

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000892222-17-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170316
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000892222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				911141254
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26542
		FILM NUMBER:		17695257
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 NORTH RUSSELL
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97227
		BUSINESS PHONE:		503-331-7270
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 NORTH RUSSELL
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97227
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CRAFT BREWERS ALLIANCE
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080701
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REDHOOK ALE BREWERY
 INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080626
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REDHOOK ALE BREWERY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950703












		


WASHINGTON
December&#160;31
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Portland
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of &#8220;accelerated filer
June&#160;30
&#32;(based upon the closing price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock
 as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market
$144
099
March&#160;10
19
261
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
This annual report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements. Generally
 the words &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8221;may
&#8221; &#8220;plan&#8221; and similar expressions or their negatives identify forward-looking statements
 which generally are not historical in nature. These statements are based upon assumptions and projections that we believe are reasonable
 but are by their nature inherently uncertain. Many possible events or factors could affect our future financial results and performance
 and could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed
 including those risks and uncertainties described in &#8220;Item 1A. - Risk Factors&#8221; and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
In this report
 we rely on and refer to information regarding industry data obtained from market research
 publicly available information
 industry publications
 U.S. government sources or other third parties. Although we believe that the third-party sources of information we use are materially complete
 accurate and reliable
 there is no assurance of the accuracy
Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (CBA) is the sixth largest craft brewing company in the U.S. and a leader in brewing
 branding
Our distinctive portfolio combines the power of Kona Brewing Company
 a fast-growing national craft beer brand
 with an expanding stable of strong regional breweries and innovative lifestyle brands
 including Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
 Omission Brewing Co.
 Redhook Brewery
 Square Mile Cider Co. and Widmer Brothers Brewing. We nurture the growth and development of our brands in today&#8217;s increasingly competitive beer market through our state-of-the-art brewing and distribution capability
 integrated sales and marketing infrastructure
 and strong focus on partnerships
CBA was formed in 2008 through the merger of Redhook Brewery and Widmer Brothers Brewing
 the two largest craft brewing pioneers in the Northwest at the time. Following a successful strategic brewing and distribution partnership
 Kona Brewing Co. joined CBA in 2010 and has become one of the fastest-growing craft brands in the U.S. As part of CBA
 Kona has expanded its reach across all 50 U.S. states and approximately 30 international markets
In addition to growing and nurturing distinctive brands steeped in local heritage
 Craft Brew Alliance is committed to developing innovative new category leaders
 such as Omission Beer
 which is the #1 beer in the gluten-free beer category
As the craft beer market continues to grow and consumers increasingly demand local offerings
 Craft Brew Alliance has expanded its portfolio of brands and maximized its brewing footprint through strategic partnerships with emerging craft beer brands in targeted markets. In 2015
 we announced strategic partnerships with Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 based in Boone
 North Carolina; and Cisco Brewers
 based in Nantucket
 Massachusetts. Through this strategic partnership model
 we gain local relevance in select beer geographies
 while our partner breweries gain access to our world-class leadership and national brewing and sales infrastructure to grow their brands. In December 2016
 we announced a new strategic partnership with Wynwood Brewing Co.
Publicly traded on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol BREW
 Craft Brew Alliance is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon and operates breweries and brewpubs across the U.S. For more information about CBA and its brands
We proudly brew our craft beers in four company-owned breweries located in Portland
 Oregon; the Seattle suburb of Woodinville
 Washington; Portsmouth
 New Hampshire; and Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii; and
 through the end of 2016
 one partner brewery in Memphis
 Tennessee. In 2016
 we entered into a contract brewing agreement with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;)
of Memphis into ABCS&#8217;s facilities. Additionally
 we own and operate two 10-barrel innovation breweries in Portland
 Oregon and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire
We distribute our beers to retailers through wholesalers that are aligned with the A-B network. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B
 which extends through 2028. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers would own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. In 2016
 Kona
 Redhook and Widmer Brothers beers were distributed in all 50 states. Omission Beer continues to expand into new markets in the U.S. and internationally
 while Square Mile Cider is currently available in 13 states in the West. Separate from our A-B wholesalers
 we maintain an internal independent sales and marketing organization with resources across the key functions of brand management
 field marketing
 field sales
We operate in two segments: Beer Related operations and Brewpubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing
 and domestic and international sales
 of craft beers and ciders from our breweries. Brewpubs operations include our five brewpubs
 four of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations
 other merchandise sales
We are one of the top six brewers in the craft brewing segment of the U.S. brewing industry. The domestic beer market includes ales and lagers produced by large domestic brewers
 international brewers and craft brewers. Shipments of craft beer in the U.S. are estimated by industry sources to have increased by approximately 
 the craft beer segment continued its growth and captured market share from the rest of the domestic market. Craft beer shipments in 
 respectively
&#32;million barrels
 respectively
 were shipped in the U.S. by the craft beer segment during 
 while total beer sold in the U.S.
 including imported beer
&#32;million barrels
 respectively. Compared with the other segments of the U.S. brewing industry
 craft brewing is a relative newcomer. Twenty years ago
 Redhook and Widmer Brothers Brewery were two of the approximately 200 craft breweries in operation. By the end of 
5
. Industry sources estimate that craft beer produced by regional and national craft brewers
 similar to us
 accounts for approximately two-thirds of total craft beer sales
Our comprehensive portfolio and national scale provide a competitive advantage in today&#8217;s market environment
 which includes craft brewers
 domestic specialty beers
 and imports. Our distinctive brand portfolio is positioned to address significant changes in consumer trends
 including increased demand for innovative flavors and styles
 a growing interest in sustainability
 and the increasing importance of local relevance. As an example
 Kona Brewing is one of the most distinctive craft brewers
 with a broad portfolio of beers that reflect a uniquely Hawaiian flavor profile
 a recognized track record in sustainable business practices
At Craft Brew Alliance
An innovative complementary portfolio of beers and ciders
&#32;which includes national lifestyle brands such as Kona and Omission
 as well as storied regional craft brands that reflect changing consumer trends around variety
Distinct
&#32;with rich stories that are rooted in their local communities
 including Widmer Brothers
 Redhook Brewery
 and Kona Brewing Company
 and bold new trailblazers Omission Beer and Square Mile Cider Company
&#32;that allows us to get our beers to market faster
 fresher and more efficiently. We have significant flexibility to fully leverage the specific strengths of our distinct breweries and operations. Additionally
 we guarantee the quality and consistency of all of our products through fine-tuned processes designed to ensure that everything
 from brewing to quality-assurance to warehousing and distribution
 meets our high standards. We believe that maximizing production under our direct supervision and through accomplished and expert partners is critical to our success. Further
 we believe that our ability to engage in ongoing product innovation and to control product quality provides critical competitive advantages. Each of our breweries is modern
 has flexible production capabilities
 and is designed to produce beer in smaller batches compared to the national domestic brewers
&#32;through robust partnerships with leading retailers. We leverage our national sales and marketing capabilities and complementary brand families to create a unique identity in the distribution channel and with the consumer. Our sales force calls on all retail channels nationally
 including grocery
 drug and convenience stores
&#32;through the Anheuser-Busch wholesaler network alliance. This distribution footprint provides efficiencies in logistics and product delivery
 state reporting and licensing
 billing and collections. We have realized these efficiencies while maintaining full autonomy over the production
&#32;with extensive experience in the beer and beverage industries. The team has a proven ability to manage brand lifecycles
 from development to turnaround
Our portfolio includes our owned brands
 the Kona Brewing Company
 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Redhook Brewery
 Omission Beer and Square Mile Cider Company brand families
We produce a variety of specialty craft beers and ciders using traditional brewing methods complemented by American innovation and invention. We brew our beers using high-quality hops
 malted barley
 wheat
 rye and other natural traditional and nontraditional ingredients. To craft our ciders
&#32;in Kailua-Kona on the Island of Hawaii in the spring of 1994 by father and son team Cameron Healy and Spoon Khalsa
 who had a dream to create fresh
 local island brews made with spirit
 passion and quality. Today
 Kona is Hawaii&#8217;s largest and favorite craft brewery
 known for top-selling flagship beers Longboard Island Lager and Big Wave Golden Ale and award-winning innovative small-batch beers available across the Islands. The Hawaii-born and Hawaii-based craft brewery prides itself on brewing the freshest beer of exceptional quality closest to market
which helps to minimize its carbon footprint by reducing shipping of raw materials
Kona Brewing Company has become one of the top craft beer brands in the world
 while remaining steadfastly committed to its home market through a strong focus on innovation
Widmer Brothers Brewing founders Kurt and Rob Widmer helped create the Pacific Northwest craft beer movement in 1984 when
 in their 20s
 they began brewing unique interpretations of traditional German beer styles. In 1986
 Widmer Brothers Brewing introduced the original American-style Hefeweizen
&#32;anniversary in 2016 and remains one of the most awarded craft beer brands in the U.S. For more than three decades
 Widmer Brothers has continued to push the boundaries of craft beer
 developing a variety of beers with an unapologetic
 uncompromising commitment to innovation.&#160;Based in Portland
 Oregon
 the brewery currently brews a variety of beers including Hefeweizen
 Upheaval IPA
 Steel Bridge Porter
 Drop Top Amber Ale
 and a full seasonal lineup. Additionally
 the Widmer Brothers innovation brewery continues to make limited edition
Redhook was born out of the energy and spirit of the early 1980s in the heart of Seattle. While the term didn&#8217;t exist at the time
 Redhook became one of America&#8217;s first craft breweries with its focus on creating &#8220;better beers.&#8221; From a modest start in a former transmission shop in the Seattle neighborhood of Ballard to a Fremont trolley barn that housed The Trolleyman brewpub
 to its current breweries in Woodinville
 Washington
 and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire
While Redhook has &#8220;grown up&#8221; over the past 30 years
 one thing has never changed - Redhook is still brewing great beers like ESB and Long Hammer IPA
 which is one of the top-ten IPAs in the U.S.
Omission is the first craft beer brand in the United States focused exclusively on brewing great-tasting craft beers with traditional ingredients-including malted barley-that are crafted to remove gluten. Brewed in Portland
 Oregon
&#32;Omission produces three craft beers specially crafted to remove gluten: Omission Lager
Launched in 2013
 Square Mile Cider is the hard cider for the modern day pioneers celebrating the spirit of the Pacific Northwest. We set out to reinvigorate an enduringly classic American beverage with a blend of hand-selected apples combined with unique Northwest ingredients. Square Mile Cider produces two varieties of hard cider
 The Original and Spur &amp; Vine
We also have brewing and distribution arrangements with partner brands
Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 LLC is dedicated to making seriously delicious craft beer while focusing its business model on community
 sustainability and philanthropy. Their Pints for Non-Profits program collaborates with local organizations that are dedicated to enriching the land
 water
 air and people of the High Country. Appalachian Mountain Brewery has earned numerous awards for its innovative craft beers and ciders
 including Boone Creek Blonde Ale
 which won a Gold Medal at the U.S. Open Beer Championships in 2016. The brewery&#8217;s core portfolio also includes Long Leaf IPA
 Spoaty Oaty Pale Ale
 and Porter
Cisco Brewers is a craft brewery that embodies Nantucket&#8217;s &#8220;away off shore&#8221; lifestyle. Cisco Brewers is a unique operation
 proud to be one of the very first producers in the United States crafting beer
 wine
 and spirits. Their home base is a major attraction for locals and tourists alike
 and is regularly highlighted in the media as one of the top destinations on Nantucket Island. Cisco Brewers' year-round offerings include Whale&#8217;s Tale Pale Ale
 Grey Lady
In 2016
 Kona Brewing Co. capitalized on the IPA craft trend with the launch of a new Island-inspired
 tropical brew
 Hanalei Island IPA
 in Hawaii and southern California
 followed by a national launch in January 2017. As with all of Kona&#8217;s beers
 Hanalei Island IPA was named for a specific place in Hawaii
 Hanalei Bay in Kauai
 and evokes the spirit of Hawaii with distinctive local ingredients. Brewed with Hawaii&#8217;s beloved POG (pineapple
 orange and guava) juice
 Hanalei Island IPA is a coppery
 laidback
 session-style ale with tropical flavors and just 4.5% alcohol by volume (ABV). 2016 represented the seventh consecutive year of double-digit growth for the Hawaiian brewery on the mainland
 as Kona continued to expand Longboard Lager and Big Wave distribution across all 50 states. We also added new countries to our distribution network
In 2016
 Widmer Brothers announced the arrival of its flagship beer Hefe in cans. Hefe has been the brewery&#8217;s flagship beer for 30 years
 and the Original American Hefeweizen is still the best-selling craft beer in Oregon. To celebrate Hefe&#8217;s 30th anniversary in 2016
 the storied
 award-winning beer was launched in 12-ounce cans in six- and 12-packs in the Oregon market exclusively. As part of its ongoing commitment to its hometown
 Widmer Brothers tapped three new beers in 2016 that were themed around the Portland Timbers MLS team. The first
 launched in March 2016
 was a rye altbier collaboration with Timbers Head Coach Caleb Porter and the Portland Timbers coaching staff called First Star
 after the gold star worn by MLS Cup champion teams to signify their title wins. The brewery also tapped Thrill of Victory Cascadian Dark Ale
 a collaboration with Columbus Brewing as part of a bet between the two breweries before last year&#8217;s MLS Championship game between the Timbers and the Columbus Crew. In September 2016
 Widmer Brothers Brewing and Portland Timbers Goalkeeper Jake Gleeson teamed up to brew a small-batch
 commemorative beer 
 &#8220;Centennial Celebration IPA
&#8221; a pineapple rye India Pale Ale
In 2016
In May 2016
 Redhook introduced a new summer seasonal that is a true Seattle original. Summerhook is a golden rye ale made for Seattle summers: picnics at Green Lake
 day games at Safeco Field
 or warm evenings at the Fremont Solstice Fair. Summerhook is a golden rye ale that features crisp hoppiness and rye malt characteristics. Summerhook&#8217;s light body and 4.7% ABV make it a refreshing must for the season. Redhook also released a new national beer
 American Pale Ale. This hoppy addition to Redhook&#8217;s year-round lineup
 featuring classic red
 white and blue packaging
 was available nationally starting in July 2016. Redhook&#8217;s take on the American Pale Ale style integrates classic Chinook and Cascade hop characters into this easy-drinking and full-flavored pale ale. At 4.7% ABV
 the sessionable American Pale Ale is a great beer for any occasion throughout the year
 including Fourth of July barbeques
 game nights
 and casual hangouts with friends. American Pale Ale is available nationally in six- and twelve-packs
In 2016
 Omission Beer maintained its position as the market leader in the gluten-free beer category. Omission IPA continued to expand into new markets across the country
and active lifestyle consumer
In 2016
 Square Mile Cider Company continued to expand distribution into 12 states
 becoming the number one locally produced cider in the Northwest. The brand
 which finds its inspiration from the pioneering spirit of the original Oregon pioneers
 continues to offer two varieties: The Original
 a classic American hard cider; and Spur &amp; Vine
 a hopped version of the classic American hard cider
We use highly automated brewing equipment at our four owned production breweries and also operate two smaller
December&#160;31
 2016
1
075
. Our Hawaiian Brewery utilizes a 25-barrel brewing system and utilizes a 229-kilowatt photovoltaic solar energy generating system to supply approximately 50 percent of its energy requirements through renewable energy. In 2016
 we held a ground breaking ceremony for a new brewery near our existing brewery and pub in Kona. The new brewery
 which is being built with sustainability in mind
. In 2016
In addition to our owned brewing capacity
 we supplemented our 2016 production needs through a brewing partnership with Blues City Brewing in Memphis
 Tennessee. This partnership
 which began in 2014
 provided us the ability to produce up to 100
000 barrels at this location annually. In 2016
We package our craft beers in cans
 bottles and kegs. All of our production breweries
 with the exception of the Hawaiian Brewery
 have fully automated bottling and keg lines. The bottle fillers at all of the breweries utilize a carbon dioxide environment during bottling
our beers in more locations and at more events and occasions
 matching the active lifestyles and preferences of our consumers. Additionally
 in our Portland Widmer Brothers Brewpub
We monitor production and quality control at all of our breweries
 with central coordination at the Oregon Brewery. All of the breweries have an on-site laboratory where microbiologists and lab technicians supervise on-site yeast propagation
 monitor product quality
 test products
 measure color and bitterness
 and test for oxidation and unwanted bacteria. We also regularly utilize outside laboratories for independent product analysis. In addition
We currently purchase a significant portion of our malted barley from two suppliers and our premium-quality select hops
 mostly grown in the Pacific Northwest
 from competitive sources. We also periodically purchase small lots of hops from international sources
 such as New Zealand and Western Europe
 which we use to achieve a special hop character in certain beers. In order to ensure the supply of the hop varieties used in our products
 we enter into supply contracts for our hop requirements. We believe that comparable quality malted barley and hops are available from alternate sources at competitive prices
 although there can be no assurance that pricing would be consistent with our current arrangements. We currently cultivate our own yeast supply for certain strains and maintain a separate
 secure supply in-house. We have access to multiple competitive sources for packaging materials
 such as labels
 six-pack carriers
 crowns
 cans and shipping cases.
26
&#32;barrels under contract brewing arrangements
36
39
We own and operate five brew-pub restaurants and retail stores that support consumer awareness and research and development. Our five brew-pub restaurants allow us to interact directly with over 1.5 million consumers annually in our home markets
 which creates a sense of brand loyalty. Our brewers are continually experimenting with different varieties of hops and malts in all styles of beer
With limited exceptions
 all brewers in the United States are required to sell their beers to independent wholesalers
 who then sell the beers to retailers. We are the only independent craft brewer in the U.S. to have established a wholly-aligned distribution network through our partnership with A-B. This partnership provides us national distribution
 which results in both an effective distribution presence in each market and administrative efficiencies. Our beers are available for sale directly to consumers in draft
 cans and bottles at restaurants
 bars and liquor stores
 as well as in cans and bottles at supermarkets
 warehouse clubs
Our products are distributed in all 50 states
 pursuant to a master distributor agreement with A-B that allows us access to A-B&#8217;s national distribution network. For additional information regarding our relationship with A-B
Relationship with Anheuser-Busch
&#8221; below. Management believes that our competitors in the craft beer segment generally negotiate distribution relationships separately with wholesalers in each locality and
 as a result
 typically distribute through a variety of wholesalers representing differing national beer brands with uncoordinated territorial boundaries.
693
753
&#32;barrels
 respectively
 to the wholesalers in A-B&#8217;s distribution network
 accounting for 
 respectively
In addition to leveraging our owned brewpubs and retail locations
 we promote our products through a national sales and marketing network that includes
 but is not limited to
wholesalers and retailers about our products; and iii) promoting our name
 product offerings
 brands
 and experimental beers at local festivals
We advertise and promote our products through an assortment of media
 including television
 radio
 billboard
 print and social media
 including Facebook
 Twitter and Instagram
 in key markets and by participating in cooperative programs with our wholesalers whereby our spending is matched by the distributor. We believe that the financial commitment by the distributor helps align the distributor&#8217;s interests with ours
Our breweries also play a significant role in increasing consumer awareness of our products and enhancing our image as a craft brewer. Thousands of visitors per year take tours at our breweries and all of our production breweries have a retail restaurant or pub where our products are served. In addition
 several of the breweries have meeting rooms that the public can rent for business meetings
 parties and holiday events
 and that we use to entertain and educate wholesalers
 retailers and the media about our products. At our brewpubs
 we sell various items of apparel and other merchandise bearing our trademarks
 which creates further awareness of our beers and reinforces our brand image. To further promote retail canned and bottled product sales
 and in response to local competitive conditions
Relationship with Anheuser-Busch
The Master A-B Distributor Agreement (the A-B Distributor Agreement)
 as amended in August 2016
 provides for the distribution of our brands
 as well as those of AMB and Cisco
 in all states
 territories and possessions of the United States
 including the District of Columbia and
 except with respect to Kona beers
 all U.S. military
 diplomatic
 and governmental installations in a U.S. territory or possession. Under the A-B Distributor Agreement
 we have granted A-B the right of first refusal to distribute our products
 including any internally developed new products
 but excluding new products that we may acquire. We are responsible for marketing our products to A-B&#8217;s wholesalers
As amended in August 2016
 the term of the A-B Distributor Agreement will expire on December 31
 2028. The A-B Distributor Agreement is also subject to immediate termination
 by either party
 upon the occurrence of standard events of default as defined in the agreement.  Additionally
 the A-B Distributor Agreement may be terminated by A-B
 with six months&#8217; prior written notice to us
any A-B competitor or affiliate thereof acquires 10% or more of our outstanding equity securities
our current chief executive officer ceases to function in that role or is terminated
 and a satisfactory successor
 in A&#8209;B&#8217;s opinion
A-B
 its subsidiaries
 affiliates
 or parent
 incur any obligation or expense as a result of a claim asserted against them by or in our name
 or by our affiliates or shareholders
&#32;A-B also has the right to deliver a revocation notice and reinstitute the terms of the A-B Distributor Agreement as they existed prior to August 23
 2016
 following a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed. A &#8220;change of control event&#8221; includes
 with certain exceptions
 (i) the acquisition by a person or group of beneficial ownership on a fully diluted basis of 50% or more of our equity securities (or the equity securities of the surviving entity in any merger
 consolidation
 share exchange or other business combination involving us)
 (ii) a change in the composition of our board of directors during any consecutive 12-month period such that the incumbent directors cease to constitute at least a majority of the board of directors
 or (iii) the completion of a sale
 lease
 exchange
 or other transfer of (A) the Kona brand or (B) 50% or more of our assets based on fair market value. A-B would have a similar revocation right upon the earliest to occur of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; by A-B
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing A-B&#8217;s qualifying offer
 and (z) our failure to enter into a definitive transaction agreement with A-B within 120 days following receipt of A-B&#8217;s qualifying offer
A &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; means an offer or proposal on customary terms and conditions
 with certain exceptions
 made by A-B (or one of its affiliates) for the acquisition of all of our outstanding  common stock not owned by A-B or its affiliates
 for an aggregate value  (subject to adjustment for changes in capitalization) of (a) until August 23
 2017
 at least $22.00 per share
 (b) from August 24
 2017 through August 23
 2018
 at least $23.25 per share
 and (c) beginning August 24
 2018
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement (the &#8220;Brewing Agreement&#8221;) with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABCS will brew
 bottle and package up to 300
000 barrels of our mutually agreed products annually
 in facilities owned by ABCS within the United States
 for an initial term through December 31
 2026. We are in the process of transitioning our current production volume from our contract brewer in Memphis
 Tennessee
 to ABCS&#8217;s facilities. We will share equally with ABCS in any cost savings arising from the Brewing Agreement
 provided that our cost savings will equal at least $10.00 per barrel on an aggregate basis
The Brewing Agreement provides specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the Brewing Agreement if (i) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the Brewing Agreement
 subject to certain cure rights
 (ii) the International Distribution Agreement (as defined below) is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof
 or (iii) subject to certain conditions
In addition
 ABCS has the right to terminate the Brewing Agreement
 upon 90 days&#8217; prior written notice to us
 following (i) a change of control event (as defined above) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; (as defined above)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
 and (z) our failure to enter into a definitive transaction agreement within 120 days following receipt of a qualifying offer
On August 23
 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement (the &#8220;International Distribution Agreement&#8221;) with Anheuser-Busch Worldwide Investments
 LLC (&#8220;ABWI&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABWI will be the sole and exclusive distributor of our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
 and certain other limitations
 in each case as set forth in the International Distribution Agreement. Under the International Distribution Agreement
 following delivery of notice to us
Under the terms of the International Distribution Agreement
 with respect to our exported products produced by us
 ABWI will pay us our costs of production plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses relating to export shipment costs. Additionally
 ABWI will pay us an international royalty fee based on volume of our products sold by ABWI
 equal to either $40 per barrel or $30 per barrel
 depending on certain factors described in the International Distribution Agreement
 which royalty fee will be subject to escalation annually
 beginning in calendar year 2018
 on the terms described in the International Distribution Agreement. For calendar year 2016
 2017 and 2018
 ABWI will also pay us one-time fees of $3.0 million
 $5.0 million and $6.0 million
 respectively. The sum of the fees is recognized in Beer Related Net sales on a straight-line basis over the 10-year contract term
The International Distribution Agreement contains specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the International Distribution Agreement if (a) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the International Distribution Agreement
 subject to certain cure rights or (b) the Brewing Agreement is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof. In addition
 ABWI has the right to terminate the International Distribution Agreement upon 90 days&#8217; prior written notice to us following (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; (as defined above) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; (as defined above)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
 and (z) our failure to enter into a definitive transaction agreement within 120 days following receipt of a qualifying offer
 with certain exceptions (each of the foregoing subclauses (x) through (z)
 a &#8220;qualifying offer lapse&#8221;). Following termination of the International Distribution Agreement due to a qualifying offer lapse
 or any change of control event
 ABWI shall have the right to purchase the international distribution rights for each of our brands then being distributed under the International Distribution Agreement at the fair market value of such rights
 and on otherwise customary terms and conditions
Under the International Distribution Agreement
 ABWI will also be required to make a one-time $20.0 million payment to us on August 23
 2019. The payment is being recognized in Beer Related Net sales on a straight-line basis over the 10-year contract term. However
 ABWI will not (subject to compliance with certain notice requirements) be obligated to make such one-time payment if
 prior to that date
 (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; occurs or a definitive agreement for a transaction constituting a change of control event is entered into
is subsequently terminated
 other than for certain regulatory reasons (in which case the $20.0 million shall remain payable). Unless terminated sooner
 the International Distribution Agreement will continue in effect until December 31
We have also entered into an Amended and Restated Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement (the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;) with A-B
December&#160;31
The Exchange Agreement entitles A-B to designate two members of our board of directors. A-B also generally has the right to have a designee on each committee of the board of directors
 except where prohibited by law or stock exchange requirements
 or with respect to a committee formed to evaluate transactions or proposed transactions between A-B and us. The Exchange Agreement contains limitations on our ability to take certain actions without A-B&#8217;s prior consent
 including
 but not limited to
 our ability to issue equity securities or acquire or sell assets or stock
 amend our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws
 grant board representation rights
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates
 distribute our products in the United States other than through A-B or as provided in the A-B Distributor Agreement
On August 23
 2016
 A-B and we entered into an amendment to the Exchange Agreement providing A-B with rights
 following a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; or a &#8220;qualifying offer
We pay fees to A-B in connection with the sale of our products
 including margin fees
 invoicing
 staging and cooperage handling fees
See Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
On January 8
 2016
 we entered into brewing agreements  (the brewing agreements) with Pabst Northwest Brewing Company (Pabst)
 a subsidiary of Pabst Brewing Company
 under which Pabst has the ability to brew selected Rainier Brewing Company and other brands at our brewery in Woodinville
 Washington under a license agreement. The brewing agreements expire on December 31
 2018. During 2016
In conjunction with the brewing agreements
 we granted Pabst an option to purchase the Woodinville brewery and adjacent pub
 as well as related assets (together
 the Property)
&#32;if Pabst exercises the option during the first year of the agreement (which has elapsed)
&#32;if exercise occurs during the second year of the agreement
&#32;if Pabst exercises the option during the third year of the agreement and on or before the close of business on December 31
 2018. Under the option agreement
 Pabst conducted an additional diligence review of environmental and title issues relating to the Property
 and
 upon completion
 did not exercise its right to terminate either the brewery agreements or the option agreement. If Pabst does not exercise its option to purchase the Property
Our sales generally reflect a degree of seasonality
 with the first and fourth quarters historically exhibiting low sales levels compared to the second and third quarters. Accordingly
We compete in the craft brewing market as well as in the much larger alcoholic beverage market
 which encompasses domestic and imported beers
 flavored alcohol beverages
 spirits
In 2016
 the craft brewing industry continued to experience unprecedented change and competition
 characterized by three trends: 1) the growing number and popularity of new local craft breweries that captured market share from established craft breweries
 2) continued acquisition and investment activity between craft brewers
 large domestic and foreign brewers
 and private equity firms
 and 3) continued competitive pressure from international brewers
 including Crown
 which target both domestic and craft beer drinkers. In 2016
 according to industry sources
 A&#8209;B and MillerCoors accounted for almost 80% of total beer shipped in the U.S.
 excluding imports. In addition
Competition varies by regional market. Depending on the local market preferences and distribution
 we have encountered strong competition from microbreweries
 regional specialty brewers and several national craft brewers that include MillerCoors&#8217; Tenth and Blake Beer Company division (&#8220;Tenth and Blake&#8221;)
 Constellation Brands
 and A-B&#8217;s High End division. A-B&#8217;s High End division includes Goose Island
 Blue Point Brewing
 10 Barrel Brewing Company
 Elysian
 Golden Road
 Shock Top
 Karbach Brewing  and others. Because of the large number of participants and offerings in this segment
 along with the accelerating consumer preference for local offerings
 the competition for packaged product placements and especially draft beer placements has intensified. Although certain of these competitors distribute their products nationally and may have greater financial and other resources than we have
 we believe that we possess certain competitive advantages
 including our unique portfolio strategy that combines strong national lifestyle brands supported by distinctive regional craft brands
 the scale and specialization of our production breweries
 strategically distributed sales and marketing resources
We also compete against imported brands
 such as Heineken
 Stella Artois
 Corona Extra and Guinness
 which typically have significantly greater financial resources than we have. Although imported beers currently account for a greater share of the U.S. beer market than craft beers
 we believe that craft brewers possess certain competitive advantages over some importers
 including lower transportation costs
 no importation costs
 proximity to and familiarity with local consumers
 a higher degree of product freshness
In response to the growth of the craft beer segment
 the major domestic national brewers have invested in purchasing small craft breweries. The major national brewers
 including Tenth and Blake through MillerCoors
 and A-B High End brands through A-B
In the past several years
 several major distilled spirits producers and national brewers have introduced flavored alcohol beverages. Products such as the Bud Light Rita family
 Smirnoff Ice
 the hard soda category
 and Mike&#8217;s Hard Lemonade have captured sizable market share in the higher-priced end of the malt beverage industry. We believe sales of these products
 along with strong growth in the imported and craft beer segments of the malt beverage industry
Competition for consumers of craft beers also comes from wine and spirits
 which reflects today&#8217;s millennial consumers who typically drink across three alcoholic beverage categories in a single drinking occasion. Growth in this segment appears to be attributable to competitive pricing
 television advertising
 increased merchandising and increased consumer interest in local wine and craft spirits. Recently
 the wine industry has been aided
 on a limited basis
 by its ability to sell outside of the three-tier system
 allowing sales to be made directly to the consumer. While the craft beer segment competes with wine and spirits
A significant portion of our sales continues to be in the Pacific Northwest and in California
 which we believe are among the most competitive craft beer markets in the United States
 both in terms of number of participants and consumer awareness. We believe that these areas offer significant competition for our products
 not only from other craft brewers but also from the growing wine market and from flavored alcohol beverages. Additionally
 we are monitoring the impact of cannabis as more states legalize marijuana for retail sales. Our recent marketing efforts have been focused on promoting the authenticity of our pioneering owned brands and partner brands
See Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
Our business is highly regulated at federal
 state and local levels. Various permits
 licenses and approvals necessary for our brewery and pub operations and the sale of alcoholic beverages are required from a number of agencies
 including the U.S. Treasury Department
 the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#8220;TTB&#8221;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 state alcohol regulatory agencies
 and state and local health
 sanitation
 safety
 fire and environmental agencies. In addition
We operate our breweries under federal licensing requirements imposed by the TTB. The TTB requires the filing of a &#8220;Brewer&#8217;s Notice&#8221; upon the establishment of a commercial brewery and the filing of an amended Brewer&#8217;s Notice any time there is a material change in the brewing or warehousing locations
 brewing or packaging equipment
 brewery ownership
Management believes that we currently have all of the licenses
The U.S. federal government currently levies an excise tax of $18 per barrel on beer sold for consumption in the United States; however
 brewers
 such as us
 that produce less than two million barrels annually are taxed at $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels shipped
 with shipments above this amount taxed at the normal rate. Certain states also levy excise taxes on alcoholic beverages. Excise taxes may be increased in the future by the federal government or any state government or both. In the past
 increases in excise taxes on alcoholic beverages have been considered in connection with various governmental budget-balancing or funding proposals. In January 2017
 the Craft Beverage Modernization and Tax Reform Act (S.236/H.R. 747) was introduced in both the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives. If enacted
 the act would provide significant tax relief to all brewers and importers. Our benefit would be significant because it would reduce the excise tax from $7 to $3.50 per barrel on the first 60
Our brewing operations are subject to environmental regulations and local permitting requirements and agreements regarding
 among other things
 air emissions
 water discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes. While we have no reason to believe the operation of our breweries violate any such regulation or requirement
 if such a violation were to occur
 or if environmental regulations were to become more stringent in the future
The serving of alcoholic beverages to a person known to be intoxicated may
 under certain circumstances
The Kona Brewing Co.
 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Redhook
 and Omission marks and certain other marks are also registered in various foreign countries. We regard our Kona Brewing Co.
 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Redhook
 Omission
December&#160;31
 2016
&#32;people
&#32;employees in the brewpubs and retail stores
&#32;employees in production
Our Internet address is www.craftbrew.com. There we make available
 free of charge
 our annual report on Form 10&#8209;K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements and any amendments to those reports
If we are unable to gauge trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner
The costs and management attention involved in maintaining an innovative brand portfolio have been
 and are expected to continue to be
 significant. If we have not gauged consumer preferences correctly
 or are unable to maintain consistently high quality beers as we develop new brands
 our overall brand image may be damaged. If this were to occur
 our future sales
 results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. Also
We compete in the highly competitive craft beer market
 as well as in the much larger specialty beer category
 which includes the imported beer segment and fuller-flavored beers offered by major brewers. We face increasing competition from producers of wine
 spirits and flavored alcohol beverages offered by the larger brewers and spirit producers. We are also monitoring the impact of cannabis as more states legalize marijuana for retail sale. Increased competition could adversely affect our future sales and results of operations. See Competition in Part I
We rely on computer information systems to conduct our business. We have policies and procedures in place to protect against and reduce the occurrence of failures
 interruptions
 or breaches of security of these systems. However
 there can be no assurances that these policies and procedures will eliminate the occurrence of failures
 interruptions or breaches of security or that they will adequately restore our systems or minimize any such events. The occurrence of a failure
 interruption or breach of security of our computer information systems could result in loss of intellectual property
 delays in our production
 loss of critical information
 or other events
We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our business
 including sensitive and personally identifiable information. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss
 inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us
 our employees
 or our customers
 including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of hacking
 fraud
 trickery or other forms of deception
 could expose us
 our customers or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. Any such breach
 loss
 or disclosure could result in litigation and potential liability for us
 damage our brand image and reputation
 or otherwise harm our business. In addition
 our current data protection measures might not protect us against increasingly sophisticated and aggressive threats
Consumer demand for luxury or perceived luxury goods
 including craft beer
 can be sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions
 job losses and unemployment or underemployment
 perceived or actual declines in disposable consumer income and wealth
 and changes in consumer confidence in the economy
 could significantly reduce customer demand for craft beer in general
 and the products we offer specifically. Furthermore
 our consumers may choose to replace our products with the fuller-flavored national brands or other more affordable
 although lower quality
If consumers become unwilling to accept our products or if general consumer trends cause a decrease in the demand for beer
 including craft beer
 our sales and results of operations would be adversely affected. There is no assurance that the craft brewing segment will continue to experience growth in future periods. If the markets for wine
 spirits or flavored alcohol beverages continue to grow
 this could draw consumers away from the beer industry in general and our products specifically. Further
 the alcoholic beverage industry has become the subject of considerable societal and political attention in recent years due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including drunk driving
 underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. In reaction to these concerns
 steps may be taken to restrict advertising by beer producers
 to impose additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements
 or  to increase excise or other taxes on beer. Any such developments may have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition
CBA launched Omission beer in May 2012 as the first brand of craft beer to be brewed in the United States using conventional beer ingredients (including malted barley
 a gluten-containing grain) and &#8220;crafted to remove gluten.&#8221; Omission beers are brewed similarly to other craft beers except that
 at the point of fermentation
Omission beers are subject to regulation by the Department of Treasury&#8217;s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#8220;TTB&#8221;)
 but as a result of overlapping jurisdictions of the FDA and TTB
 the role each agency plays in the regulation of fermented alcohol beverages
 and the commitments the two agencies have made to work together to establish consistent gluten labeling policies for comparable alcohol beverage products
 the above referenced FDA notice of proposed rulemaking has far-reaching implications for fermented alcohol beverages
 like Omission Beer
 that are subject to regulation by both the FDA and TTB. In accordance with the TTB&#8217;s premarket approval requirements
 the TTB approved Omission labeling
 including its gluten-related claims
If the FDA's proposed rule becomes final as written
 the TTB&#8217;s policy may be superseded
 which would have a significant impact on our ability to market and sell our Omission beers as &#8220;crafted to remove gluten&#8221; and negatively impact our operating results. CBA fully engaged in the FDA rulemaking process and submitted extensive regulatory
 legal and scientific comments to the docket in April 2016. The FDA sent the rule to the Office of Management and Budget for review
 and the final rule is expected to be announced in April 2017. Soon thereafter
We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which could
 if not remediated
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting
 as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As disclosed in Item 9A
A material weakness is defined as a deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of this material weakness
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - An Integrated Framework. We are actively engaged in developing a remediation plan designed to address this material weakness. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weakness
 or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control are discovered or occur in the future
Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of our products. We have rigorous product safety and quality standards which we expect our breweries and our brewing partners to meet. However
 we cannot assure you that
 despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality
 we will always meet these standards. If we
 or our brewing partners
 fail to comply with applicable product safety and quality standards and our products on the market are
 or become
 contaminated or adulterated
 we may be required to conduct costly product recalls and may become subject to product liability claims and negative publicity
We have a continuing relationship with Anheuser-Busch
Substantially all of our products are sold and distributed through A-B&#8217;s distribution network. If the A-B Distributor Agreement were terminated
 we would be faced with a number of operational tasks
 including establishing and maintaining direct contracts with the existing wholesaler network or negotiating agreements with replacement wholesalers on an individual basis
 and enhancing our credit evaluation
 billing and accounts receivable processes. Such an undertaking would require significant effort and substantial time to complete
Although substantially all of our products are sold and distributed through A-B
 we continue to rely heavily on wholesalers
 many of which are independent
Any disruption in the ability of the wholesalers
 A-B
 or us to distribute products efficiently due to any significant operational problems
 such as widespread labor union strikes or the loss of a major wholesaler as a customer
 could hinder our ability to get our products to retailers and could have a material adverse impact on our sales
 results of operations and cash flows. A-B has been purchasing distributors in states where it is legally permissible
The Exchange Agreement requires us to obtain A-B's consent prior to undertaking certain activities and investments. For example
 we must obtain A-B's consent before acquiring another brewer if the purchase price exceeds $30 million or to purchase a non-brewing entity if the purchase price exceeds $2 million. If A-B opposes strategic or financial investments proposed by our management
&#32;of our outstanding common stock
 making A-B our largest shareholder. In addition
 under the Exchange Agreement
 A-B may designate two nominees to our board of directors. These directors also participate on our audit
 compensation
 and nominating and governance committees as non-voting observers
 and one of these directors participates on our strategic planning committee as a voting member. As a result
 A-B has an influential voice in deliberations of the board of directors and shareholders. A-B and its affiliates also have the right to terminate our contract brewing arrangements and to rescind certain amendments to our other contracts with them upon the occurrence of certain events. See &#8220;Relationship with Anheuser-Busch
Expansion projects at our Portland and Kona breweries may be subject to various risks
 including cost overruns
 construction delays
 and inability to fully utilize additional production capacity
During 2015
 we announced plans to expand our Portland brewery to increase annual brewing capacity to 750
000 barrels at a total estimated cost of $10 million.&#160;We also held a ground-breaking ceremony on the site of  a new
 state-of-the-art brewing facility in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii
 with an annual production capacity of 100
000 barrels at a total estimated cost of approximately $20 million.&#160;As with all projects of this magnitude
 there is the potential risk of significant cost overruns
 which could require us to increase our borrowing under our revolving credit facility or to find additional financing.&#160;We may also experience unforeseen construction delays
 which could result in our inability to bring one or both of these facilities into production as scheduled
 adversely affecting our results of operations and financial condition.&#160;In addition
 if we do not achieve sufficient growth in product sales to absorb the increased production capacity following completion of these projects
 we will be unable to realize our goals for gross margin improvement
We expect to continue to make strategic investments in improvements aimed at increasing the efficiency
 capabilities and capacity of our breweries
 improving our ordering and logistics systems
As of December&#160;31
 
1
075
&#32;barrels. Due to many factors
 including seasonality and production schedules of various draft products and bottled products and packages
 actual production capacity will rarely
 if ever
 approach full working capacity. We believe that capacity utilization of the breweries will fluctuate throughout the year
 and even though we expect that capacity of our breweries will be efficiently utilized during periods when our sales are strongest
 there likely will be periods when the capacity utilization will be lower. We have also reserved significant capacity at our Woodinville brewery for our brewing agreement with Pabst and
 if their contract brewing volume is materially short of expectations
 as occurred in 2016
 we may not operate that brewery at optimum levels. If we experience contraction in our sales and brewing volumes
 the resulting excess capacity and unabsorbed overhead will have an adverse effect on our gross margins
 operating cash flows and overall financial performance. We periodically evaluate whether we expect to recover the costs of our production breweries over the course of their useful lives. If facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these long-lived assets may be impaired
 an evaluation of recoverability will be performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows along with other quantitative and qualitative analyses. If we determine that the carrying value of such assets does not appear to be recoverable
 we will recognize an impairment loss by a charge against current operations
Our sales are concentrated in the Pacific Northwest
&#32;were concentrated in Washington
 Oregon
 California and Hawaii and
 consequently
 our future sales may be adversely affected by changes in economic and business conditions within these states. We also believe the Pacific Northwest and California are among the most competitive craft beer markets in the United States
 both in terms of number of market participants and consumer awareness. The Pacific Northwest and California offer significant competition to our products
 not only from other craft brewers
 but also from the major domestic brewers
Our future success is dependent on the continued service of our senior management and other key employees
 particularly Andrew Thomas
 our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of our senior management and other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Additionally
 the loss of Andrew Thomas as our Chief Executive Officer
 and the failure to find a replacement satisfactory to A-B
We also may be unable to retain existing management
 sales
 marketing
 operational and other support personnel critical to our success
 which could result in harm to significant customer relationships
 loss of key information
 expertise or know-how
Future gross margin may fluctuate and even decline as a result of many factors
 including: product pricing levels; sales mix between draft and packaged product sales and within the various bottled product packages; level of fixed and semi-variable operating costs; level of production at our breweries in relation to current production capacity; availability and prices of raw materials
We are self-insured with respect to health care expenses for our employees. During 2015 and 2014
 we experienced higher than average medical expense claims
 which increased our Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#160;If this trend continues
Our results are highly dependent on our ability to accurately forecast and execute throughout the entire supply chain
 including sales forecasting
 raw material ordering
 brewing and distribution. The combination of our recent growth and increased brand complexity has increased the operating complexity of our business. We cannot guarantee that we will effectively manage such complexity without experiencing planning failures
 operating inefficiencies
We engage in electronic communications between third parties
 including A-B and our wholesalers
In June 2014
 we initiated full-scale brewing with our brewing partner in Memphis
 Tennessee. This partnership provided us scalable capacity and we had the ability to produce up to 100
000 barrels at this location annually. In 2016
 we entered into a contract brewing agreement with ABCS and
 once fully optimized
 anticipate producing up to 300
If production at that facility should be disrupted due to unforeseen circumstances
 our ability to produce and ship sufficient quantities of our beer to meet demand in certain key geographic markets
 particularly Texas and the southeastern United States
 could be significantly impaired
The U.S. federal government currently levies an excise tax of $18 per barrel on beer sold for consumption in the United States; however
 brewers
 such as us
 that produce less than two million barrels annually
 are taxed at $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels shipped
 with the remainder of the shipments taxed at the normal rate. The individual states in which we operate also impose excise taxes on beer and other alcohol beverages in varying amounts. Federal and state legislators routinely consider various proposals to impose additional excise taxes on the production of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. Any such increases in excise taxes
 if enacted
 would adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations
Tax liabilities may vary significantly and are subject to change. Among others
 these taxes include &#160;income &#160;taxes
 &#160;property taxes
&#160;indirect &#160;taxes &#160;(excise
 &#160;sales
 use &#160;and &#160;gross receipts &#160;taxes)
 &#160;payroll &#160;taxes
Our business is highly regulated by federal
 state
 and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern all aspects of the production and distribution of beer
 including permitting
 licensing
 trade practices
 labeling
 advertising and marketing
 distributor relationships and various other matters. A variety of federal
 state and local governmental authorities also levy various taxes
 license fees and other similar charges and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations may cause the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau or any particular state or jurisdiction to revoke its license or permit
 restricting our ability to conduct business
 or result in the imposition of significant fines or penalties. One or more regulatory authorities could determine that we have not complied with applicable licensing or permitting regulations or have not maintained the approvals necessary for us to conduct business within our jurisdiction. If licenses
 permits or approvals necessary for our brewery or pub operations were unavailable or unduly delayed
 or if any permits or licenses that we hold were to be revoked
 or additional permits or licenses were required in the future
 including as a result of expanding our operations
 our ability to conduct business may be disrupted
 which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
The craft beer business is seasonal in nature
Sales of craft beer products are somewhat seasonal
 with the first and fourth quarters historically being lower and the rest of the year generating stronger sales. Our sales volume may also be affected by weather conditions and selling days within a particular period. Therefore
 the results for any given quarter will likely not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. If an adverse event such as a regional economic downturn or poor weather conditions should occur during the second and third quarters
We may be unable to access public or private debt markets to fund our operations and contractual commitments at competitive rates
 on commercially reasonable terms
 or in sufficient amounts
We depend
 in part
 on our revolving line of credit with Bank of America
 N.A. (BofA)
. A number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for debt. These factors include general economic conditions
 disruptions or declines in the global capital markets
 our financial performance or outlook
If our business does not perform as expected
 including if we generate less revenue than anticipated from our operations or encounter significant unexpected costs
 we may fail to comply with the financial covenants under our credit facilities. If we do not comply with our financial covenants and we do not obtain a waiver or amendment
 BofA may elect to cause all amounts owed to become immediately due and payable. Any default may require us to seek additional capital or modifications to our credit facilities
may not be available or which may be costly. Any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial position
 results of operations
We have entered into strategic relationships with certain regional brewers
 including Appalachian Mountain Brewery in North Carolina and Cisco Brewers in Massachusetts. These new relationships have added to the complexity of our operations
 including brewing
 packaging
 marketing and selling their brands
 with increased demands on our management team. There can be no assurance that&#160;we&#160;will be able to take full advantage of these strategic opportunities without&#160;experiencing unexpected costs
On January 8
 2016
 we entered into brewing agreements with Pabst under which Pabst has the ability to brew selected Rainier Brewing Company and other brands at our brewery in Woodinville
 Washington under a license agreement. The agreements expire on December 31
In conjunction with the brewing agreements
 we granted Pabst an option to purchase the Woodinville brewery and adjacent pub
 as well as related assets (together
 the Property)
&#32;if Pabst exercises the option during the first year of the agreement (which has elapsed)
&#32;if exercise occurs during the second year of the agreement
&#32;if Pabst exercises the option during the third year of the agreement and on or before the close of business on December 31
 2018. Under the option agreement
 Pabst conducted an additional diligence review of environmental and title issues relating to the Property
 and
 upon completion
 did not exercise its right to terminate either the brewery agreements or the option agreement. If Pabst does not exercise its option to purchase the Property
If Pabst does not exercise the option
 we will retain ownership and operation of the Woodinville brewery
 which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations if our planned alternative uses for the facility&#8217;s brewing capacity do not materialize.  See &#8220;Relationship with Pabst Northwest Brewing Company&#8221; included in Part I
Acquisitions subject us to various risks
 including risks relating to selection and pricing of acquisition targets
We have completed two acquisitions since 2008 and may pursue additional acquisitions or joint venture or investment opportunities. We cannot assure
 however
 that we will be able to identify or take advantage of such opportunities. If we do pursue such transactions
 we may not realize the anticipated benefits. Acquisitions involve many risks
 including risks relating to the assumption of unforeseen liabilities of an acquired business
 adverse accounting charges resulting from the acquisition
 and difficulties in integrating acquired companies into our business
 both from a cultural perspective
 as well as with respect to technological integration. Our inability to successfully integrate acquired businesses or manage joint ventures may lead to increased costs
 failure to generate expected returns
 or even a total loss of amounts invested
We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us. During periods when we experience stronger sales
 we may need to rely on kegs leased from A-B to address the additional demand. If shipments of draft beer increase
 we may experience a shortage of available kegs to fill sales orders. If we cannot meet our keg requirements through either lease or purchase
Kurt R. Widmer (&#8220;Kurt&#8221;) and Robert P. Widmer (&#8220;Rob&#8221;)
 the founders of Widmer Brothers Brewing Company
We are dependent on certain suppliers for key raw materials
Although we seek to maintain back-up and alternative suppliers for all key raw materials and production inputs
 we are reliant on certain third parties for key raw materials
 packaging materials and utilities. Any disruption in the willingness or ability of these third parties to supply these critical components could hinder our ability to continue production of our products
 which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition
Any change in
 or violation of
Our brewing operations are subject to environmental regulations and local permitting requirements and agreements regarding
 among other things
 air emissions
 water discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes. While we have no reason to believe the operation of our breweries violates any such regulation or requirement
 if such a violation were to occur
 or if environmental regulations were to become more stringent in the future
As noted above
 A&#8209;B has a significant ownership stake in us. In addition
 Kurt and Rob Widmer
 as well as another founder
&#32;million shares
 or 
 of our common stock. Collectively
&#32;of our equity. All of these shares are available for sale in the public market
 subject to volume
 manner of sale and other requirements under the Securities Act of 1933. Such sales in the public market
 or the perception that such sales may occur
We do not intend to pay and are limited in our ability to declare or pay dividends; accordingly
We do not anticipate paying cash dividends. Further
 under our loan agreement with BofA
 we are not permitted to declare or pay a dividend unless we meet certain financial covenants. As a result
The fair value of our intangible assets
 including goodwill
As a result of the acquisition of Kona Brewing Company
 we have recognized a significant increase in our total intangible assets
December&#160;31
 2016
&#32;in an assortment of intangible assets
 on a net basis
&#32;of our total assets. If any circumstances were to occur
 such as economic recession or other factors causing a reduction in consumer demand
 or for any other reason we were to experience a significant decrease in sales growth
 which had a negative impact on our estimated cash flows associated with these assets
 our analyses of these assets may conclude that a decrease in the fair value of these assets occurred. In that event
We own and operate four highly-automated
 small-batch production breweries: the Oregon Brewery
 the Washington Brewery
 the New Hampshire Brewery
 and the Hawaiian Brewery
 as well as two small
 innovation brewing systems in Portland
 Oregon and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire. We lease the sites upon which the Hawaiian Brewery and Brewpubs
 the New Hampshire Breweries and Brewpub
 the Portland Innovation Brewery
 and Oregon Brewpub are located
 in addition to our office space and warehouse locations in Portland
 Oregon for our corporate
 administrative and sales functions. In 2014
 we entered into a lease for space in Southern California for our national sales office
 which expires in 2019. In 2015
 we entered into a long-term land lease for the location of our new Kona brewery
 which expires in 2064
 and
 in 2016 we entered into a lease for our new Redhook pub in Seattle
 which expires in 2026. Certain of these leases are with related parties. See Notes 16 and 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
185
128
125
11
1
Construction is currently underway to increase the annual capacity of the Oregon brewery to 750
000 barrels and
 in 2016
 we  broke ground on a new 100
000 barrel brewery near our existing brewery and pub in Kona
In June 2014
 we initiated full-scale brewing with our brewing partner in Memphis
 Tennessee. This partnership provided us scalable capacity and we had the ability to produce up to 100
000 barrels at this location annually. In 2016
Substantially all of our personal property and fixtures
 as well as the real properties associated with the Oregon Brewery
 secure our loan agreement with BofA. See Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
We are involved
 from time to time
 in claims
 proceedings and litigation arising in the normal course of business. We believe that
 to the extent that any pending or threatened litigation involving us or our properties exists
 such litigation is not likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
See Note 19
 Subsequent Event, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found in Part II
 Item 8 of this Form 10-K
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Stock Market (&#8220;NASDAQ&#8221;) under the trading symbol BREW. The table below sets forth
 for the fiscal quarters indicated
 the reported high and low closing sale prices of our common stock
March&#160;10
We have not declared or paid any dividends during our existence. Under the terms of our loan agreement with BofA
 we are permitted to declare or pay dividends without BofA&#8217;s consent
 subject to limitations. We anticipate that
 for the foreseeable future
 all earnings will be retained for the operation and expansion of our business and that we will not pay cash dividends. The payment of dividends
 if any
 in the future
 will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 future earnings
 capital and operating requirements
 restrictions in future financing agreements
 our general financial condition
Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included in Part III
The following line-graph presentation compares cumulative five-year shareholder returns on an indexed basis
 assuming a $100 initial investment and reinvestment of dividends
 of (a) Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
Craft Brew Alliance
In thousands
Year Ended December 31
202
204
200
179
169
142
141
141
128
119
59
62
58
50
50
Selling
59
57
53
46
44
4
5
3
5
Interest expense and other income (expense)
3
5
3
4
1
2
1
1
2
3
1
2
19
19
19
18
18
19
19
19
19
18
December 31
2
5
15
10
8
5
5
202
190
178
170
165
1
1
Long-term debt and capital leases
27
18
13
11
12
21
20
19
18
17
119
118
115
111
108
Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (CBA) is the sixth largest craft brewing company in the U.S. and a leader in brewing
 branding
Our distinctive portfolio combines the power of Kona Brewing Company
 a fast-growing national craft beer brand
 with an expanding stable of strong regional breweries and innovative lifestyle brands
 including Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
 Omission Brewing Co.
 Redhook Brewery
 Square Mile Cider Co. and Widmer Brothers Brewing. We nurture the growth and development of our brands in today&#8217;s increasingly competitive beer market through our state-of-the-art brewing and distribution capability
 integrated sales and marketing infrastructure
 and strong focus on partnerships
CBA was formed in 2008 through the merger of Redhook Brewery and Widmer Brothers Brewing
 the two largest craft brewing pioneers in the Northwest at the time. Following a successful strategic brewing and distribution partnership
 Kona Brewing Co. joined CBA in 2008 and has become one of the fastest-growing craft brands in the U.S. As part of CBA
 Kona has expanded its reach across all 50 U.S. states and approximately 30 international markets
In addition to growing and nurturing distinctive brands steeped in local heritage
 Craft Brew Alliance is committed to developing innovative new category leaders
 such as Omission Beer
 which is the #1 beer in the gluten-free beer category and Square Mile Cider
As the craft beer market continues to grow and consumers increasingly demand local offerings
 Craft Brew Alliance has expanded its portfolio of brands and maximized its brewing footprint through strategic partnerships with emerging craft beer brands in targeted markets. In 2015
 we announced strategic partnerships with Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 based in Boone
 North Carolina; and Cisco Brewers
 based in Nantucket
 Massachusetts. Through this strategic partnership model
 we gain local relevance in select beer geographies
 while our partner breweries gain access to our world-class leadership and national brewing and sales infrastructure to grow their brands. In December 2016
 we announced a new strategic partnership with Wynwood Brewing Co.
Publicly traded on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol BREW
 Craft Brew Alliance is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon and operates breweries and brewpubs across the U.S. For more information about CBA and its brands
We proudly brew our craft beers in four company-owned breweries located in Portland
 Oregon; the Seattle suburb of Woodinville
 Washington; Portsmouth
 New Hampshire; and Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii; and one partner brewery in Memphis
 Tennessee. However
 in 2016
 we entered into a contract brewing agreement with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;)
 and are beginning the process of transitioning our current production volume out of Memphis into ABCS&#8217;s facilities. Additionally
 we own and operate two small innovation breweries
 primarily used for small batch production and limited-release brews
 in Portland
 Oregon and Portsmouth
We distribute our beers to retailers through wholesalers that are aligned with the A-B network. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B
 which extends through 2028. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers would own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. In 2016
 Kona
 Redhook and Widmer Brothers beers were distributed in all 50 states. Omission Beer continues to expand into new markets in the U.S. and internationally
 while Square Mile Cider is currently available in 13 states in the West. Separate from our A-B wholesalers
 we maintain an internal independent sales and marketing organization with resources across the key functions of brand management
 field marketing
 field sales
We operate in two segments: Beer Related operations and Brewpubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing
 and domestic and international sales
 of craft beers and ciders from our breweries. Brewpubs operations primarily include our five brewpubs
 four of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations
 as well as other merchandise sales
775
824
830
On January 8
 2016
 we entered into brewing agreements with Pabst Northwest Brewing Company (Pabst)
 a subsidiary of Pabst Brewing Company
 under which Pabst began brewing selected Rainier Brewing Company and other brands at our brewery in Woodinville
 Washington
 in the second quarter of 2016 under a licensing agreement. We are continuing to operate the Woodinville brewery and the adjacent Redhook Forecaster's brewpub under the agreements
 which expire on December 31
 2018. For additional information
 see Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 included in Part II
Agreements with Anheuser-Busch
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement (the &#8220;Brewing Agreement&#8221;) with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABCS will brew
 bottle and package up to 300
000 barrels of our mutually agreed products annually
 in facilities owned by ABCS within the United States
 for an initial term through December 31
On August 23
 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement (the &#8220;International Distribution Agreement&#8221;) with Anheuser-Busch Worldwide Investments
 LLC (&#8220;ABWI&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABWI will become our sole and exclusive distributor of our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
 and certain other limitations
 in each case as set forth in the International Distribution Agreement. Unless terminated sooner
 the International Distribution Agreement will continue in effect until December 31
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into Amendment No. 3 to the A-B Distributor Agreement. Pursuant to Amendment No. 3
 the A-B Distributor Agreement was extended through December 31
 2028 (the &#8220;Term&#8221;)
 and the existing margin fee structure of $0.25 per case-equivalent will apply throughout the Term. Without Amendment No. 3
 beginning on January 1
 2019
 a margin fee of $0.75 per case equivalent would have been payable by us under the A-B Distributor Agreement. Amendment No. 3 also provides that
 beginning on January 1
 2019
 we will reinvest an aggregate amount equal to $0.25 per case equivalent in sales and marketing efforts for our products
For additional information
 see Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 included in Part II
The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
Year Ended December 31
Selling
Other expense
Net sales
Year Ended December 31
173
28
202
55
3
59
176
27
204
58
3
62
173
26
200
55
3
58
Year Ended December 31
167
177
(9
19
13
5
(13
(14
1
173
176
(2
28
27
1
202
204
(1
Year Ended December 31
177
176
1
13
12
1
(14
(14
176
173
2
27
26
1
204
200
4
A-B and A-B related includes domestic and international sales of our owned brands sold through A-B and Ambev
 as well as non-owned brands sold pursuant to master distribution agreements
Beer related includes international beer sales not sold through A-B or Ambev
Year Ended December 31
693
753
(60
72
60
12
9
10
775
824
(48
Year Ended December 31
753
766
(13
60
52
7
10
10
824
830
(5
A-B and A-B related includes domestic and international shipments of our owned brands distributed through A-B and Ambev
&#32;was primarily due to a decrease in domestic shipments
 partially offset by increases in unit pricing. A primary cause of the decrease was due to a decrease in domestic shipments of the Redhook and Widmer Brothers brands as we concentrate on their home markets of Washington and Oregon
 respectively
 as well as decreases in shipments of our Omission brand. The decrease was partially offset by the continued successful focus on national distribution of Kona. During the first quarter of 2016
 we closed our largest and most efficient brewery
 located in Portland
 for approximately two weeks as we installed new equipment to further increase capacity and efficiency. This closure resulted in a temporary decrease of shipments across our brands in 2016 compared to 2015. We also experienced increased pressure from wholesalers who wanted to decrease their inventory levels at the end of 2016
&#32;was primarily due to a shift in package mix from draft to packaged
 which has a higher selling price per barrel than draft
 and price increases. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in shipments primarily due to reductions in our wholesaler inventory levels in the first quarter of 2015. During the same period of 2014
 wholesalers were building inventory levels in response to low levels at the end of 2013.
 and 
 primarily due to pricing increases and shifts in brand
 package and geographic mix. 
  
 we sold 
 
 respectively
&#32;was primarily due to contract brewing volume for Cisco Brewers beers
 as well as alternating proprietorship fees earned from Appalachian Mountain Brewing Company for leasing the Portsmouth Brewery
 which began during the first quarter of 2016
 an increase in international shipments of our beers
 which sell at a higher rate per barrel than contract brewing sales
 as we expanded into additional countries
&#32;of fees earned related to the international distribution agreement with ABWI
&#32;was primarily due to an increase in international shipments of our beers
 which sell at a higher rate per barrel than contract brewing sales
 as we expanded into additional countries
 as well as increased pricing on our contract brewing sales. The increase in contract brewing and beer related sales was partially offset by a decline in our contract brewing shipment volume.
 primarily as a result of higher guest counts at our Kona brewpub on the island of Oahu in Hawaii
 partially offset by decreases in guest counts at our Redhook brewpub in Woodinville
 Washington. The Hawaii brewpubs also have higher revenue per guest than the Redhook and Widmer Brothers brewpubs. The increase in Brewpubs sales at our Kona brewpub on Oahu in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the closure of the brewpub in the first quarter of 2015 for three weeks for a full remodel.
 primarily as a result of higher guest counts at both of our brewpubs in Hawaii. The Hawaii brewpubs also have higher revenue per guest than the Redhook and Widmer Brothers brewpubs
 which additionally experienced lower guest counts at the Portland and Woodinville locations. The increase in pub sales was partially offset by the closure of the Redhook Pub in Portsmouth
 New Hampshire for seven days due to inclement weather
 closure of our Kona Pub on the island of Oahu for three weeks for a full remodel in the first quarter of 2015
&#32;reflected the decrease in our Widmer Brothers and Redhook Brewery brands as we continue to reposition them in the marketplace
 as well as Omission
&#32;reflected the decrease in our Widmer Brothers and Redhook Brewery brands as we continue to reposition them in the marketplace
Year Ended December 31
397
352
45
148
175
(27
127
185
(58
42
51
(8
33
22
10
748
787
(38
Year Ended December 31
352
300
51
175
209
(33
185
202
(16
51
49
1
22
28
(6
787
790
(2
All other includes the shipments and depletions from our Square Mile and Resignation brand families
 as well as the non-owned Cisco Brewers and Appalachian Mountain Brewing brand families
&#32;was primarily due to increases in domestic and international shipments
&#32;was primarily due to increases in shipments of Big Wave Golden Ale and variety packs
 and the reintroduction of Pipeline Porter during the third quarter of 2015
&#32;was primarily due to a strategic decision to focus on the home market of Oregon
&#32;was primarily due to decreases in Hefeweizen draft
 Upheaval IPA and Alchemy Ale
&#32;was primarily due to a strategic decision to focus on the home market of Washington
&#32;was primarily due to decreases in our KCCO series
 a craft beer brand developed in partnership with theChive
 a photo entertainment website
&#32;was primarily due to the continued success of
 and demand for
&#32;was primarily due to increases in the shipment volumes related to our new distribution agreements with Cisco Brewers and Appalachian Mountain Brewing
&#32;was primarily due to a decrease in the shipment volume of our Resignation brand family
The following table sets forth a comparison of our shipments by package
Year Ended December 31
171
180
198
577
606
592
748
787
790
&#32;was primarily the result of our Kona brand family becoming a larger share of our overall shipments by brand family
 which is more heavily weighted to packaged sales
 and the growth of Omission
Cost of sales includes purchased raw materials
 direct labor
Year Ended December 31
117
117
24
24
142
141
Year Ended December 31
117
118
24
22
1
141
141
&#32;was primarily due to increases in brewery costs and distribution rates per barrel
 partially offset by decreases in shipment volume and component material costs on a per barrel basis. The brewery costs per barrel in 2016 increased as we continued to absorb several key strategic operational enhancements completed during the first quarter of 2016 and were also negatively impacted by the temporary closure of our largest-volume brewery in Portland to implement the enhancements
 which led to a decrease in brewing volume in the first quarter of 2016. 2016 was also negatively impacted by lower capacity utilization at the Woodinville brewery as production volume for owned brands was moved from Woodinville to Portland in anticipation of increased contract brewing volume in Woodinville. Contract brewing volume was lower than anticipated
Early in the fourth quarter of 2016
&#32;was primarily due to more favorable distribution costs per barrel
 decreases in our cost of component materials
 and the decrease in shipments discussed above. The decrease in Cost of sales was partially offset by an increase in brewery costs per barrel at our owned breweries and the mix shift from draft to packaged beers
Year Ended December 31
In June 2014
 we initiated full-scale brewing with our brewing partner in Memphis
 Tennessee. This partnership provided us scalable capacity and we had the ability to produce up to 100
000 barrels at this location annually. In 2016
Year Ended December 31
55
58
(2
3
3
59
62
(2
Year Ended December 31
58
55
3
3
3
62
58
3
Gross profit as a percentage of Net sales
 or gross margin rate
Year Ended December 31
&#32;was primarily due to the increase in brewery costs per barrel at our owned breweries as we temporarily closed our most efficient brewery in Portland
 Oregon in the first quarter of  2016
 higher distribution rates per barrel and a decrease in shipment volume
 partially offset by an increase in unit pricing
 decreased component materials costs
 fees earned from Pabst and ABWI
&#32;was primarily due to higher brewery and distribution costs per barrel
 partially offset by fees earned from Pabst and ABWI
 as well as improved unit pricing and lower component material costs per barrel. Beer Related gross margin was also negatively impacted by lower capacity utilization at the Woodinville brewery as production volume for owned brands was moved from Woodinville to Portland in anticipation of increased contract brewing volume in Woodinville. Contract brewing volume was lower than anticipated
&#32;were primarily due to higher guest counts at our Kona brewpub on the island of Oahu in Hawaii
 which has a higher revenue per guest than the Redhook and Widmer Brothers brewpubs
 and cost management achievements at both Kona brewpub locations
&#32;was due to favorable pricing increases
 lower distribution costs per barrel and decreases in our component materials costs
&#32;was primarily due to increases in pricing
 improved distribution costs per barrel and the decrease in component materials costs
 partially offset by higher brewery costs per barrel
&#32;was primarily due to the closures of two of our brewpubs
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) include compensation and related expenses for our sales and marketing activities
 management
Year Ended December 31
59
57
1
Year Ended December 31
57
53
4
932
 both in dollars and as a percentage of Net sales
 was primarily due to increases in expense related to brand marketing
 international support and emerging business
 partially offset by decreases in employment costs.
 both in dollars and as a percentage of Net sales
 was primarily due to planned increases in sales and marketing spending
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
27
18
12
&#32;was primarily due to an increase in our average debt outstanding. Our average debt outstanding increased as we have borrowed on our line of credit facility to support our expansion and growth plans
&#32;was primarily due to the increase in our average debt outstanding. Our average debt outstanding increased as we borrowed on our line of credit facility to support our expansion and growth plans
 and to fund our working capital needs.
 
 
 respectively. The effective income tax rates reflect the impact of non-deductible expenses (primarily meals and entertainment expenses)
 state and local taxes
 tax credits
We have required capital primarily for the construction and development of our production breweries
 to support our expansion and growth plans
 and to fund our working capital needs. Historically
 we have financed our capital requirements through cash flows from operations
 bank borrowings and the sale of common and preferred stock. We anticipate meeting our obligations for the twelve months beginning January 1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Year Ended December 31
7
11
9
(16
(16
(15
8
4
3
(1
745
 net non-cash expenses of 
Accounts receivable
 net
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2016
 primarily due to the $3.0 million international distribution agreement fee from ABWI
 as well as the $1.6 million contract brewing volume shortfall fee from Pabst. Historically
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
 primarily due to an increase in offsite raw materials
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
 primarily due to the timing of payments for capital projects
December&#160;31
 2016
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
$32
000
We anticipate that we will utilize the remaining NOLs and federal credit carry forwards in the near future and
 accordingly
 once utilized
December&#160;31
 2016
&#32;of expenditures recorded in Accounts payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
December&#160;31
. Beginning in 2015
 we are investing approximately $10 million in our Oregon Brewery to expand capacity with expected completion in the first half of 2017. Also beginning in 2015 through expected completion in 2019
&#32;primarily for capacity and efficiency improvements
 quality initiatives and restaurant and retail
We have a loan agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with Bank of America
 N.A.
&#32;revolving line of credit (&#8220;Line of Credit&#8221;)
 including provisions for cash borrowings and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
November&#160;30
September&#160;30
December&#160;31
 2016
Under the Loan Agreement
December&#160;31
 2016
Accrued interest for the Term Loan is due and payable monthly. Principal payments on the Term Loan are due monthly in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement
September&#160;30
December&#160;31
9
7
17
17
38
8
3
2
22
1
35
25
7
2
2
1
1
107
37
14
25
30
December&#160;31
. We pay that fixed rate less the Benchmark Rate
December&#160;31
See Notes 8 and 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Our financial statements are based upon the selection and application of significant accounting policies that require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of these policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Our estimates are based upon historical experience
 market trends and financial forecasts and projections
 and upon various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances at various points in time. Actual results may differ
 potentially significantly
We test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis
 or as indicators of impairment are present. We have an option to first assess certain qualitative factors for indications of impairment in order to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative
 two-step impairment test. If we choose not to first perform the qualitative test
 or we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount
Our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions in the qualitative assessment of relevant events and circumstances and to estimate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets
 including estimating future cash flows. These calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and apply judgment to estimate economic factors and the profitability of future business operations and
 if necessary
 the fair value of a reporting unit&#8217;s assets and liabilities. Further
 our ability to realize the future cash flows used in our fair value calculations is affected by changes in such factors as economic conditions
 our operating performance
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to test for impairment losses on goodwill. Based on the results of our annual impairment test for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets
 no impairment was recorded. We believe
 based on our assessment discussed above
 that our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not at risk of impairment. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions or there are significant changes in any of these estimates
 projections or assumptions
 the fair value of these assets in future measurement periods could be materially affected
We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us and are reflected as a component of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 we collect a refundable deposit
 reflected as a current liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. When a wholesaler cannot account for some of our kegs for which it is responsible
 it pays us a fixed fee and forfeits its deposit for each keg determined to be lost. We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the similarities between kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively low deposit collected on each keg when compared with the market value of the keg. We believe that this is an industry-wide issue and our loss experience is typical of the industry. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 A-B records
 other third-party records
We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
Deferred tax assets arise from the tax benefit of amounts expensed for financial reporting purposes but not yet deducted for tax purposes and from unutilized tax credits and net operating loss carry forwards. We evaluate our deferred tax assets on a regular basis to determine if a valuation allowance is required. To the extent it is determined the recoverability of the deferred tax assets is not more likely than not
 we will record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. If we are unable to generate adequate taxable income in future periods or our assessment that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will be realized is otherwise not accurate
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenue or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
See Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
We have assessed our vulnerability to certain market risks
 including interest rate risk associated with financial instruments included in Cash and cash equivalents and Long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 on January 23
 2014
 we entered into an $8.0 million notional amount interest rate swap agreement
 which expires September 29
 2023
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings on our term loan. On November 25
 2015
 we entered into a $9.1 million notional amount interest rate swap agreement effective January 4
 2016
 which expires January 1
 2019
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings on our line of credit. The notional amount fluctuates based on a predefined schedule based on our anticipated borrowings.  Since the interest rate swaps hedge the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 they qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. These interest rate swaps hedge 75% of our total term loan and line of credit outstanding
December&#160;31
 2016
&#32;on our line of credit. A 10% increase or decrease in the interest rate on our variable-rate debt would not have a material effect on our financial position
Due to the nature of our highly liquid Cash and cash equivalents
December&#160;31
2016 (In thousands
39
62
55
45
30
41
38
32
8
20
16
13
Selling
13
16
15
12
(5
3
1
Interest expense and Other expense
(5
3
(2
1
(3
2
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
2015 (In thousands
41
58
54
49
30
39
37
33
11
18
16
15
Selling
12
16
15
13
(1
2
1
2
Interest expense and Other expense
(1
2
1
2
(1
1
1
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
During the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2016
 we determined that we had incorrectly (i) accounted for certain fees payable to us by A-B in connection with the International Distribution Agreement
 (ii) classified reimbursements for Selling
 general and administrative costs as revenue
 and (iii) accounted for a severance benefit that had no future obligation on the part of the former employee. Based on our analysis of quantitative and qualitative factors
 we believe the errors are immaterial to prior periods. Accordingly
 the following adjustments were made to our fourth quarter results: a reduction to Net sales and gross profit of $1.3 million and a reduction to Selling
 general and administrative expenses of $0.6 million
Craft Brew Alliance
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2016
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 shareholders&#8217; equity
December&#160;31
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2016
December&#160;31
 2016
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2016
&#32;(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
March&#160;16
 2017
Seattle
March&#160;16
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
(Dollars in thousands
December 31
Accounts receivable
24
18
Inventory
19
18
Deferred income tax asset
2
1
2
2
48
42
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
121
116
12
12
Intangible and other assets
19
18
202
190
16
17
Accrued salaries
4
5
6
6
4
2
1
32
31
Long-term debt and capital lease obligations
27
18
Deferred income tax liability
20
19
1
82
71
Common stock
 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 19
261
245 and 19
179
140
139
(20
(20
119
118
202
190
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
(In thousands
Year Ended December 31
215
218
214
13
14
14
202
204
200
142
141
141
59
62
58
Selling
59
57
53
4
5
Other income (expense)
3
5
1
2
2
3
19
19
19
19
19
19
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Year Ended December 31
2
3
Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative hedge transactions
2
2
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Balance at December 31
18
136
(25
111
Stock-based compensation
Unrealized losses on derivative financial instruments
3
3
Balance at December 31
19
138
(22
115
Issuance of shares under stock plans
Stock-based compensation
1
1
Unrealized losses on derivative financial instruments
2
2
Balance at December 31
19
139
(20
118
Issuance of shares under stock plans
Stock-based compensation
1
1
Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments
Balance at December 31
19
140
(20
119
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Year Ended December 31
2
3
10
9
8
Loss on sale or disposal of Property
1
1
Accounts receivable
(5
(7
(1
1
(2
1
(1
1
3
Accrued salaries
(2
7
11
9
Expenditures for Property
(15
(15
(15
Proceeds from sale of Property
(16
(16
(15
(1
9
5
3
8
4
3
(1
2
Cash paid for income taxes
1
Purchases of Property
1
Purchases of Property
1
Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. was formed in 1981 to brew and sell craft beer. We produce
 sell and market
 on a national basis
 innovative packaged and draft products for the Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
&#32;brewpubs that promote our products
&#32;states to retailers through wholesalers that are aligned with the Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;) network. A-B is a significant shareholder. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B
 which
 as amended in August 2016
 expires in 2028. In August 2016
Under the present terms of the A&#8209;B Distributor Agreement
 we distribute our products in substantially all of our markets through A&#8209;B&#8217;s seamless national and international wholesale distributor networks. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. A-B&#8217;s domestic wholesaler network consists primarily of independent wholesalers
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2016
Under our cash management system
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables due from wholesalers and A-B for beer and promotional product sales. Because of state liquor laws and each wholesaler&#8217;s agreement with A-B
 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
25
December&#160;31
 2016
Inventories
 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&#8217;s carrying value
Property
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
Depreciation and amortization of property
Furniture
We evaluate potential impairment of long-lived assets when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were no impairments recorded during 
Goodwill is not amortized but rather is reviewed for impairment at least annually
 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit&#8217;s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 we then perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. Under the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 and
 if an indication of goodwill impairment exists in the reporting unit
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. Under step two
 an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill as determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value
Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired
We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us and are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability
 Refundable deposits
 in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A&#8209;B
December&#160;31
 2016
 respectively
 in Refundable deposits on kegs and 
 respectively
 in keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 included as a component of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of Accounts receivable. While wholesalers and A-B account for substantially all Accounts receivable
 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers
We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
&#32;barrels of beer per calendar year
60
&#32;barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
60
&#32;barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
We account for tax assessed by a governmental authority that is directly imposed on a revenue-producing transaction (i.e.
 sales
 use
Advertising costs
 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
December&#160;31
 2016
 
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $
 $
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
Advertising expenses frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling
The estimated fair value of stock-based awards is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the award
The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence
We are a party to legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. We accrue for certain legal costs
 including attorney fees
 and potential settlement claims related to various legal proceedings that are estimable and probable. If not estimable and probable
 legal costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Selling
Deferred income taxes are established for the difference between the financial reporting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
December&#160;31
 2016
Our chief operating decision maker monitors Net sales and gross margins of our Beer Related operations and our Brewpubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing operations and related domestic and international beer and cider sales of our Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and Omission beer brands and Square Mile cider brand. Brewpubs operations primarily include our brewpubs
In January 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-04
  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) - Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. ASU 2017-04 simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. An entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 and recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value
 if applicable. The loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The same impairment test also applies to any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. ASU 2017-04 is effective for fiscal years
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019
 on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed after January 1
 2017. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2017-04 to have a material effect on our financial position
In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 addresses eight specific cash flow issues and how they should be reported on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-15 to have a material effect on our financial position
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326). ASU 2016-13 addresses accounting for credit losses for assets that are not measured at fair value through net income on a recurring basis. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 with early adoption permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-13 to have a material effect on our financial position
In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 Compensation - Stock Compensation - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 simplifies the accounting for several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The early adoption of ASU 2016-09 in the second quarter of 2016 did not have a material effect on our financial position
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requires disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We are still evaluating any potential impact that adoption of ASU 2016-02 may have on our financial position
In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 &#8220;Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10).&#8221; ASU 2016-01 enhances the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information by addressing certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments simplify certain requirements and also reduce diversity in current practice for other requirements. ASU 2016-01 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Except for the early application guidance specifically allowed in ASU 2016-01
 early adoption is not permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-01 to have a material effect on our financial position
In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 &#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.&#8221; ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes
 and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position and aligns the presentation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities with International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-17 to have a material effect on our financial position
In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-15
 &#8220;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30).&#8221; ASU 2015-15 provides guidance as to the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line of credit arrangements. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. The amendments are to be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented is adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. The adoption of ASU 2015-15 did not have a material effect on our financial position
ASU 2014-09
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&#8221; ASU 2014-09
 as amended
 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). ASU 2014-09
 as amended
 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. We are still evaluating but do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-09 to have a material effect on our financial position
In April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. ASU 2016-10 clarifies aspects of Topic 606 related to identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance
 while retaining the related core principles for those areas. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-10 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606 (ASU 2014-09). We are still evaluating but do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-10 to have a material effect on our financial position
In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. ASU 2016-12 clarifies aspects of Topic 606 related to the guidance on assessing collectibility
 presentation of sales taxes
 non-cash consideration
 and completed contracts and contract modifications. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-12 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606 (ASU 2014-09). We are still evaluating but do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-12 to have a material effect on our financial position
December 31
6
5
2
3
6
6
1
1
Pub food
19
18
December 31
1
1
2
2
Note 6. Property
Property
December 31
113
104
56
56
7
7
Furniture
19
16
9
8
11
9
218
203
(96
(86
121
116
December&#160;31
 2016
December 31
14
14
2
2
(1
(1
1
Intangible assets
16
16
1
2
Intangible and other assets
19
18
Year Ended December 31
1
December 31
Term loan
 due September 30
9
10
Line of credit
 due November 30
17
8
1
29
19
(1
27
18
December&#160;31
17
7
9
17
1
1
We have a loan agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with Bank of America
 N.A. (BofA)
&#32;revolving line of credit (&#8220;Line of Credit&#8221;)
&#32;notional amount of letters of credit
November&#160;30
September&#160;30
December&#160;31
 2016
Under the Loan Agreement
December&#160;31
 2016
Under the Loan Agreement
 a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
December&#160;31
 2016
Year Ended December 31

December&#160;31
&#32;to 1 on January 1
&#32;to 1 on January 1
The Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of our personal property and fixtures and by our Oregon brewery. In addition
 we are permitted to declare or pay dividends
 repurchase outstanding common stock or incur additional debt
We assumed an obligation for three promissory notes signed in connection with the acquisition of commercial real estate related to our Portland
&#32;individuals
&#32;per annum through June 30
 2010
&#32;per annum as a result of a one-time adjustment reflecting the change in the consumer price index from the date of issue
 July 1
 2005
 to July 1
. Each note matured on July 1
 2015 and
 accordingly
&#32;amounts were outstanding at December 31
 2016 or December 31
In connection with the acquisition of Kona Brewing Company (&#8220;KBC&#8221;)
 we assumed an obligation for a promissory note payable (&#8220;Related Party Note&#8221;) to a counterparty that was a significant KBC shareholder and remains a shareholder of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. The Related Party Note was secured by the equipment comprising a photovoltaic cell generation system (&#8220;photovoltaic system&#8221;) installed at our brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. Accrued interest on the Related Party Note was due and payable monthly at a fixed interest rate of 
$16
. Any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under the Related Party Note was due and payable on November 15
 2014. Accordingly
December&#160;31
&#32;and 2015
Our risk management objectives are to ensure that business and financial exposures to risk that have been identified and measured are minimized using the most effective and efficient methods to reduce
 transfer and
 when possible
We have assessed our vulnerability to certain business and financial risks
 including interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 effective January 23
 2014
&#32;of the Term Loan balance
September&#160;30
December&#160;31
. Through this swap agreement
&#32;and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
December&#160;31
On November 25
 2015
&#32;notional amount interest rate swap agreement effective January 4
 2016
January 1
 2019
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings on our line of credit. The notional amount fluctuates based on a predefined schedule based on our anticipated borrowings.  Through this swap agreement
&#32;and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
December&#160;31
. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
December&#160;31
 2016
$424
000
December 31
December 31
Level 2 &#8211; other significant directly or indirectly observable inputs
 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates
Level 3 &#8211; significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources
Fair Value at December 31
Fair Value at December 31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
We believe the carrying amounts of Cash and cash equivalents
 Accounts receivable
 Other current assets
 Accounts payable
 Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes
December 31
We calculate the estimated fair value of our fixed-rate debt using a discounted cash flow methodology. Using estimated current interest rates based on a similar risk profile and duration (Level 2)
Net sales
173
28
202
55
3
59
176
27
204
58
3
62
173
26
200
55
3
58
The segments use many of the same assets. For internal reporting purposes
 we do not allocate assets by segment and
 therefore
In preparing this financial information
 certain expenses were allocated between the segments based on management estimates
 while others were based on specific factors such as headcount. These factors can have a significant impact on the amount of Gross profit for each segment. While we believe we have applied a reasonable methodology
Year Ended December 31
December 31
We maintain several stock incentive plans under which stock-based awards are
 or have been
 granted to employees and non-employee directors. We issue new shares of common stock upon exercise or settlement of the stock-based awards. All of our stock plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 which determines the grantees
 the number of shares of common stock for which awards may be exercised or settled and the exercise or grant prices of such shares
With the approval of the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2014 Plan&#8221;) in May 2014
 no further grants of stock-based awards may be made under our 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2010 Plan&#8221;). However
until all outstanding awards are exercised
The 2014 Plan provides for grants of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units (RSUs)
 performance awards and stock appreciation rights
 as well as other stock-based awards. While incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
 awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees
1
000
December&#160;31
 2016
420
Certain information regarding our stock-based compensation was as follows (in thousands
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
Selling
1
1
1
1
We amortize stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the individual awards
 which is the requisite service period
December&#160;31
 2016
 we had total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of 
Year Ended December 31
December&#160;31
Outstanding at December 31
370
141
(21
(49
Outstanding at December 31
440
December&#160;31
440
136
3
113
944
During 2016
52
March&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
For the 2011 grant
&#32;of the target number of performance shares were earned in 2014 and
 for the 2012 grant
&#32;of the target number of performance shares were earned in 2015. No shares were earned for the 2013 grant and we do not expect any shares to be earned pursuant to the 2014 grant due to failure to meet the specified performance goals. Awards
 if earned
December&#160;31
Awards expected to vest as of January 1
143
122
(12
(64
Awards expected to vest as of December 31
189
On the date of our Annual Meeting of Shareholders
$40
000
$67
4
&#32;non-employee directors
8
&#32;shares
37
&#32;shares. In April and  December 2016
11
3
&#32;shares
 respectively
$231
000
Year Ended December 31
19
19
19
19
19
19
Year Ended December 31
1
1
1
2
Year Ended December 31
1
1
State taxes
Permanent differences
1
2
December 31
1
1
1
1
3
2
Property
(15
(14
(6
(6
(21
(20
(18
(17
December&#160;31
 2016
State NOLs
In assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 we consider future taxable income expected to be generated by the projected differences between financial statement depreciation and tax depreciation
 cumulative earnings generated to date and other evidence available to us. Based upon this consideration
 we assessed that all of our deferred taxes are more likely than not to be realized
 and
 as such
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Our major tax jurisdictions include U.S. federal and various U.S. states. Tax years that remain open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) include the years from 2012 through 2015. Tax years remaining open in states where we have a significant presence range from 2011 to 2015. In addition
&#32;years or older. Employee contributions may be made on a before-tax basis
December&#160;31
 2016
 
 we matched 
 
$198
000
$17
$165
000
 respectively
 of previously forfeited matching contributions to fund current matching contributions
Year Ended December 31
We are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not currently party to any claims or legal proceedings that management believes are reasonably probable to have a material adverse effect on our financial position
We lease office space
 restaurant and production facilities
 warehouse and storage space
 land and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2064. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require us to pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property. Under the terms of the land lease for our New Hampshire Brewery
December&#160;31
8
1
1
1
1
22
38
Rent expense under all operating leases
 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases
 gross
Year Ended December 31
2
2
2
-year lease that began in February 2011. In December 2014
 the lease agreement was amended to extend the lease through 2025
$150
. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
Year Ended December 31
December&#160;31
1
3
We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
&#32;limited liability companies
 both of whose members include our former Board Chair
 who is also a significant shareholder
 and his brother
Year Ended December 31
The lease for the headquarters office space and restaurant facility expires in 2034
-year periods
 while the lease for the other facilities
&#32;or the fair market value of the property as determined by a contractually established appraisal method. The right to purchase is not valid in the final year of the lease term or in each of the final years of the renewal terms
We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 
Year Ended December 31
All lease terms are considered to be arm&#8217;s-length. In December 2015
 related to the execution of the long-term land lease with an unrelated third party for our new Kona brewery
$100
We periodically enter into commitments to purchase certain raw materials in the normal course of business. Furthermore
 we have entered into purchase commitments and commodity contracts to ensure we have the necessary supply of malt and hops to meet future production requirements. Certain of the malt and hop commitments are for crop years through 2021. We believe that malt and hop commitments in excess of future requirements
 if any
 will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may take delivery of the commodities in excess of our requirements or make payments against the purchase commitments earlier than contractually obligated
In certain cases
 we have executed agreements with selected vendors to source our requirements for specific malt and hop varieties for the years ending December 31
 2017
 2018
 2019
 2020 and 2021; however
 either the quantity to be delivered or the full price for the commodity has not been established at the present time. To the extent the commitment is not measurable or has not been fixed
We have entered into multi-year sponsorship and promotional commitments with certain professional sports teams and entertainment companies. Generally
 in exchange for our sponsorship consideration
 we post signage and provide other promotional materials at the site or the event. The terms of these sponsorship commitments expire at various dates through December 31
December&#160;31
25
1
26
5
5
2
2
1
1
35
2
37
For additional related party transactions
December&#160;31
 2016
 A-B owned approximately 
 respectively
Transactions with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;)
 Ambev and Anheuser-Busch Worldwide Investments
In December 2015
 we partnered with Ambev
 the Brazilian subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA
 to distribute Kona beers into Brazil. In August 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement with ABWI
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABWI will distribute our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
 and certain other limitations summarized in International Distribution Agreement below. Transactions with A-B
Year Ended December 31
168
179
178
1
Margin fee paid to A-B
2
2
2
Inventory management and other fees paid to A-B
Media reimbursement from A-B
 classified as a reduction of Selling
December 31
12
12
3
(2
(2
(1
(1
12
8
Agreements with Anheuser-Busch
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement (the &#8220;Brewing Agreement&#8221;) with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABCS will brew
300
&#32;barrels of our mutually agreed products annually
 in facilities owned by ABCS within the United States
 for an initial term through December 31
 2026. Under the terms of the Brewing Agreement
 we will share equally in any cost savings arising from the Brewing Agreement
&#32;per barrel on an aggregate basis
 following certain adjustments
The Brewing Agreement provides specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the Brewing Agreement if (i) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the Brewing Agreement
 subject to certain cure rights
 (ii) the International Distribution Agreement (as defined below) is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof or (iii) subject to certain conditions
In addition
&#32;days&#8217; prior written notice to us following (i) a change of control event (as defined below) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; (as defined below)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
&#32;days following receipt of a qualifying offer
Under the terms of each of the Brewing Agreement
 the International Distribution Agreement
 the Master Distributor Agreement and the Recapitalization Agreement (as defined below) (collectively
 the &#8220;Commercial Arrangements&#8221;)
 a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; is defined to include any offer made by ABCS or an affiliate thereof
 for the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock not owned by ABCS or its affiliates
 on customary terms and conditions for a transaction of the type proposed by ABCS or its affiliate
 in each case
&#32;per share of our common stock if the offer is made on or prior to August 23
 2017
&#32;per share of our common stock if the offer is made during the period beginning August 24
 2017 through August 23
&#32;per share of our common stock if the offer is made on or after August 24
 2018. A &#8220;change of control event&#8221; includes
 with certain exceptions
 (i) the acquisition by a person or group of beneficial ownership on a fully diluted basis of 50% or more of our equity securities (or the equity securities of the surviving entity in any merger
 consolidation
 share exchange or other business combination involving us)
 (ii) a change in the composition of our board of directors during any consecutive 12-month period such that the incumbent directors cease to constitute at least a majority of the board of directors
 or (iii) the completion of a sale
 lease
 exchange
On August 23
 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement (the &#8220;International Distribution Agreement&#8221;) with ABWI pursuant to which ABWI will be the sole and exclusive distributor of our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
 and certain other limitations
 in each case as set forth in the International Distribution Agreement. Under the International Distribution Agreement
 following delivery of notice to us
Under the terms of the International Distribution Agreement
 with respect to our exported products produced by us
 ABWI will pay us our costs of production plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses relating to export shipment costs. Additionally
 ABWI will pay us an international royalty fee based on volume of our products sold by ABWI
&#32;per barrel
 depending on certain factors described in the International Distribution Agreement
 which royalty fee will be subject to escalation annually
 beginning in calendar year 2018
 on the terms described in the International Distribution Agreement. For calendar year 2016
 2017 and 2018
 ABWI will also pay us one-time fees of 
 
-year contract term
The International Distribution Agreement contains specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the International Distribution Agreement if (a) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the International Distribution Agreement
specified provisions thereof. In addition
&#32;days&#8217; prior written notice to us following (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; (as defined above) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; (as defined above)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
&#32;days following receipt of a qualifying offer
 with certain exceptions (each of the foregoing subclauses (x) through (z)
 a &#8220;qualifying offer lapse&#8221;). Following termination of the International Distribution Agreement due to a qualifying offer lapse
 or any change of control event
 ABWI shall have the right to purchase the international distribution rights for each of our brands then being distributed under the International Distribution Agreement at the fair market value of such rights
 and on otherwise customary terms and conditions
Under the International Distribution Agreement
&#32;payment to us on August 23
-year contract term. However
 ABWI will not (subject to compliance with certain notice requirements) be obligated to make such one-time payment if
 prior to that date
 (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; occurs or a definitive agreement for a transaction constituting a change of control event is entered into
 (ii) ABWI (or an affiliate thereof) makes a qualifying offer and there is a qualifying offer lapse or (iii) we enter into a definitive agreement with ABWI (or an affiliate thereof) with respect to a qualifying offer but such agreement is subsequently terminated
&#32;shall remain payable). Unless terminated sooner
 the International Distribution Agreement will continue in effect until December 31
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into Amendment No. 3 (&#8220;Amendment No. 3&#8221;) to the Amended and Restated Master Distributor Agreement with A-B
 dated as of May 1
 2011
 as amended
 between us and A-B (the &#8220;Master Distributor Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to Amendment No. 3
 A-B and we agreed to extend the Master Distributor Agreement through December 31
 2028 (the &#8220;Term&#8221;)
&#32;per case-equivalent in the Master Distributor Agreement through the Term. Without Amendment No. 3
 beginning on January 1
 2019
&#32;per case equivalent would have been payable by us under the Master Distributor Agreement. Amendment No. 3 also provides that
 beginning on January 1
 2019
&#32;per case equivalent in sales and marketing efforts for our products
Pursuant to Amendment No. 3
 A-B will have the ability to deliver a revocation notice and reinstitute the terms of the Master Distributor Agreement as they existed prior to Amendment No. 3 following (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; (as defined above) that occurs prior to the third anniversary of Amendment No. 3 or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to the third anniversary of Amendment No. 3 and is subsequently consummated or (ii) the earliest of (a) our rejection of a qualifying offer (as defined above)
 (b) the consummation of a transaction underlying a qualifying offer
&#32;days following the receipt of a qualifying offer by us
 if A-B (or an affiliate thereof) and we are unable to enter into a definitive agreement with respect thereto
 notwithstanding A-B&#8217;s (or its affiliate&#8217;s) and our good faith and reasonable efforts to negotiate such a definitive agreement
On January 8
 2016
 we entered into brewing agreements  (the brewing agreements) with Pabst Northwest Brewing Company (Pabst)
 a subsidiary of Pabst Brewing Company
 under which Pabst has the ability to brew selected Rainier Brewing Company and other brands at our brewery in Woodinville
 Washington under a license agreement. The brewing agreements expire on December 31
 2018. During 2016
In conjunction with the brewing agreements
 we granted Pabst an option to purchase the Woodinville brewery and adjacent pub
 as well as related assets (together
 the Property)
&#32;if Pabst exercises the option during the first year of the agreement (which has elapsed)
&#32;if exercise occurs during the second year of the agreement
&#32;if Pabst exercises the option during the third year of the agreement and on or before the close of business on December 31
 2018. Under the option agreement
 Pabst conducted an additional diligence review of environmental and title issues relating to the Property
 and
 upon completion
 did not exercise its right to terminate either the brewery agreements or the option agreement. If Pabst does not exercise its option to purchase the Property
On February&#160;28
 2017 and March 6
 2017
 respectively
&#32;lawsuits
 Sara Cilloni and Simone Zimmer v. Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 and Theodore Broomfield v. Kona Brewing Co. LLC
 Kona Brew Enterprises
 LLP
 Kona Brewery LLC
 and Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
Our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
 disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.While reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance
 it does not mean absolute assurance. Disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all errors
 misstatements or fraud. In addition
 the design of a control system must recognize that there are resource constraints
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
 issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
December&#160;31
. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that we have a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting due to the lack of personnel with adequate knowledge of the design
 operation and documentation of internal controls over non-routine transactions; and ineffective management review over the accounting for non-routine transactions
 including accounting for revenue.  The material weakness described above resulted in incorrectly accounting for several complex
 non-routine transactions during 2016
 including transactions related to revenue recognition. Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act defines a material weakness as a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of the material weakness
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
December&#160;31
 2016
 the end of the period covered by this report
Management has developed a remediation plan in response to the material weakness identified
revising the design of existing controls
 and designing and implementing additional key controls related to identifying and accounting for non-routine transactions
 which include protocols for engaging third-party accounting experts
 where necessary;
 no changes in our internal control over financial reporting were identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Moss Adams LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
December&#160;31
 2016
 as stated in their report
Craft Brew Alliance
We have audited Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2016
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
A material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company&#8217;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness related to an ineffective control environment
 specifically personnel with inadequate knowledge of the design
 operation and documentation of internal controls over non-routine transactions; and ineffective management review over the accounting for non-routine transactions
 including accounting for revenue
We considered the material weakness in determining the nature
 timing
December&#160;31
 2016
In our opinion
 because of the effect of the material weakness identified above on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria
 Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2016
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2016
 and the consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 shareholders&#8217; equity
December&#160;31
 2016
March&#160;16
 2017
Seattle
March&#160;16
&#32;Directors
&#32;Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 17
&#32;Proxy Statement&#8221;) under the captions &#8220;Board of Directors &#8211; Nominees for Director
&#8221; &#8220;Board of Directors &#8211; Committees of the Board &#8211; Audit Committee
&#8221; &#8220;Executive Officers
&#8221; and &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
We adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics (the &#8220;Code&#8221;) applicable to all employees
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer and directors. The Code and the charters of each of the Board committees are posted on our website at www.craftbrew.com (select Investor Relations &#8212; Governance &#8212; Highlights). Copies of these documents are available to any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be directed to Investor Relations
 Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 929 N. Russell Street
 Portland
&#32;Proxy Statement under the captions &#8220;Compensation Committee Report
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis
&#8221; &#8220;Executive Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Employment Agreements and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control
December&#160;31
&#32;of all of our plans that provide for the issuance of equity securities as compensation. See Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II
outstanding options
outstanding options
682
420
682
420
189
&#32;performance shares that may vest between April 1
&#32;and March 31
 
 based on the expected levels of achievement of financial targets over two separate performance periods
52
&#32;Proxy Statement under the caption &#8220;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
&#32;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Report of Moss Adams LLP
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2016
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31
 2016
Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders&#8217; Equity for the Years Ended December 31
 2016
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2016
Exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index that appears immediately following the signature page of this report and is incorporated herein by reference
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 in Portland
 Oregon
March&#160;16
Craft Brew Alliance
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated
March&#160;16
John D. Rogers
Andrew J. Thomas
Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant
 dated January 2
 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant
 dated December 1
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 filed on April 1
Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Executive Officer Grants) for the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for Executive Officers  for the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27
Form of Nonqualified Option Agreement for the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for Executive Officers for the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Transition and Separation Agreement between the Registrant and Mark D. Moreland
 dated October 31
 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5
Letter of Agreement between the Registrant and Robert Widmer dated May 26
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Andrew J. Thomas
 dated July 1
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and J. Scott Mennen
 dated July 5
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and John W. Glick
 dated July 5
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Kenneth C. Kunze
 dated July 1. 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Joseph K. Vanderstelt
 dated June 29
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Separation Agreement between Kurt D. Widmer and the Registrant dated as of February 24
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Letter of Confidentiality/Proprietary Information and Noncompetition Agreement between the Registrant and Joseph K. Vanderstelt dated April 27
 2015 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Summary of Compensation Arrangements for Non-Employee Directors as of January 1
Annual Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22
Sublease between Pease Development Authority as Sublessor and the Registrant as Sublessee
 dated May 30
 1995 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated November 30
 2015
 among the Registrant
 its subsidiaries
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3
Amended and Restated Security Agreement
 dated November 30
 2015
 among the Registrant
 its subsidiaries
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3
Amended and Restated Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty
 dated November 30
 2015
 among the Registrant
 its subsidiaries
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3
Amended and Restated Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement dated as of May 1
 2011 between the Registrant and Anheuser-Busch
as successor in interest to Anheuser-Busch
 Incorporated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4
Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement
 dated August 23
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and A-B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24
Amended and Restated Master Distributor Agreement dated as of May 1
 2011 between the Registrant and A-B (the &#8220;A-B Master Distributor Agreement&#8221;) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4
Amendment to A-B Master Distributor Agreement dated May 11
 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9
Amendment to A-B Master Distributor Agreement dated November 20
 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amendment No. 3 to the A-B Master Distributor Agreement
 dated August 23
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24
Contract Brewing Agreement
 dated August 23
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24
International Distribution Agreement
 dated August 23
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Anheuser-Busch Worldwide Investments
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24
Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 1
 2004 between the Registrant and A&#8209;B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2
Master Lease Agreement dated as of June 6
 2007 between Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital
 LLC and Widmer Brothers Brewing Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4
 No. 333-149908 filed on May 2
Amended and Restated License Agreement dated as of February 28
 1997 between Widmer Brothers Brewing Company and Widmer&#8217;s Wine Cellars
 Inc. and Canandaigua Wine Company
Restated Lease dated as of January 1
 1994 between Smithson &amp; McKay Limited Liability Company and Widmer Brothers Brewing Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
Commercial Lease (Restated) dated as of December 18
Sublease dated as of September 1
 2010 between Manini Holdings
 LLC and Kona Brewing Co.
 LLC. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amended and Restated Continental Distribution and Licensing Agreement between the Registrant and Kona Brewery LLC dated March 26
 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
Sublease dated as of March 31
 2011 between Manini Holdings
 LLC and Kona Brewing Co.
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant&#8217;s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 filed on April 22
Option and Agreement of Purchase and Sale dated as of January 8
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Pabst Northwest Brewing Company
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 filed on April 1
Consent of Moss Adams LLP
Power of Attorney &#8211; Directors of Craft Brew Alliance
Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Craft Brew Alliance
Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Craft Brew Alliance
Certification of Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Press Release dated March 16
Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012 filed on March 12
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to portions of this exhibit. A complete copy of the agreement
 including the redacted terms
 has been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.














		


&#32;(this Agreement) is entered into effective as of May 18
 2016 (the Grant Date)
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.
 a Washington corporation (the Company)
NOW
 THEREFORE
&#32;The Restricted Stock Units are initially unvested and
 if not previously forfeited
 will become fully vested and non-forfeitable on March 31
The Participant's rights in the Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited
 the Award will be canceled
 and the Participant will not receive any payment with respect to the Award
.  Any compensation paid to the Participant under this Award is subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy of the Company in effect from time to time
 including any such policy adopted after the date of this Agreement
 as well as any similar requirement of applicable law
 including without limitation the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 and rules adopted by a governmental agency or applicable securities exchange under any such law. The Participant agrees to promptly repay or return any such compensation as directed by the Company under any such clawback policy or requirement
&#32;&#32;Capitalization adjustments to the Restricted Stock Units
 if any
&#32;Prior to the issuance of Shares in settlement of the Award
Participant must satisfy all federal
 state and local tax withholding obligations relating to the settlement of the Award.  The Participant may
notice to the Company which complies with any applicable timing restrictions imposed pursuant to Rule&#160;16b-3 under the Exchange Act
 elect to have withholding taxes satisfied by withholding Shares from the Shares otherwise issuable to the Participant in settlement of the Award; provided that the Committee may rescind this right by notice to the Participant not less than three months prior to the Vesting Date.  In no event will the amount withheld exceed the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law in connection with settlement of the Award. To the extent Participant does not otherwise satisfy such withholding obligations
 the Company is authorized to require the Participant to remit to the Company
 or to withhold from the Participant's other compensation
&#32;&#32;This Agreement
 together with the Plan
 constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and the Participant regarding the subject matter hereof.  Except as permitted by the Plan
 no amendment of the Award or this Agreement
 or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Plan
 shall be valid unless in writing and duly executed by the Company and the Participant.  The failure of any party to enforce any of that party's rights against the other party for breach of any of the terms of this Agreement or the Plan shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights as to any continued or subsequent breach.  This Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and his or her heirs
 successors and assigns.
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.














		


As of January&#160;1
 2017
Effective immediately before the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 each non-employee director will receive an annual grant of shares of our common stock with a fair value of $45
000
 other than the Chairman of the Board
 who will receive an annual stock grant with a fair value of $67
Each non-employee director receives an annual cash retainer of $40
000
 other than the Chairman of the Board
 who receives an annual cash retainer of $60
000
Cash compensation for participation on Board committees is also paid quarterly. The Chair of the Audit Committee receives an additional annual cash retainer of $15
000
 while each other member of the Audit Committee receives $4
000. The Chairs of each of the Nominating and Governance
 Compensation
 and Strategic Planning Committees receive an additional annual cash retainer of $10
000
 while all other committee members receive $2
000 for each committee position.  














		


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form&#160;S-8 (Nos. 333- 171372 and 333-197251) of Craft Brew Alliance
March&#160;16
 2017
December&#160;31
Seattle
March&#160;16
 2017














		


Each person below designates and appoints ANDREW J. THOMAS and JOSEPH K. VANDERSTELT his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
 with full power of substitution
December&#160;31
 2016
 of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 a Washington corporation
 and any amendments thereto
 and to file said report and amendments
 with all exhibits thereto
 in such form as they or either of them may approve with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
March&#160;16
&#160;/s/ John D. Rogers
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;John D. Rogers
 Jr.














		


I
 Andrew J. Thomas
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10&#8722;K of Craft Brew Alliance
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The Registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
March&#160;16
 2017














		


I
 Joseph K. Vanderstelt
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10&#8722;K of Craft Brew Alliance
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The Registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
March&#160;16
 2017














		


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual Report of Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2016
March&#160;16
&#32;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 Andrew J. Thomas
 the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant
 and Joseph K. Vanderstelt
 the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant
 each hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
March&#160;16
 2017














		


in fourth quarter
CBA&#8217;s positive 2017 outlook reflects double digit year-to-date depletion growth for Kona
expansion of strategic partnerships
Portland
 Ore. (March 16
Craft Brew Alliance
&#32;(Nasdaq: BREW)
 a leading craft brewing company
 today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31
 2016. CBA attributed its fourth quarter performance to a number of ongoing strategic initiatives
Depletion growth of 12% for Kona Brewing Co. in the quarter builds on Kona&#8217;s consistent double digit growth every year since 2008. As the cornerstone of CBA&#8217;s portfolio strategy
 Kona now represents over 50% of CBA&#8217;s portfolio
 which combines the power of Kona as a national lifestyle brand with strong regional craft breweries that meet today&#8217;s consumer demand for local and variety. In the fourth quarter
 Kona solidified two of its largest brands -- Big Wave and Longboard Island Lager -- in the Top 25 of all craft brands and increased Big Wave depletions by 45%. For the full year
 Kona&#8217;s growth alone was bigger than 90% of all craft breweries
 and in its home market of Hawaii
&#32;we announced with AB in the third quarter. As part of the new brewing agreement
 we made significant progress in qualifying several CBA beers for production in AB&#8217;s Fort Collins
 Colo. brewery
 beginning spring 2017. On the commercial side
 Kona was featured in a special craft beer holiday variety pack
 alongside Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and other brands from AB&#8217;s High End division
 and we developed multiple assets for AB&#8217;s annual sales and marketing conference. Finally
In the fourth quarter
 CBA announced its intent to partner with and take a minority stake in fast-growing Miami craft brewery Wynwood Brewing
 which will establish a strategic base in Florida
 the third largest beer state. Wynwood will join CBA&#8217;s growing roster of distinctive local partner breweries
 including North Carolina-based Appalachian Mountain Brewery (&#8220;AMB&#8221;) and Nantucket Island&#8217;s Cisco Brewers
In the fourth quarter
 CBA reduced inventory levels by nearly 15% at our wholesaler partners as part of our ongoing efforts to address slowing craft segment growth and the inventory pressures facing distributors in today&#8217;s complex craft beer market. CBA&#8217;s inventory measures contributed to a fourth quarter shipment decline of 13% over the same quarter in 2015. Comparatively
 CBA&#8217;s overall depletions were down only 3% for the quarter
 reflecting continued demand for CBA&#8217;s differentiated portfolio
While overall CBA depletions declined 3% from the fourth quarter of 2015
CBA&#8217;s 13% shipment decline in the fourth quarter primarily reflects the reduction in wholesaler inventories described above
Net sales decreased by $3.4 million
 or 7%
The decrease was primarily due to the 13% beer shipments decline
 partially offset by an increase in net revenue per barrel
 which reflects a $1.6 million contract brewing shortfall fee and international incentive revenue of $315
Gross profit decreased by 13%
 to $13.4 million
The decrease reflects the reduction in shipment volumes
 lower brewery utilization and higher cost of goods
Selling
 general and administrative expense (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) for the fourth quarter was $12.9 million
Diluted net income per share decreased to $0.00 for the fourth quarter
During the quarter
 we recorded charges for severance and emerging business costs of approximately $0.6 million before tax
 or $0.02 per diluted share after tax
The estimated fourth quarter gross profit impact of wholesaler inventory reductions is $0.9 million before tax
Across CBA&#8217;s portfolio
 depletions were flat for the year
 similar to 2015
The results reflect 17% growth in our Kona brand family and increasing contributions from international and partnerships
Shipments declined 6% in 2016 from 2015
Despite the overall shipment decline
 we grew shipments for Kona
 which increased by 13% for the full year
The shipment decline reflects the first quarter temporary Portland brewery closure
 the fourth quarter reduction in wholesaler shipments to address contracting wholesaler inventories
The negative impact of the shipment decline on net sales was primarily offset by improved pricing
Gross margin declined by 110 basis points to 29.4% in 2016
 compared to 30.5% in 2015
Declines in gross margin were attributed to the decrease in shipments and lower brewery utilization
 which resulted in a gross profit decrease of $2.6 million
 or 4%
In line with updated guidance
 SG&amp;A increased $1.3 million to $59.2 million
SG&amp;A expenses reflect increased labor-related costs
 brand marketing
 and professional fees
 partially offset by favorable in-market spend
During 2016
 we recorded charges for severance and emerging business costs of approximately $1.3 million before tax
 or $0.04 per diluted share after tax
The estimated full-year gross profit impact of wholesaler inventory reductions is $0.9 million before tax
Capital expenditures were approximately $15.7 million in 2016
 which is below our refined 2016 guidance range for capital expenditures of $17 million to $19 million
&#8220;While our fourth quarter performance was disappointing
 it does not diminish the milestones achieved in 2016 -- from the series of agreements with AB
 to the acceleration of our Kona Plus portfolio strategy
 to the new thinking on our brewing footprint
&#8221; said Andy Thomas
 chief executive officer
 CBA. &#8220;Looking forward
 we are excited to build on the strength of Kona
In 2017
 we will continue to build on the power of CBA&#8217;s proven Kona Plus strategy. Specifically
 we expect to maintain strong growth on Kona and realize multiple topline benefits from the first full year with the expanded AB commercial and international agreements. With respect to gross margin
Through the first two months of 2017
Shipments ranging between a decrease of 1% and increase of 4%
Average price increases of 1% to 2%
 which excludes the $3.4 million we expect to recognize annually
 on a straight-line basis over the 10-year term
Gross margin on our owned business
 which includes beer related and pubs
Over the course of 2017
 CBA management will reconcile the 2017 gross margin range with the previously disclosed target of 35%
SG&amp;A ranging from $61 million to $63 million including increase in marketing spend and SG&amp;A cost optimization
Capital expenditures of approximately $16 million to $20 million
&#8220;Our 2017 topline guidance is supported by the strength of the Kona brand
 our expanded partnership with Anheuser Busch
 and the ongoing development of our emerging business. Factoring in the reduction of wholesaler inventory levels
 which will be completed ahead of this summer
 acknowledges the challenges we&#8217;re seeing in the craft segment
&#8221; said Joe Vanderstelt
 chief financial officer
 CBA. &#160;&#8220;We&#8217;re also intensely focused on growing the profit margins of CBA
The complexity of the accounting associated with the revenue recognition for the AB agreements
 announced in the third quarter
 led to the delays in the timing of our filing. During the third quarter
 CBA determined the corresponding accounting treatment
 which was reflected in our third quarter financial results
 and evaluated by our independent auditor. As part of the year-end audit
 CBA management and our independent auditor revisited the accounting treatment previously applied
 leading CBA to engage a Big Four accounting firm to assist in evaluating the appropriate revenue recognition associated with the AB agreements. The reevaluation of the accounting treatment took more time than anticipated; the results are reflected in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Statements made in this press release that state the Company&#8217;s or management&#8217;s intentions
 hopes
 beliefs
 expectations or predictions of the future
 including depletions
 shipments and sales growth
 price increases
 and gross margin rate improvement
 the level and effect of SG&amp;A expense and business development
 anticipated capital spending
 and the benefits or improvements to be realized from strategic initiatives and capital projects
 are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the Company&#8217;s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the Company&#8217;s SEC filings
 including
 but not limited to
 the Company&#8217;s report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016. Copies of these documents may be found on the Company&#8217;s website
 www.craftbrew.com
Craft Brew Alliance (CBA) is an independent craft brewing company that brews
 brands
Our distinctive portfolio combines the power of Kona Brewing Company
 a dynamic
 fast-growing national craft beer brand
 with an expanding stable of strong regional breweries and innovative lifestyle brands
 including Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
 Omission Brewing Co.
 Redhook Brewery
 Square Mile Cider Co. and Widmer Brothers Brewing. CBA nurtures the growth and development of its brands in today&#8217;s increasingly competitive beer market through our state-of-the-art brewing and distribution capability
 integrated sales and marketing infrastructure
 and strong focus on partnerships
Formed in 2008
 CBA is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon and operates breweries and brewpubs across the U.S. CBA beers are available in all 50 U.S. states and 30 different countries around the world. For more information about CBA and our brands
Craft Brew Alliance
Craft Brew Alliance
Craft Brew Alliance
(Dollars and shares in thousands
December 31
December 31
48
52
215
218
3
3
13
14
45
49
202
204
32
33
142
141
13
15
59
62
Selling
12
13
59
57
2
4
Other income
2
3
1
1
2
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
165
189
748
787
6
8
26
36
171
197
775
824
Craft Brew Alliance
December 31
Accounts receivable
24
18
Inventory
19
18
Deferred income tax asset
2
1
2
2
48
42
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
121
116
12
12
Intangible and other assets
19
18
202
190
16
17
Accrued salaries
4
5
6
6
4
2
1
32
31
Long-term debt and capital lease obligations
27
18
21
20
119
118
202
190
Craft Brew Alliance
Twelve Months Ended December 31
2
10
9
Loss on sale or disposal of Property
Other
1
Accounts receivable
(5
(7
(1
1
1
1
3
Accrued salaries
(2
7
11
Expenditures for Property
(15
(15
Proceeds from sale of Property
(16
(16
(1
9
5
8
4
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
Craft Brew Alliance
December 31
December 31
1
2
1
2
2
10
9
1
1
3
5
12
15
CBA has presented Adjusted Earnings before Interest
 Taxes
 Depreciation and Amortization (&#8220;Adjusted EBITDA&#8221;) in these tables to provide investors with additional information to evaluate our operating performance on an ongoing basis using criteria that are used by management.&#160;We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest
 income taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 stock compensation and other non-cash charges
 including net gain or loss on disposal of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements.&#160;We use Adjusted EBITDA
 among other measures
 to evaluate operating performance
 to plan and forecast future periods&#8217; operating performance
As Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of operating performance or liquidity calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;)
 this measure should not be considered in isolation of
 or as a substitute for
 net income (loss) as an indicator of operating performance
 or net cash provided by operating activities as an indicator of liquidity.&#160;The use of Adjusted EBITDA instead of net income (loss) has limitations as an analytical tool
 including the inability to determine profitability; the exclusion of interest expense and associated cash requirements
 given the level of our indebtedness; and the exclusion of depreciation and amortization which represent significant and unavoidable operating costs
 given the capital expenditures needed to maintain our operations. We compensate for these limitations by relying on GAAP results. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies. As Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain financial information compared with net income (loss) and net cash provided by operating activities
 the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures
 users of this financial information should consider the types of events and transactions which are excluded. The table above shows a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss).


















			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			


			




			

				



			



		


		


		




				


				




		


		


		


		


		


		




				


				






				


				




		


		


		

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 including beer. For brewers producing less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per barrel on the first &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per barrel for each barrel in excess of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations

	

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the quarterly fee was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.15%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the fee totaled the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31


 equipment and leasehold improvements is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:92.1875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:57%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:43%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30 &amp;#8211; 50 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10 &amp;#8211; 25 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Furniture


 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability
 Refundable deposits
 in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A&amp;#8209;B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. Our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in Refundable deposits on kegs and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 included as a component of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks and domain name&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distributor agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Promotional merchandise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18


 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
 as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:91.015625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:61%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31


 sales
 use


 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Advertising expenses frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we did &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;not&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; have any cash equivalents. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under our cash management system
 we utilize a controlled disbursement account to fund cash distribution checks presented for payment by the holder. Checks issued but not yet presented to banks may result in overdraft balances for accounting purposes. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; bank overdrafts of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were included in Accounts payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31


 2016
 we entered into brewing agreements  (the brewing agreements) with Pabst Northwest Brewing Company (Pabst)
 a subsidiary of Pabst Brewing Company
 under which Pabst has the ability to brew selected Rainier Brewing Company and other brands at our brewery in Woodinville
 Washington under a license agreement. The brewing agreements expire on December 31
 2018. During 2016
 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fees earned from Pabst related to a contract brewing volume shortfall in Contract brewing and beer related sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In conjunction with the brewing agreements
 we granted Pabst an option to purchase the Woodinville brewery and adjacent pub
 as well as related assets (together
 the Property)
 at any time prior to termination of the brewing agreements. The purchase price of the Property will be &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; if Pabst exercises the option during the first year of the agreement (which has elapsed)
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$26.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; if exercise occurs during the second year of the agreement
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$28.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; if Pabst exercises the option during the third year of the agreement and on or before the close of business on December 31
 2018. Under the option agreement
 Pabst conducted an additional diligence review of environmental and title issues relating to the Property
 and
 upon completion
 did not exercise its right to terminate either the brewery agreements or the option agreement. If Pabst does not exercise its option to purchase the Property


 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We lease office space
 restaurant and production facilities
 warehouse and storage space
 land and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2064. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require us to pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property. Under the terms of the land lease for our New Hampshire Brewery
 we hold a first right of refusal to purchase the property should the lessor decide to sell the property.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:34.9609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:69%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:29%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rent expense under all operating leases
 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases
 gross
 was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:91.015625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:61%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rent expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We sub-lease corporate office space to an unrelated party pursuant to a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year lease that began in February 2011. In December 2014
 the lease agreement was amended to extend the lease through 2025
 with an option to cancel in 2020 with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days&amp;#8217; written notice and a fee of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
 as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:91.015625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:61%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rental income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:37.3046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:64%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:34%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; limited liability companies
 both of whose members include our former Board Chair
 who is also a significant shareholder
 and his brother
 who continues to be employed by us. Lease payments to these lessors were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:41.40625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The lease for the headquarters office space and restaurant facility expires in 2034
 with an extension at our option for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year periods
 while the lease for the other facilities
 land and equipment expires in 2017 with an extension at our option for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year periods. We hold a right to purchase the headquarters office space and restaurant facility at the greater of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or the fair market value of the property as determined by a contractually established appraisal method. The right to purchase is not valid in the final year of the lease term or in each of the final years of the renewal terms
 as applicable. All lease terms are considered to be arm&amp;#8217;s-length.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our common stock and a former nonexecutive officer whose employment ended in 2015. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 with an extension at our option for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year periods. Lease payments to this lessor were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:41.40625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All lease terms are considered to be arm&amp;#8217;s-length. In December 2015
 related to the execution of the long-term land lease with an unrelated third party for our new Kona brewery
 we also paid approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to the lessor described above to acquire their right of first refusal on the land lease from the unrelated third party. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Purchase and Sponsorship Commitments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We periodically enter into commitments to purchase certain raw materials in the normal course of business. Furthermore
 we have entered into purchase commitments and commodity contracts to ensure we have the necessary supply of malt and hops to meet future production requirements. Certain of the malt and hop commitments are for crop years through 2021. We believe that malt and hop commitments in excess of future requirements
 if any
 will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may take delivery of the commodities in excess of our requirements or make payments against the purchase commitments earlier than contractually obligated
 which means our cash outlays in any particular year may exceed or be less than the commitment amount disclosed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In certain cases
 we have executed agreements with selected vendors to source our requirements for specific malt and hop varieties for the years ending December 31
 2017
 2018
 2019
 2020 and 2021; however
 either the quantity to be delivered or the full price for the commodity has not been established at the present time. To the extent the commitment is not measurable or has not been fixed
 that portion of the commitment has been excluded from the table below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have entered into multi-year sponsorship and promotional commitments with certain professional sports teams and entertainment companies. Generally
 in exchange for our sponsorship consideration
 we post signage and provide other promotional materials at the site or the event. The terms of these sponsorship commitments expire at various dates through December 31
 2023.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Aggregate future payments under purchase and sponsorship commitments as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:79.8828125%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:46%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Purchase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Sponsorship&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37


 net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate forfeitures of stock-based awards based on historical experience and expected future activity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence

	

 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term loan
 due September 30
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Line of credit
 due November 30
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Capital lease obligations for equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29
263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:96px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Required principal payments on outstanding debt obligations as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Line of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amount representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Term Loan and Line of Credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have a loan agreement (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Bank of America
 N.A. (BofA)
 which presently comprises a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; revolving line of credit (&amp;#8220;Line of Credit&amp;#8221;)
 including provisions for cash borrowings and up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; notional amount of letters of credit
 and a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; term loan (&amp;#8220;Term Loan&amp;#8221;). We may draw upon the Line of Credit for working capital and general corporate purposes until expiration on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The maturity date of the Term Loan is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding on our Term Loan and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding under the Line of Credit.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the Loan Agreement
 interest accrues at an annual rate based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&amp;#8220;LIBOR&amp;#8221;) Daily Floating Rate plus a marginal rate. The marginal rate varies from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the Line of Credit and Term Loan based on our funded debt ratio. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our marginal rate was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; resulting in an annual interest rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Loan Agreement authorizes acquisitions within the same line of business as long as we remain in compliance with the financial covenants of the Loan Agreement and there is at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of availability remaining on the Line of Credit following the acquisition. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the Loan Agreement
 a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.15%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; based upon our funded debt ratio. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the quarterly fee was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.15%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the fee totaled the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Loan Agreement fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;An annual fee is payable in advance on the notional amount of each standby letter of credit issued and outstanding multiplied by an applicable rate ranging from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; letters of credit outstanding during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We were in compliance with all applicable contractual financial covenants of the Loan Agreement at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. These financial covenants under the Loan Agreement are measured on a trailing four-quarter basis. We are required to maintain a funded debt ratio of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to 1 and a fixed charge coverage ratio above &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to 1. The funded debt ratio maximum is reduced to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to 1 on January 1
 2017 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to 1 on January 1
 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of our personal property and fixtures and by our Oregon brewery. In addition
 we are permitted to declare or pay dividends
 repurchase outstanding common stock or incur additional debt
 subject to limitations. We are restricted from entering into any agreement that would result in a change in control.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Promissory Notes Payable to Individual Lenders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We assumed an obligation for three promissory notes signed in connection with the acquisition of commercial real estate related to our Portland
 Oregon brewery. These notes were separately executed with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; individuals
 but with substantially the same terms and conditions. Each promissory note was secured by a deed of trust on the commercial real estate. The notes bore a fixed interest rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum through June 30
 2010
 after which time the rate increased to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum as a result of a one-time adjustment reflecting the change in the consumer price index from the date of issue
 July 1
 2005
 to July 1
 2010. The promissory notes were carried at the total of stated value plus a premium reflecting the difference between our incremental borrowing rate and the stated note rate. The effective interest rate for each note was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.31%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Each note matured on July 1
 2015 and
 accordingly
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; amounts were outstanding at December 31
 2016 or December 31
 2015. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Note with Affiliated Party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In connection with the acquisition of Kona Brewing Company (&amp;#8220;KBC&amp;#8221;)
 we assumed an obligation for a promissory note payable (&amp;#8220;Related Party Note&amp;#8221;) to a counterparty that was a significant KBC shareholder and remains a shareholder of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. The Related Party Note was secured by the equipment comprising a photovoltaic cell generation system (&amp;#8220;photovoltaic system&amp;#8221;) installed at our brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. Accrued interest on the Related Party Note was due and payable monthly at a fixed interest rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 with monthly loan payments of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$16
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under the Related Party Note was due and payable on November 15
 2014. Accordingly
 as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and 2015


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid property taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2




 transfer and
 when possible
 eliminate such exposures. Operating decisions contemplate associated risks and management strives to structure proposed transactions to avoid or reduce risk whenever possible.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have assessed our vulnerability to certain business and financial risks
 including interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 effective January 23
 2014
 we entered into an interest rate swap contract with BofA for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the Term Loan balance
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings under our Term Loan with BofA. The Term Loan contract and the interest rate swap terminate on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The Term Loan contract had a total notional value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Through this swap agreement
 we pay interest at a fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.86%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
 which was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.72%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On November 25
 2015
 we entered into a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; notional amount interest rate swap agreement effective January 4
 2016
 which expires &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;January 1
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings on our line of credit. The notional amount fluctuates based on a predefined schedule based on our anticipated borrowings.  Through this swap agreement
 we pay interest at a fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.28%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
 which was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.72%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 it qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 unrealized net losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$424
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a result of these hedges. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivatives is reclassified into Interest expense in the same period during which we record Interest expense associated with the related debt. There was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; hedge ineffectiveness during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of our derivative instruments is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:54.4921875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:51%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:22%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:22%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of interest rate swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The effect of our interest rate swap contracts that were accounted for as derivative instruments on our Consolidated Statements of Operations was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:19%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:22%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:29%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:23%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amount of Gain (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recognized in Accumulated OCI (Effective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Location of Loss Reclassified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;from Accumulated OCI into&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income (Effective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income (Effective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended&lt;br clear=none/&gt;December 31


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-04
  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) - Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. ASU 2017-04 simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. An entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 and recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value
 if applicable. The loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The same impairment test also applies to any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. ASU 2017-04 is effective for fiscal years
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019
 on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed after January 1
 2017. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2017-04 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2016-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 addresses eight specific cash flow issues and how they should be reported on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-15 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2016-13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326). ASU 2016-13 addresses accounting for credit losses for assets that are not measured at fair value through net income on a recurring basis. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 with early adoption permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-13 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2016-09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 Compensation - Stock Compensation - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 simplifies the accounting for several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The early adoption of ASU 2016-09 in the second quarter of 2016 did not have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2016-02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requires disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We are still evaluating any potential impact that adoption of ASU 2016-02 may have on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2016-01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10).&amp;#8221; ASU 2016-01 enhances the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information by addressing certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments simplify certain requirements and also reduce diversity in current practice for other requirements. ASU 2016-01 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Except for the early application guidance specifically allowed in ASU 2016-01
 early adoption is not permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-01 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2015-17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.&amp;#8221; ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes
 and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position and aligns the presentation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities with International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-17 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2015-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-15
 &amp;#8220;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30).&amp;#8221; ASU 2015-15 provides guidance as to the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line of credit arrangements. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. The amendments are to be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented is adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. The adoption of ASU 2015-15 did not have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2014-09
 ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&amp;#8221; ASU 2014-09
 as amended
 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). ASU 2014-09
 as amended
 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. We are still evaluating but do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-09 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. ASU 2016-10 clarifies aspects of Topic 606 related to identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance
 while retaining the related core principles for those areas. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-10 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606 (ASU 2014-09). We are still evaluating but do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-10 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. ASU 2016-12 clarifies aspects of Topic 606 related to the guidance on assessing collectibility
 presentation of sales taxes
 non-cash consideration
 and completed contracts and contract modifications. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-12 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606 (ASU 2014-09). We are still evaluating but do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-12 to have a material effect on our financial position


 or have been
 granted to employees and non-employee directors. We issue new shares of common stock upon exercise or settlement of the stock-based awards. All of our stock plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 which determines the grantees
 the number of shares of common stock for which awards may be exercised or settled and the exercise or grant prices of such shares
 among other terms and conditions of stock-based awards under our stock-based plans.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;With the approval of the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2014 Plan&amp;#8221;) in May 2014
 no further grants of stock-based awards may be made under our 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2010 Plan&amp;#8221;). However
 the provisions of the 2010 Plan will remain in effect until all outstanding awards are exercised
 settled or terminated. Shares subject to terminated awards under the 2010 Plan are not added to the pool of shares available for grant pursuant to the 2014 Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares to be issued upon the exercise of stock options and the vesting of stock awards will come from newly issued shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014 Stock Incentive Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The 2014 Plan provides for grants of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units (RSUs)
 performance awards and stock appreciation rights
 as well as other stock-based awards. While incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
 awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees
 non-employee directors and outside consultants. Options granted to our employees were generally subject to a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year vesting period until 2015 when the vesting period changed to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;four&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. Vested options generally remain exercisable for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ten years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; following the date of grant.  RSUs  generally vest over a period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The exercise price of stock options must be at least equal to the fair market value per share of our common stock on the date of grant. A maximum of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;420
939&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares available for future awards pursuant to the 2014 Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Terms of awards granted pursuant to the 2010 Plan and predecessor plans were similar to the terms of awards granted pursuant to the 2014 Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Certain information regarding our stock-based compensation was as follows (in thousands
 except per share amounts):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average per share fair value of stock options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intrinsic value of stock options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;223&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intrinsic value of fully-vested stock awards granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock-based compensation expense was recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
074&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We amortize stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the individual awards
 which is the requisite service period
 with estimated forfeitures considered.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following weighted average assumptions were utilized in determining fair value pursuant to the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.81 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.72 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.34 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The risk-free rate used is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve over the estimated term of the options granted. Expected lives were estimated based on historical exercise data. The expected volatility is calculated based on the historical volatility of our common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-Based Awards Plan Activity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock Option Activity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock option activity for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;141
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(49
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;440
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Certain information regarding options outstanding as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;440
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;136
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Aggregate intrinsic value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
113
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;944
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average remaining contractual term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.8 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Restricted Stock Unit Activity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During 2016
 we granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; RSUs with a weighted average grant date fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share to selected officers and members of our executive team. The RSUs vest on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 provided that the participant continues to be employed through that date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Performance-Based Stock Awards Activity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We granted performance-based stock awards to selected executives in each of the past six years. Performance goals for the 2016 awards are tied to target amounts of the compounded-average growth rates of Net Sales and average adjusted EBITDA margin over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year performance period. The awards outstanding at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; will vest from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the targeted number of performance shares. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For the 2011 grant
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the target number of performance shares were earned in 2014 and
 for the 2012 grant
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the target number of performance shares were earned in 2015. No shares were earned for the 2013 grant and we do not expect any shares to be earned pursuant to the 2014 grant due to failure to meet the specified performance goals. Awards
 if earned
 are paid in shares of our common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cumulative activity related to performance-based awards during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was as follows (in shares):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:79%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Awards Expected to Vest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Awards expected to vest as of January 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;143
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canceled due to termination of employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:6px;text-indent:-6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Not expected to vest due to failure to meet performance goals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(64
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Awards expected to vest as of December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;189
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock Grants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On the date of our Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 each non-employee director receives an annual grant of fully-vested shares of our common stock with a fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 except for the chairman whose grant has a fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$67
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; grants included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; fully-vested shares of common stock granted to each of our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; non-employee directors
 except for the chairman who received &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares
 for a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares. In April and  December 2016
 a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares
 respectively
 with a total grant date fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$231
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;

	

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares used for basic EPS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dilutive effect of stock-based awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares used for diluted EPS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19




 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates
 prepayment speeds and credit risk; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:37px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:13px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources
 including our own assumptions in determining fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The factors or methodology used for valuing securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables summarize liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:44%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair Value at December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest rate swap&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair Value at December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Interest rate swap&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We did not have any assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of our interest rate swap was based on quarterly statements from the issuing bank. There were no changes to our valuation techniques during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We believe the carrying amounts of Cash and cash equivalents
 Accounts receivable
 Other current assets
 Accounts payable
 Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes
 and Other accrued expenses are a reasonable approximation of the fair value of those financial instruments because of the nature of the underlying transactions and the short-term maturities involved.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We had fixed-rate debt outstanding as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Fixed-rate debt on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Estimated fair value of fixed-rate debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We calculate the estimated fair value of our fixed-rate debt using a discounted cash flow methodology. Using estimated current interest rates based on a similar risk profile and duration (Level 2)


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest rate swap&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair Value at December 31




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; changes to the goodwill balance during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. There are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; impairment losses netted against the goodwill balance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Intangible and Other Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible and other assets and the related accumulated amortization are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks and domain name&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Recipes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distributor agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Promotional merchandise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Estimated amortization expense to be recorded for the next five fiscal years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:87%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 we then perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. Under the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 and
 if an indication of goodwill impairment exists in the reporting unit
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. Under step two
 an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill as determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value


 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired


 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were no impairments recorded during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current state&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred state&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax expense differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:91.015625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:61%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Provision at U.S. statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Permanent differences
 primarily meals and entertainment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic production activities deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:91.2109375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:74%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net operating losses and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued salaries and severance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 included in our net operating losses and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards were the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:80.859375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:86%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State NOLs
 tax-effected&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal employer FICA tip credit carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 we consider future taxable income expected to be generated by the projected differences between financial statement depreciation and tax depreciation
 cumulative earnings generated to date and other evidence available to us. Based upon this consideration
 we assessed that all of our deferred taxes are more likely than not to be realized
 and
 as such
 we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and we do not anticipate significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our major tax jurisdictions include U.S. federal and various U.S. states. Tax years that remain open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) include the years from 2012 through 2015. Tax years remaining open in states where we have a significant presence range from 2011 to 2015. In addition


 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize the benefits of tax return positions when it is determined that the positions are &amp;#8220;more-likely-than-not&amp;#8221; to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaging materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Promotional merchandise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pub food
 beverages and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18


 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
 beverages and supplies are stated at the lower of cost or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&amp;#8217;s carrying value


 including attorney fees
 and potential settlement claims related to various legal proceedings that are estimable and probable. If not estimable and probable
 legal costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Selling


 Inc. was formed in 1981 to brew and sell craft beer. We produce
 sell and market
 on a national basis
 innovative packaged and draft products for the Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Omission and Square Mile brands at our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;six&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; company-owned breweries and operate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; brewpubs that promote our products
 offer dining and entertainment facilities and sell retail merchandise. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol &amp;#8220;BREW.&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our products are distributed domestically in all &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; states to retailers through wholesalers that are aligned with the Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&amp;#8220;A-B&amp;#8221;) network. A-B is a significant shareholder. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &amp;#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&amp;#8221;) with A-B
 which
 as amended in August 2016
 expires in 2028. In August 2016
 we also entered into a contract brewing agreement and an international distribution agreement with A-B. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the present terms of the A&amp;#8209;B Distributor Agreement
 we distribute our products in substantially all of our markets through A&amp;#8209;B&amp;#8217;s seamless national and international wholesale distributor networks. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. A-B&amp;#8217;s domestic wholesaler network consists primarily of independent wholesalers
 together with branches owned by A-B. See Note 17 for additional details.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Craft Brew Alliance


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10).&amp;#8221; ASU 2016-01 enhances the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information by addressing certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments simplify certain requirements and also reduce diversity in current practice for other requirements. ASU 2016-01 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Except for the early application guidance specifically allowed in ASU 2016-01
 early adoption is not permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-01 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2015-17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.&amp;#8221; ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes
 and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position and aligns the presentation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities with International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-17 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2015-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-15
 &amp;#8220;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30).&amp;#8221; ASU 2015-15 provides guidance as to the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line of credit arrangements. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. The amendments are to be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented is adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. The adoption of ASU 2015-15 did not have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ASU 2014-09
 ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&amp;#8221; ASU 2014-09
 as amended
 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). ASU 2014-09
 as amended
 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. We are still evaluating but do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-09 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. ASU 2016-10 clarifies aspects of Topic 606 related to identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance
 while retaining the related core principles for those areas. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-10 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606 (ASU 2014-09). We are still evaluating but do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-10 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. ASU 2016-12 clarifies aspects of Topic 606 related to the guidance on assessing collectibility
 presentation of sales taxes
 non-cash consideration
 and completed contracts and contract modifications. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-12 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606 (ASU 2014-09). We are still evaluating but do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-12 to have a material effect on our financial position


 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our common stock and a former nonexecutive officer whose employment ended in 2015. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 with an extension at our option for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year periods. Lease payments to this lessor were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:41.40625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; limited liability companies
 both of whose members include our former Board Chair
 who is also a significant shareholder
 and his brother
 who continues to be employed by us. Lease payments to these lessors were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:41.40625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid property taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 limited by IRS regulations. For the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we matched &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the employee&amp;#8217;s contributions up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of eligible compensation. Eligibility for the matching contribution in all years began after the participant had worked a minimum of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; months. Our matching contributions to the plan vest ratably over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years of service by the employee. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we used approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$198
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$17
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$165
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of previously forfeited matching contributions to fund current matching contributions
 which decreased expense for the corresponding periods. We recognized expense associated with matching contributions as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:81.0546875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31


 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104
284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;218
406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;203
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(96
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(86
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;116


 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:92.1875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:57%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:43%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30 &amp;#8211; 50 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10 &amp;#8211; 25 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Furniture


 equipment and leasehold improvements consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104
284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;218
406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;203
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(96
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(86
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;116


 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at both &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Activity related to our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 see Notes 8 and 16.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 A-B owned approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of our outstanding common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Transactions with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&amp;#8220;A-B&amp;#8221;)
 Ambev and Anheuser-Busch Worldwide Investments
 LLC (&amp;#8220;ABWI&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In December 2015
 we partnered with Ambev
 the Brazilian subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA
 to distribute Kona beers into Brazil. In August 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement with ABWI
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABWI will distribute our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
 and certain other limitations summarized in International Distribution Agreement below. Transactions with A-B
 Ambev and ABWI consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross sales to A-B and Ambev&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168
929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;179
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;178
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International distribution fee earned from ABWI&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Margin fee paid to A-B
 classified as a reduction of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventory management and other fees paid to A-B
 classified in Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Media reimbursement from A-B
 classified as a reduction of Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts due to or from A-B and ABWI were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts due from A-B related to beer sales pursuant to the A-B distributor agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts due from ABWI and A-B related to international distribution fee and media reimbursement &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Refundable deposits due to A-B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts due to A-B for services rendered&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount due from A-B and ABWI&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Agreements with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Contract Brewing Agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On August 23
 2016
 we entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Brewing Agreement&amp;#8221;) with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&amp;#8220;ABCS&amp;#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABCS will brew
 bottle and package up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; barrels of our mutually agreed products annually
 in facilities owned by ABCS within the United States
 for an initial term through December 31
 2026. Under the terms of the Brewing Agreement
 we will share equally in any cost savings arising from the Brewing Agreement
 provided that our cost savings will equal at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per barrel on an aggregate basis
 following certain adjustments
 as set forth in the Brewing Agreement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Brewing Agreement provides specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the Brewing Agreement if (i) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the Brewing Agreement
 subject to certain cure rights
 (ii) the International Distribution Agreement (as defined below) is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof or (iii) subject to certain conditions
 if the Master Distributor Agreement (as defined below) is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition
 ABCS has the right to terminate the Brewing Agreement upon &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days&amp;#8217; prior written notice to us following (i) a change of control event (as defined below) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest of (x) our rejection of a &amp;#8220;qualifying offer&amp;#8221; (as defined below)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
 and (z) our failure to enter into a definitive transaction agreement within &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days following receipt of a qualifying offer
 with certain exceptions. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the terms of each of the Brewing Agreement
 the International Distribution Agreement
 the Master Distributor Agreement and the Recapitalization Agreement (as defined below) (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Commercial Arrangements&amp;#8221;)
 a &amp;#8220;qualifying offer&amp;#8221; is defined to include any offer made by ABCS or an affiliate thereof
 for the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock not owned by ABCS or its affiliates
 on customary terms and conditions for a transaction of the type proposed by ABCS or its affiliate
 in each case
 for an aggregate value of (x) not less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$22.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share of our common stock if the offer is made on or prior to August 23
 2017
 (y) not less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share of our common stock if the offer is made during the period beginning August 24
 2017 through August 23
 2018 and (z) not less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$24.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share of our common stock if the offer is made on or after August 24
 2018. A &amp;#8220;change of control event&amp;#8221; includes
 with certain exceptions
 (i) the acquisition by a person or group of beneficial ownership on a fully diluted basis of 50% or more of our equity securities (or the equity securities of the surviving entity in any merger
 consolidation
 share exchange or other business combination involving us)
 (ii) a change in the composition of our board of directors during any consecutive 12-month period such that the incumbent directors cease to constitute at least a majority of the board of directors
 or (iii) the completion of a sale
 lease
 exchange
 or other transfer of (A) the Kona brand or (B) 50% or more of our assets based on fair market value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;International Distribution Agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On August 23
 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement (the &amp;#8220;International Distribution Agreement&amp;#8221;) with ABWI pursuant to which ABWI will be the sole and exclusive distributor of our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
 and certain other limitations
 in each case as set forth in the International Distribution Agreement. Under the International Distribution Agreement
 following delivery of notice to us
 ABWI may also elect to commence brewing outside of the United States some or all of the products to be distributed in the non-U.S. jurisdictions covered by the International Distribution Agreement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the terms of the International Distribution Agreement
 with respect to our exported products produced by us
 ABWI will pay us our costs of production plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses relating to export shipment costs. Additionally
 ABWI will pay us an international royalty fee based on volume of our products sold by ABWI
 equal to either &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per barrel or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per barrel
 depending on certain factors described in the International Distribution Agreement
 which royalty fee will be subject to escalation annually
 beginning in calendar year 2018
 on the terms described in the International Distribution Agreement. For calendar year 2016
 2017 and 2018
 ABWI will also pay us one-time fees of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. These amounts are subject to proration if the International Distribution Agreement is terminated early in any given year. The sum of the fees is recognized in Beer Related Net sales on a straight-line basis over the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year contract term
 while the fees are collected in the first quarter of the year following the applicable calendar year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The International Distribution Agreement contains specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the International Distribution Agreement if (a) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the International Distribution Agreement
 subject to certain cure rights or (b) the Brewing Agreement is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof. In addition
 ABWI has the right to terminate the International Distribution Agreement upon  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days&amp;#8217; prior written notice to us following (i) a &amp;#8220;change of control event&amp;#8221; (as defined above) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest of (x) our rejection of a &amp;#8220;qualifying offer&amp;#8221; (as defined above)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
 and (z) our failure to enter into a definitive transaction agreement within  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days following receipt of a qualifying offer
 with certain exceptions (each of the foregoing subclauses (x) through (z)
 a &amp;#8220;qualifying offer lapse&amp;#8221;). Following termination of the International Distribution Agreement due to a qualifying offer lapse
 or any change of control event
 ABWI shall have the right to purchase the international distribution rights for each of our brands then being distributed under the International Distribution Agreement at the fair market value of such rights
 and on otherwise customary terms and conditions
 as set forth in the International Distribution Agreement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the International Distribution Agreement
 ABWI will also be required to make a one-time &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; payment to us on August 23
 2019. The payment is being recognized in Beer Related Net sales on a straight-line basis over the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year contract term. However
 ABWI will not (subject to compliance with certain notice requirements) be obligated to make such one-time payment if
 prior to that date
 (i) a &amp;#8220;change of control event&amp;#8221; occurs or a definitive agreement for a transaction constituting a change of control event is entered into
 (ii) ABWI (or an affiliate thereof) makes a qualifying offer and there is a qualifying offer lapse or (iii) we enter into a definitive agreement with ABWI (or an affiliate thereof) with respect to a qualifying offer but such agreement is subsequently terminated
 other than for certain regulatory reasons (in which case the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shall remain payable). Unless terminated sooner
 the International Distribution Agreement will continue in effect until December 31
 2026.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amendment to Master Distributor Agreement and Amendment to Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On August 23
 2016
 we entered into Amendment No. 3 (&amp;#8220;Amendment No. 3&amp;#8221;) to the Amended and Restated Master Distributor Agreement with A-B
 dated as of May 1
 2011
 as amended
 between us and A-B (the &amp;#8220;Master Distributor Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to Amendment No. 3
 A-B and we agreed to extend the Master Distributor Agreement through December 31
 2028 (the &amp;#8220;Term&amp;#8221;)
 and to maintain the existing margin fee structure of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per case-equivalent in the Master Distributor Agreement through the Term. Without Amendment No. 3
 beginning on January 1
 2019
 a margin fee of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per case equivalent would have been payable by us under the Master Distributor Agreement. Amendment No. 3 also provides that
 beginning on January 1
 2019
 we will reinvest an aggregate amount equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per case equivalent in sales and marketing efforts for our products
 subject to specified terms and conditions set forth in Amendment No. 3. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pursuant to Amendment No. 3
 A-B will have the ability to deliver a revocation notice and reinstitute the terms of the Master Distributor Agreement as they existed prior to Amendment No. 3 following (i) a &amp;#8220;change of control event&amp;#8221; (as defined above) that occurs prior to the third anniversary of Amendment No. 3 or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to the third anniversary of Amendment No. 3 and is subsequently consummated or (ii) the earliest of (a) our rejection of a qualifying offer (as defined above)
 (b) the consummation of a transaction underlying a qualifying offer
 and (c) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days following the receipt of a qualifying offer by us
 if A-B (or an affiliate thereof) and we are unable to enter into a definitive agreement with respect thereto
 notwithstanding A-B&amp;#8217;s (or its affiliate&amp;#8217;s) and our good faith and reasonable efforts to negotiate such a definitive agreement


 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current state&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred state&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term loan
 due September 30
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Line of credit
 due November 30
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Capital lease obligations for equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29
263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net operating losses and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued salaries and severance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17






&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Provision at U.S. statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Permanent differences
 primarily meals and entertainment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic production activities deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
074&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:34.9609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:69%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:29%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:37.3046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:64%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:34%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaging materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Promotional merchandise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pub food
 beverages and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Line of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amount representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 Ambev and ABWI consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross sales to A-B and Ambev&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168
929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;179
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;178
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International distribution fee earned from ABWI&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Margin fee paid to A-B
 classified as a reduction of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventory management and other fees paid to A-B
 classified in Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Media reimbursement from A-B
 classified as a reduction of Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts due to or from A-B and ABWI were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts due from A-B related to beer sales pursuant to the A-B distributor agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts due from ABWI and A-B related to international distribution fee and media reimbursement &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Refundable deposits due to A-B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts due to A-B for services rendered&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount due from A-B and ABWI&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8


 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases
 gross
 was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:91.015625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:61%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:10%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rent expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 Gross profit and gross margin information by segment was as follows (dollars in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Beer&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Related&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Brewpubs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;173
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;202
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;176
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204
168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;173
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;440
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;136
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Aggregate intrinsic value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
113
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;944


 except per share amounts):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:58%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was as follows (in shares):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:79%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Awards Expected to Vest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Awards expected to vest as of January 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;143
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canceled due to termination of employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:6px;text-indent:-6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Not expected to vest due to failure to meet performance goals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(64
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Awards expected to vest as of December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;189




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;141
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(49
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;440


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares used for basic EPS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dilutive effect of stock-based awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares used for diluted EPS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19




&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;77.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables from A-B represented the following percentage of our Accounts receivable balance:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:27.34375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:47%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:3%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:48%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31


 Gross profit and gross margin information by segment was as follows (dollars in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Beer&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Related&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Brewpubs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;173
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;202
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;176
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204
168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;173
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The segments use many of the same assets. For internal reporting purposes
 we do not allocate assets by segment and
 therefore
 no asset by segment information is provided to our chief operating decision maker.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In preparing this financial information
 certain expenses were allocated between the segments based on management estimates
 while others were based on specific factors such as headcount. These factors can have a significant impact on the amount of Gross profit for each segment. While we believe we have applied a reasonable methodology
 assignment of other reasonable cost allocations to each segment could result in materially different segment Gross profit.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales to wholesalers through the A-B Distributor Agreement represented the following percentage of our Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:41.40625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:31%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:31%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:31%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;77.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Receivables from A-B represented the following percentage of our Accounts receivable balance:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:27.34375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:47%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:3%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:48%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31


 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and Omission beer brands and Square Mile cider brand. Brewpubs operations primarily include our brewpubs

	

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we did &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;not&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; have any cash equivalents. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under our cash management system
 we utilize a controlled disbursement account to fund cash distribution checks presented for payment by the holder. Checks issued but not yet presented to banks may result in overdraft balances for accounting purposes. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; bank overdrafts of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were included in Accounts payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; million of bank overdrafts. Changes in bank overdrafts from period to period are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a component of operating activities within Accounts payable and Other accrued expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables due from wholesalers and A-B for beer and promotional product sales. Because of state liquor laws and each wholesaler&amp;#8217;s agreement with A-B
 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at both &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Activity related to our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories
 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
 beverages and supplies are stated at the lower of cost or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&amp;#8217;s carrying value
 we reduce the product to a new cost basis. We record the cost of inventory for which we estimate we have more than a twelve-month supply as a component of Intangible and other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:92.1875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:57%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:43%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30 &amp;#8211; 50 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10 &amp;#8211; 25 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2 &amp;#8211; 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The lesser of useful life or term of the lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Valuation of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We evaluate potential impairment of long-lived assets when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were no impairments recorded during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized using a straight line basis of accounting. Definite-lived intangible assets and their respective estimated lives are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:74.0234375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:70%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:30%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distributor agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill is not amortized but rather is reviewed for impairment at least annually
 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 we then perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. Under the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 and
 if an indication of goodwill impairment exists in the reporting unit
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. Under step two
 an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill as determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value
 step two does not need to be performed. We conduct our annual impairment test as of December 31 of each year and have determined there to be no impairment for any of the periods presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired
 by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value measured by using discounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. We have determined there to be no impairment for any of the periods presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Refundable Deposits on Kegs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us and are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability
 Refundable deposits
 in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A&amp;#8209;B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. Our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in Refundable deposits on kegs and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 included as a component of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Concentrations of Risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of Accounts receivable. While wholesalers and A-B account for substantially all Accounts receivable
 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers
 their geographic dispersion and state laws regulating the financial affairs of wholesalers of alcoholic beverages.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Comprehensive Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Comprehensive income (loss) includes changes in the fair value of interest rate derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
 when the products are delivered to the member. A member of the A-B wholesale distributor network may be a branch of A&amp;#8209;B or an independent wholesale distributor.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue on contract brewing sales when the product is shipped to our contract brewing customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue on retail sales at the time of sale and we recognize revenue from events at the time of the event.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue related to non-refundable payments to be received on specified dates throughout a contract term on a straight-line basis over the life of the related contract or contracts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Excise Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per barrel on the first &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per barrel for each barrel in excess of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We account for tax assessed by a governmental authority that is directly imposed on a revenue-producing transaction (i.e.
 sales
 use
 value added) on a net (reduction of revenue) basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Costs incurred to ship our product are included in Cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Advertising Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Advertising costs
 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Advertising expenses frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Pricing discounts to wholesalers are recorded as a reduction of Sales in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of restricted stock awards is determined based on the number of shares granted and the quoted price of our common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of stock option awards is estimated at the grant date as calculated by the Black-Scholes-Merton (&amp;#8220;BSM&amp;#8221;) option-pricing model. The BSM model requires various judgmental assumptions including expected volatility and option life.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The estimated fair value of stock-based awards is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the award
 net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate forfeitures of stock-based awards based on historical experience and expected future activity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence
 no additional compensation expense will be recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense would be reversed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Legal Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are a party to legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. We accrue for certain legal costs
 including attorney fees
 and potential settlement claims related to various legal proceedings that are estimable and probable. If not estimable and probable
 legal costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred income taxes are established for the difference between the financial reporting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize the benefits of tax return positions when it is determined that the positions are &amp;#8220;more-likely-than-not&amp;#8221; to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we did not have any unrecognized tax benefits or any interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Information&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our chief operating decision maker monitors Net sales and gross margins of our Beer Related operations and our Brewpubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing operations and related domestic and international beer and cider sales of our Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and Omission beer brands and Square Mile cider brand. Brewpubs operations primarily include our brewpubs


 2017 and March 6
 2017
 respectively
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; lawsuits
 Sara Cilloni and Simone Zimmer v. Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 and Theodore Broomfield v. Kona Brewing Co. LLC
 Kona Brew Enterprises
 LLP
 Kona Brewery LLC
 and Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 included in our net operating losses and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards were the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:80.859375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:86%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State NOLs


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:79.8828125%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:46%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Purchase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Sponsorship&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37

	











































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Ambev

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    




    




    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    

 Including Intangible Assets



    

 Goodwill



    

 Intangible Assets
 Indefinite-Lived



    
    
    


    

 Credit Risk



    




    




    






    






    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    










    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




















    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    





 Net
 Excluding Goodwill


 Net
 Excluding Goodwill



    
    



 Net
 Amortization Expense


 Net
 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense














 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    









 equipment
 and leasehold improvements


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant




 equipment
 and leasehold improvements


 Plant and Equipment



    


    
    








    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    




    


    
    


    


    
    



 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    

 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    


    
    


    




    







 Net












 Net of Valuation Allowance



    




    





 equipment and leasehold improvements



    
    


    
    


    




    










    




    




    




    






    


    







 Net



    




    
    


    
    


    
    



 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 19
261
245 and 19
179


 Value



    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    




    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    

 First Tier


 First Tier



    

 Second Tier


 Second Tier



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period





    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    







 State and Local Income Taxes






 Nondeductible Expense
 Meals and Entertainment



    

 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost



    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity



    

 Tax Credit



    
    








    
    
    


    

 Tax Deferred Expense



    



















 Property



    




    
















    
    
    





 Operating Loss Carryforwards



    

 Tax Credit Carryforwards



    

 Operating Loss Carryforwards



    
    


    




    





 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period



    


    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    




    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



    




    

 Term Loan


 Term Loan



    


    




    
    
    


    




    

 Unused Capacity









    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



    
    
    


    

 Interest Rate



    

 Interest Rate



    
    


    
    



    




    
    

















 Shares



    

 Shares



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Option to Purchase


 Option to Purchase



    

 Option to Purchase


 Option to Purchase



    

 Option to Purchase


 Option to Purchase



    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    






    
    


    

 Employer Matching Contribution



    

 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee







    


    
    
    


    






    




    
    
    


    
    








    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    




    

 Stock Options



    
    


    




    

 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest



    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    

 management




 LLC (ABWI) and Anheuser Busch


 LLC (ABWI) And Anheuser Busch


 LLC (ABWI) And Anheuser Busch



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    


    




    


    

 Goods



    
    


    




    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    




    


    




    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    




    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    


    


    
    

 divided by the total sales revenue



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Goods



    
    


    
    




    









    
    


    

 Options



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options



    

 Options



    


    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    

 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period



    





 Options










 Options
 Exercisable










 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable



    
    


















    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 general


 General


 General



    
    














    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    




    




    




    




    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value



    




    
    


    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    




    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    

 Other Than Options



    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options




 Value
 Share-based Compensation


 Value
 Share-based Compensation



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Pending Claims



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    

 Interest Rate Risk Mitigated


 Interest Rate Risk Mitigated



    




    




    




    




    

 Pretax



    




    

 Fair Value



    
    



 Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship
 by Income Statement Location





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    

 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion



    

 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion



    

 Loss Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    









 Value






 Shares
 Share-based Compensation






 Value
 Share-based Compensation












 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period



    
    


    


    


    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    


    

 Net of Tax









    
    








    

 Measurements









    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    



    


    

 Financial Liabilities



    




    
    


    


    




    
    


    






    


    


    
    


    




    




    
    




    


    
    


    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    







 Plant






 Plant



    
    


    
    


    




    

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
















    






    






    

 Number Of Days For Prior Written Notice


 Number Of Days For Prior Written Notice



    

 Number Of Days Following Receipt Of Qualifying Offer


 Number Of Days Following Receipt Of Qualifying Offer




 price per share minimum on or prior to August 23


 Proposed Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share
 Minimum


 Proposed Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share
 Minimum




 price per share minimum during August 23
 2017 to August 23


 Proposed Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share
 Minimum


 Proposed Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share
 Minimum




 price per share minimum on or after August 24


 Proposed Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share
 Minimum


 Proposed Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share
 Minimum



    






    


    

 Contract Term


 Contract Term



    






    






    






    






    

 Period In Which Affiliate May Terminate Agreement


 Period In Which Affiliate May Terminate Agreement



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    





 Award Vesting Rights




 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    


    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments



    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments


 Non-Option Equity Instruments








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Expected to Expire


 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Expected to Expire







    




    

 Raw Materials



    

 Work in Process



    

 Finished Goods



    




    









 net of valuation reserves and adjustments



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Due


 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Rent Expense









    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable









    
    



 Portland


 Portland


 Portland




 Kona


 Kona


 Kona



    
    


    
    


    
    
    










    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Operating Leases



    

 Rent Expense





    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Right Of First Refusal


 Right Of First Refusal



    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 cba201610-k_chartx29565.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MKS'XO_%SP;\$/ USX_\ '5U=V^CQZ_X*\(Z?;:?:B]U37/&'Q(\::!\.O 'A






M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB







^HH _$']C^_\1Z=_P5O_ .F'P _

MKUNXTN\\42:+I#:RUK




M6O\ Y8UO44 8/_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\ -Z7



6&5@+[*Q2




\D


MW%_W5_D*=0!@_P#-Z7Z7W_@XUK_ .6-'_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8UO44 8/_-Z
M7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\ -Z7Z7W_ (.-:_\ EC6]10!@_P#-Z7Z7W_@XUK_ .6-
M'_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8UO44 8/_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\ -Z7Z7W_ (.-:_\
HH P?^$;TOTOO_!QK7_RQK:AB2*.&/=LB18TW.\

M BBB@ HHHH _#S]E#_E.A_P5I_[-B_X)M?^F3X[5^X=?AY^RA_RG0_X*T_]
MFQ?\$VO_ $R?':OW#H **** BBB@#E/!?\ R E_[OB/_U)=8KJZY3P7_R
ME_[OB/_ -276*ZN@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *Y34/^1Q\-?\ 8(\4_P#H
MWPW75URFH?\ (X^&O^P1XI_]&^&Z .KHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;C



M^0IU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5R.E_\C=XI_[!_A?_ -%ZU775R.E_\C=X
MI_[!_A?_ -%ZU0!UU%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4






T#PIK&HMXPT74O DUE;3VOCBUD\+W&J8_-+]
MBSXOZAXN_9/_ .$4^



MGO? WA

M9:Q:F^TKPI=Z[IEOXBU*T!N )[+1IKE-0N8W^Q7[1&*!C.NGZB\(D73[PP?A



M39?_ !R@#H**Y_\ L[6_^@]_Y2;+_P.4?V=K?\ T'O_ DV7_QR@#H**Y_^








M_P#9VM_]![_RDV7_ 

I-


M(%V;?
Q][G=G-=5_9VM_]![_ 

MW_E)LO\ XY1_9VM_]![_ 
I-E_\ '* .@KF?&G_(G^*O^Q=UK_TW7%3?V=K?


KN&1N'*YW

MY1_9VM_]![_RDV7_ 


I-

M2;+_ ..4 =!17/\ ]G:W_P!![_RD67_QRMR%72*-)9/-D6-%DEV+'YCA0&?R



QHX[$9?EN88_#Y7AGC



SR_ 8C-
2L'EE#&XW

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?AY^RA_RG0_X*T_]FQ?


_V--90:CKNNW 
J:;

+4^#OBS5CX^U3QS\'I

MDTT+KA_7\F\
LKSKPV_UKP_%V$I\:XSB7%9/D/A[B

MS-
3C:%'$8F-;







GBSPWXLU;_A)/B!X*^$%Y/;
MO9_#?1_BW-XF;0-+\3ZO(AU?7_%&E^!]06+5K686-GI^LZG/;S+?3Z8LS?8_
MQG_XR$^.'A7]FFS N_AO\./^$:^



MANLCGD-3 XR.&S?,J%7\?QO_#WB7QM@


8.

'/A_H0&2)IX+GQ%?V=UJQC<-:Z%9ZI?N5AM)77T<GRK&9YFN

MLM[XG\5ZEJ^LRF1F




1.*JU)M_-GB_]FO4?#GB35OB?^S+XGL_@]\1-7NQJ

U_\  _XKWJ*!*WQ \6#VS:/XAO@BQ-\2/ LFC^+HF;S]93Q5;Q_
MV;)L_#?]I33]:\46GPH^+WAB]^7QOFCN&LO!7B.]CO_  WX]BLPKW&K?![X
M@16]GHGQ%TL0.ES-IMO'IGC;18O
7Q%X2TKR3+)].UP7Q(^%_P /_B]X7NO!

M>3'\0+K
_AMXLTCQ?X:O)9;9-1TFX+FUOK?:+O2M







'DV










;BWU'2=4M+35-)U&W




+6^TV[O-6N=::TEN3-X-\.OH7Z)^%/
MV/?V7? __ CPE\!OAAH*?[2%T+P!#I_A33HK;PMID6NZEXHMH-
M722V5[

:






'M]_\ 





;S_$/_0+T;_P

SE'G^(?^@7HW_@]OO_ )G*V:* 

M71K=&TO7_B5)LD-_ID@MOH?]H'XM6_P2^$OB[X@PDUO6[UM=)\%^&+?+7O
MC#X@^)KZV\.^ O%C&A\U[GQ'XKU+2M,+1I(;:UFN;V1?(M9F6E^S?\ 2;X



'[+I7QC^'\VB66C?









M-_X/;[_YG*//\0_] O1O_![??_

VO



SE;-% &-Y_B'_H%Z-_X/;[





MOO\ YG*//\0_] O1O_![??\ S.5LT4 8WG^(?^@7HW_@]OO_ )G*//\ $/\
MT]&_P#![??_ #.5LT4 8WG^(?\ H%Z-_P#V^_^9RM:
R&-#
B)*44R)'(T



K0P^&H



/$C.#)


M^T[2KVZC\



MW
O(B#P[XWNYO#-]<AX?#/CC6966R



.%)TL;B

MZQ-1U\?3=!XG(


M5UX$CD-S7MOPA^/WP^^

M7PK=2R7$=E.7']F^(M+FU3PKKD?^D:'KFI6Y\RL\SX4G2P57.^'\;'B/AZDX
M/$8W#T'A\QR?VTHPI4N(\F]KB*^45)SG3I0QE.OCLBQ6(F\-EV=8[$4J].EI

2[OKZ\GD*QP6MG:PRW%Q,[*D<,;NQ !-?'_[+6EZE\3-:\9_M
M<^+KZL]3^


L!P3E]:K1




3B:U3$8BO6G*K6

)AZ&%PM&EA\-AJ-+#X?#
MT81I4:%C-.E1I4X*
*=*E3C&%.$(J
(Q48I))!7(Z7_P C=XI_[!_A?_T7
MK5==7(Z7_P C=XI_[!_A?_T7K58FQUU%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444



M70G7P%9VL/A:XTG3)7LO#%YIESX5MO+@T2.*/\-O'/P0_;$O_B=\1O'/@7]E


/&_P 4O% FDT;P5X?O=:GLK4!K[5[J)5@T
MK0-




O_ * U87@[_D4?




'FO'_B+\/O!OQ7?7_AQ\0] L?%7@KQ7X%O-
M.USP_JBO)8WD
NMVS)
@1TDM+^TF2*[T[4[1X=0TR^@@OK&X@NH(I5^5OA7\
#L9CIPP^7\
1_G_ CN.H-
M%?AY^Y!1110 4444 %%%% !7,^-/^1/\5?\ 8NZU_PFZXKIJYGQI_R)_BK_



PN78/%8_'8BEA


M*U2;4:=*C2A.I4G)J



M\+/!JZ?X;:



MPTXU
-G'$F

P




M=XI_[!_A?_T7K5 '74444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4?2B@\?I^IQ
M0!^17[4'A7_@H1XK\5ZY;:C\;;KX-?L\2?$;P/I.AP?L=?#JVU_XQZO\*-8\

=(C






/B!I?Q;^'M]H.D


MB3Q?X9URVUF'PUI \%?L_6'B+XE?#[P?J6G:AI_B[XCZKH.E^*=(M_FEF7-
MT_\ ;L^(WB[X.?$[]K/33K/A_P (_KXK?LN^ ;;X*GPS8RIXE\
_%_P3^RG

M4U3N&?0LI[9*L5)^A(R/8UP'Q#\?-\/].L=17P7X_P#&WVV^-E]A^'_AH^)M
M1M

M!OT5@?VZ?^@/KO\ X+3_ /'Z/[=/_0'UW_P6G_X_0!OT5@?VZ?\ H#Z[_P
MT_\ Q^C^W3_T!]=_\%I_^/T 4_!?_(7_L*^(_\ U)=8KJZ\Z\(ZR8M%?V3

MH_MT_P#0'UW_ 
%I_P#C] &_16!_;I_Z ^N_^T__'Z/[=/_ $!]=_\ !:?_
M (_0!OT5@?VZ?^@/KO\ X+3_ /'Z/[=/_0'UW_P6G_X_0!OURFH?\CCX:_[!
M'BG_ -&^&ZN?VZ?^@/KO_@M/_P ?KF;[62WBSP])_9.N#9I/B4;#IWS-OE\.
M_,H\_E%V8=L_*SH,'=D 'HM%8']NG_H#Z[_X+3_\?H_MT_\ 0'UW_P %I_\
MC] &_16!_;I_Z ^N_P#@M/\ \?H_MT_] ?7?_!:?_C] &_16!_;I_P@/KO_
M (+3_P#'ZXKXC_%OP[\+? /C'XC^+K+6['PUX(\.:OXFUFX-@BL+'1[*:]E@
M@$ERBRWEYY2V=A;AO

3B\9B*.%PN'HP
M=2MB

3CL;7IX;!X+#UL7B
ML36FJ='#X;#TY5J]:K.3484Z5*$ISDVE&
6WHCYZ^*8/QV_:4\ ? V#_ $CX





?A7PRG]DZV^SP_HR;TT
MXLC;=.MAN1O/&Y6QE3@9!!Q0!W]%8']NG_H#Z[_X+3_\?H_MT_\ 0'UW_P %
MI_\ C] &_16!_;I_Z ^N_P#@M/\ \?H_MT_] ?7?_!:?_C] &_16!_;I_P@
M/KO_ (+3_P#'Z/[=/_0'UW_P6G_X_0!OT5@?VZ?^@/KO_@M/_P ?H_MT_P#0
M'UW_ ,%I_P#C] &_16!_;I_Z ^N_^T__'Z/[=/_ $!]=_\ !:?_ (_0!GM_
MR/4?_8J3?^GNLWXI?WP+\9_ OB'X;_ !'\/V?B;PCXFLS9ZGIEX'0@HXFM

M9_9WS_\ (8@?=M\_[G;=GKVKJO[=/_0'UW_P6G_X_73@L;B\NQF%S#+\5B
%




3Q


?H



M?H_MT_\ 0'UW_P %I_\ C] &_7P_X^#?M%?M(Z!\(X
W/PE_9PO?#GQ0^
+8
M+Z?XJ^
G-_;N:8.MC










M3Q%H^L#P_8[?IB@! ,# _S[GW/4GN:JM]Y0WU /\Z6B@#\._V3U4?\%S_^


@_(5\2_'%1\</CU\+OV;K<BY\$^#(]
_:(^/
M



M+Z3J-A;V/PU^&^Z2..XCM?AW\/K;0MEM9@NOMXAOF59]0GS]]PC_PA9=G/
M&]3W

MY_Q?_P +N99-P/37/A\RE_;?$Z6L(\




2L+6PV)P]2-6C6HUG.#A.G.
91:?36ZN:KA7$\88
M;&9)3X?Q?$F&QV&J87'99ALMQ&9QQ&&Q$'3J4:V'H4JTI0J0DXM..M]-=3PK
+/@5\*/C'XV\7^!?&NEDR:!XS\^+?!7@+5K#2-

MAI4D=YKUII\.B
8+3[3-


MXR;.\OR+.\='+.!N



FVJO]9G:.NT?7 I
IC( (]5&X?^.@U\G1?L__


M\QX_I8Z/






MMH)#/9)
MO=!9TD5?:?^'G_[#'_1;U_\-I\8/_G?5]-? KX_K]F_X=Z=\+


_XU\P_M2?
M$SQ-X.\(:'X!^&

M

MW 'BI.A@J*DJ&'\6N$ZF+QF)JSIT
'E^!I/P4C[?





M#

MS*G!.E2S#
L31H-8:G1C'Q.!J/A7DV2NMQ%P1XB8SBK/
55SSBC%X#Q7X9H8






MG?PEXS\11?!O]E&RU3X3Z3HUSKV@ZIX+T3XC?%:.X\5?$M=&77]?TBV\&W6A


M6G_LV+_@FU_Z9/CM7[AU^'G[*'_*=#_@K3_V;%_P3:_]
GQVK]PZ BBB@ H
MHHH Y3P7_P @)?\ L*^(_P#U)=8KJZY3P7_R E_[OB/_P!276*ZN@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH *Y34/^1Q\-?]@CQ3_PC?#==77*:A_R./AK_ +!'BG_T






?Y[]
MZ^/OV/\ P[K&J^&?&'[0WC33;K3?'O[2_B-/B)+IVHJJZEX6^%]K:G2O@GX#


VFA:UXETZ/Q/J)F.(



MKZ4N(

6TT?:%1O+'&CR2.J1H
MK.\C$+&B(SL[G(J@$LS
 H!)( KXT;PU^W-\0BQUWXD_!']G71Y)(98]-^


MMS\:_$WQ:_:0O?-%PT?QM^)&N:UX2$K
7F$/PJ\*GPA\(X()&('DCP+(%B2.


E+$97Q7F:34N2G4LK]/X



B'.!C-=4 !T 'T&*

XRMVR?


DN27M8N3?\
M*SIW_!.S_@H7JG_!0N#XQ^)Y[/PKX8U/X_77Q-UGQS\.?BIH4UKH?ABZUV::
MZU[P9X#\=7GB*1K:!IHUT[PYXI\/ZNP5F^VZ7
ZB)?WS7]DZ+49A-XS_ &B?


1+(/XVSZ/17T-#+
MPTN?#9?@

?N=




M:5;-L\




MASX;\%D





+)/2I0X:
MRK%QS.M4:E&IF^;Y-B*%6ECL@K0CJT445^?GZ%%%% !1110 5R.E_\C=XI



M!J'EO%.B_%OQTNA^!((HY/\ 3?#T'C9F1X;*93]D:OJVFZ#I6IZYK-]:Z7H^



OXGBOO#'P*\
6DND_!CP]-#))+]D
MN=5T.:_^(^LVT+)&FN^/;Z*2









[Q'QULORV#TE'#PK9E7:O\5/$UU@:%*73EG@
3%:ZR/S+ZQX8Y

M^
D\0?MS_$0H-'\ ? _]F_1IBT4U_P#$;Q-K7QZ^($


=F3V
?UI:*]&AAZ&%I1HX:A1P]&'PTJ%.%*G'_#G&
5\D?&YIFV:YWC*



?]C^

XU:-?#UZ





M)JTJ6%Q-6KB

MK4Z=&'$^%H476EEF9NC&GAL-QAE^'IU:F+H4Z=##9]@J
\[RBC3]EG&69+]1







SK





MVT*P%_'?BS7([B




MP_\ B?I/B/PUX8U#Q

U6.STQU\1:9+


M[_XQ^+TTKPW-\&?V=_C=\-/V?_BIK5SJU]%XIG\7_$!?A#_;7B#PY:Q0OHUO
MX=^'#_&[P8FLV&KS-J_B-['Q@FFR:6^B:

M

8
MO^;7   _P0)\=NPXK]PZ 
;_A(_#W_ $'=&_\ !I8__'Z/^$C\/?\ 0=T;
M_P &EC_\?K9HH QO^$C\/?\ 0=T;_P &EC_\?H_X2/P]_P!!W1O_  :6/_Q^
MMFB@#S[P=K^A1:(JR:UI
;?VIXA;:^I6:-M?Q'JSHV&F!PZ

MH_X2/P]_T'=&_P#!I8__ !^LWP7_ 
@)?^PKXC_]276*ZN@#&_X2/P]_T'=&
M_P#!I8__ !^C_A(_#W_0=T;_ 
&EC_\ 'ZV:* 
;_A(_#W_0=T;_ 
&EC_\
M'Z/^$C\/?]!W1O\ P:6/_P ?K9HH QO^$C\/?]!W1O\ P:6/_P ?H_X2/P]_
MT'=&_P#!I8__ !^MFB@#&_X2/P]_T'=&_P#!I8__ !^C_A(_#W_0=T;_ 
&E
MC_\ 'ZV:* 
;_A(_#W_0=T;_ 

M:E9E$:27P[L5F$VU2^Q]@)!;8V


B/A[]K'Q+IOQ0
MOOAY^RAH.NV('QLO[G5OBYJ5GJ=NO_._L]^;JPO?'RS7
-P?L=Y\1M2GT3
MX6Z/YJ



LWEFW'-=2YN*ZF'CDJDFG1X.RMXB'#:C&T6EFGUO
.)W[6$
M
51?$/\ 9^)3^H4HPQO^$C\/?]!W1O\ P:6/_P ?H_X2/P]_T'=&_P#!I8__
M !^MFBO@S[\QO^$C\/?]!W1O_!I8_P#Q^C_A(_#V0/[=T8DD  :G9$DG@  3




MJTN&

7*E3SS-\GHU5B%W7Q5_;'^&O@7Q))\
MO 5IJGQV^.+Q;H?A)\+)])U#4=%#K.(M1^)7B_4KZQ\_;0$EB7[1J7CO7M


S&_X2/P]_
MT'=&_P#!I8__ !^C_A(_#W_0=T;_ 
&EC_\ 'ZV:* 
;_A(_#W_0=T;_ 
&E
MC_\ 'Z/^$C\/?]!W1O\ P:6/_P ?K9HH QO^$C\/?]!W1O\ P:6/_P ?H_X2
M/P]_T'=&_P#!I8__ !^MFB@#&_X2/P]_T'=&_P#!I8__ !^C_A(_#W_0=T;_
M 
&EC_\ 'ZV:* /.CK^A?\)M'+_;6D^5_P (M-'YG]HV?E[_ .V8'V;_ #MN

MEO+KRQQ3O I
JP220S1QS

NN

MB\!^'O%/CTN_9%D\'Z)K5MO)Z!KA1@@E@I!J)?B_XBU
2IX9^'Q:U5E_P!5
M=:WI_A;P)I[C&=[GQCXHTS5XUQ@D#0Y)1G;Y6]6_
OQ X-FW'!9_@LYJIR3
MP_#BK\3XN+BKM2P?#U'
\5%]DZ*NTTKO0X_[3P#TIXFGB):^YA.;&35M[T\+


M!Q]=:7?L(86U_P[F%7!S=NMHO;2YZP/$?AYCM77='9LXVKJ=DS9]-JS$Y_
MJNH^



MX7R3 TYMJ
LXXJK1QM%:6E4P&4\.YK@JK=_@IYW%737M-F/VN8SUA@\/33ZU

+]@\
M


M5T_2].TFV2STNPL].M(P%CMKUM[*W15R%5(;6.&)57)P%0 9XJZ54\D D=




%D.:4:^ XD
&X?S3/*F<XG 59TLBXCJX
MO
?[-S;/_CLJQ698;'3X%XTS;
)YCBZ&+_U9XCHU

7GU3$9KB
&+IQ4





M'-&DL


MI^-+?P%^RWX6O;JQU_\ :-U/5-(\8:K82/#=^%O@-X5AL]0^

0JJH!)9B2 %4 EB3@

MV\OQ:\;KKGCZZ#JS3^'T\$1
[+8Q@?=\$0AED\RXUQ

P-7WL534O@N.:D\SAEG!&%G


MNB:18Q8\V]U35=2GMK#3[2($&2XN[B&) 1EQD5\42?M'_%O]H/.F?L=^![5/
M!=UF&?\ :F^
VCZWHWPJ6WD4*][\)/A^7T?QU\;KF/=(UEK*MX
(LUK4\JX;RA.'-2P^(S
M&LHT)XV=$ZFR3+XXO.\QA2G3RG+,;6BJ3^J/BG\8?AC\$OT_C3XK^-M \

_&/XK2V6JZSH


%6:QM2.Z6
S*
MDXN@VFN:AECA*G4B^7
\32DX'TO]L\&\'VAPS@:/&?$%-VEQ3Q-ET7PY@JT;





(;C_CWG_ZXR_^@-6%X._Y%'PM_P!B

P^P\7:]G6Q-2E33MK9R
MVU,JM:C0ASUZM*C!;SJU(TX+_MZ;2_$]$HKPX?'?1=2,8\&^/BIX[68'RKG
M0_ &L:/I

J=RLPQEI\3?'K6UD71_AAX/\





M9/2EETX/OC
30HP:\OJKQU2[[2I0[.QV7B;XK_#/P:[P^*?'W@_0;I.!8ZGX


 7PCX+\*^&?EVL
MV@^'])TF1^
$R365I#-*Q'WGDD=F/+
3S78;1T(SCD;OF_4Y-'U/CK&:XC.^
M'LEHU/CPV5Y-B\UQ]!73_P!GSK


M)\/Q@KI\LJ?!E#ABCB(O9K%T\0W&R;=KA]04OX^
Q]=]+XEX6WRR^.#C+_M]


O_8.N*^NX%XQQ_ ?$
M^6\38#8#
?<38S#X78OB#.
RSG$X7 PJ

M )&[Q3_V#___HO6J .NHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** /P\_90_P4Z'_!6G_LV+_@FU_Z9/CM7[AU^'G[*'_*
M=#_@K3_V;%_P3:_],GQVK]PZ BBB@ HHHH Y3P7_P @)?\ L*^(_P#U)=8K
MJZY3P7_R E_[OB/_P!276*ZN@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI-PSC(SZ#D_D.:


QF!\.^$







_-_:-U9QI_RT=!7#F_$
M?#_#\:4L]SS*
G6(DXX?^T\QPF!EB9K_ )=X:.)JTY8BJ]HTJ*G4DVE&+;2/




M3



MQG\
?#@^*'CGQ#\-+O2;&UT&/3=!\*^!7US7-'L+&T32O$DWBG5I?&L$L^KV

7B



M=X6\












M)8W&A?#ZZ^-7Q PZ




GI(^
MD^']2^*OCR&

2.
#R^/XP_MGZH(XM$_9_\&^$[9=L$
-ZO
MC'Q+]FW

M A3P[\+O $

M97O/$

MXCZM%8J!$D!CUA]2A5)T=KCS5E*?\









MRL5KX9AC48 4#(KV30_#OA[PQ9)IGAO0](\/Z;&08]/T/2[/2+&/ P-EIIUO

S/%9IQEFF(G6G[2I]=P.&_




UPM@J-3W7)45PC1R3
:V'


7B

M42YYMV5W.4FWJVV  '   ] 


M).QN.E87@\_\4EX6Z_\ (N:)V/\ T#+7VH Z2BDR/?\ (_X49'O^1_PH 6BD


CW_ /^% T4F1[_D?\*
CW


M8IPJY!^Z/X6]/I3LCW_(_P% T4F1[_ )'_  HR/?\ (_X4 +129'O^1_PH

CW_(_P% UR.E_\C=XI




^L_#+XK?%7]F/X@-\6KGQ3#;W
M'ACPQ\'/!7[



MQ?\ !-K_ -
GQVK]PZ 
#_A&-%_Y\A_X$7G_ 
DT?\(QHO\ SY#_ 

MI]-NO$2Z
ZZE87YN6T5]9TI=0#R,!A.H6I7S?-$N8]C_2%%=.QN+RW&83


M


;J^&=&08C

M;;;IQBW=MMWZMOJ?4QC&48148I62BE%)=DE9)&&?#NE'@P3$=,&^U$C'H0;
MS!'J*C/A?1&Y:R#'U:XO&/TRUR3CVKH**Z6V]VWZMO\ ,9SW_+:%_SX)_W^
MN_\ Y)IW_,:(.ED!_V\7G_R36_12LELK 8'_
:+_SY#_P(O/\ Y)H_X1C1

\_\ UQE_] :L+P=_R*/A;_L7-#_]-EK0!)_PC&B_\^0_\+S

328\^

M^@# _P$8T7_ )\A_P!%Y_\DT?\(QHO_/D/_ B\_P#DFM^B@# _X1C1?^?(

^-/\ D3_%7_8NZU_Z;KB@5?#&B;5_P! ^4?


M .2:WZ* 

M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?AY^RA_RG0_X*T_\

*?_1OANNKKE-0_Y''PU_V/%/_
M *-\-T =71110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W'_'O/\ ]<9?_0&K\'?\BCX


M5U] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5S/C3_ )$_Q5_V+NM?^FZXKIJYGQI_R)_B

M KD=+_Y&[Q3_ -@_PO\ ^B]:KKJY'2_^1N\4_P#8/\+_ /HO6J .NHHHH **


M3?\ I[@KKZ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KF?&G_(G^*O^Q=UK_TW7%=-7
^-

M4 ==1110


MNUMC;6ES+%Z57Y9_\%9/!?@GQ5^SY!K.K?$7QI\%OB3\.YO&/C;X
?%[PWHL

MN;3POXM\+^-[;PYJ]N ?8/Q%_:Y_9D^$OPVT;XP?$7XZ?#+PG\

M_X:_:O^%6K)






MG]Y?^^A_C7XQ?\.:[C_I*]_P6=_\3=L/_G0T?\.:[C_I*]_P6=_\3=L/_G0T
M ?L[O3^\O_?0_P :-Z?WE_[Z'^-?C%_PYKN/^DKW_!9W_P 3=L/_ )T-'_#F
MNX_Z2O?\%G?_ !-VP_\ G0T ?L[O3^\O_?0_QKE-0=/^$Q\-?
O_ /%/\
G]Y?\ OH?XU^
7_#FNX_Z2O?\ !9W_ 
3=
ML/\ YT-'_#FNX_Z2O?\ !9W_ 


MQ\(0=I:

MQ
5


M6=_\3=L/_G0T ?L[O3^\O_?0_P :-Z?WE_[Z'^-?C%_PYKN/^DKW_!9W_P 3

M^-?C%_PYKN/^DKW_  6=_P#$W;#_ .=#1_PYKN/^DKW_  6=_P#$W;#_ .=#
M0!^MS.G_  G4?S+_ 







M9+W3X%U&UCN[5[FS
T*75NSB9 #^A='38OS+]U?XAZ#WIV]/[R_]]#_&OQ=@
M_P-]Q+##+_ 


G]Y?^^A



M 


_&VK6^G:?:7%_JU[8:!/8Z191_:M2N;6)XFDXRU_:



MXO\ 3[2QOFU7PQJ%GJ\




M):ZCI6K:9=VM_I]];22075K/%-$[(X- '0T444 %%%% !1110 445\[_ !^_

M='4JZ.C JR.I*LK AE)!!!(JEI&D:5H&E:9H6A:9I^BZ)HNGV6DZ/H^DV5MI
MNE:3I6FVT5GIVF:9IUE%!9V&GV%G##:V5E:0PVUK;110011Q1H@\=U;]I+X*



;'P3KUQJ5WI\&C75GKMW\/O&EO


MASQ[X7M]9\'ZU=Z'JMII^M3W-C/$GT70 4444 %%%% !1110 45F:WK6D^'-











M;ZGJ
4*7E_!I2ZA?KIL-W--'8K?7@M5B%S




M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

M'B'Q/H?PZTN^OK'0+4V]LJ0W=S8#7=3-GIMO(L:WM]IOP/\ #7X?K\.M7?XK



UWX'\2ZU
 M+\/ZWXF\#^(?&?A7_A8'Q.TC1O#U[K







M\2:+I/Q$\$:AJ.E:;=//GQ18) DLZ:A%8_?V!QP.

MZG\Z /@CX#^'_BCJW[5?QB^.$.L^.M0^ ?Q7^#'PCM]#\/?&CX;V_@#XA_#[

M$6N^);6T^]Z0 #H /H




M+3P?#.E_!_1?C7\#_C[KL]]XOCAGT73]?\*:=\
=?^#5CX.GNI?$^HWT'AZ\
MTZSN/.HKKUG^O)53U4'Z@'^=&!G.!GUQSW'\B?S- 'YH??09]'^+/_  5?





M_NO:UXA\%_!;P3\9?V=-.UKQ)XET+2--N+WPQI@\-_'7OBSK=GJ\45]H5E



MQ5I=J^84#*A? WE%9F94W9V*S
X3:'8MDT_ SG SZXYX.1^O/UYI: BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@








M_P 



T::]BTVWU+Q/K6G:'9






MA*E:C2JU,+B'0E7PTZD(SEAZ\L-6Q&&E
M6HR;IU'A\17H.<9.E6JT^6<OU\(^./!?C_39]9\^+?#/C+2;;4;S2+G4_
/?V$?





'@;3O
+?V<O'
M'[5_@7]JCX1_&WX:_#:U_9H^.OB7PG\%-(T?QYXLLOAIH^H:IJG[8?PU\9:A
MJ7PT\+2^%-;U'X6/)XS\_Y/#-G\;?AKXS\&ZIX9UW6[W3/%.DZ9I(!^\]9

M9=3K#*8HG$;E?SL_9A^



M#=:?9Z'XCTC5KC5?^E^-M-CT^]BNOM_A+6I&ATCQ%:/6CN-)U&1&6SO(W:




MNBOY[_@Q^V;^T-\6?C7\(O@5J_[0MKX/T;5?C5_P4^^#_B[Q5X:TSX.ZUXQO
MO#W[.ES\-]2^!WB$^(_$/@F;PM'XCT'0/&%T9]=LO ]GX?\ '&E16^NW^A7?
MG1ZNW4_LV?M^^



O;P%]J5[-%9Z?:&X$][=RQ6MM'+/+'&WY)_L<?MI


MG9[;[&%GPQ-:I0HSJTL+7QDXN-L/AI8:-:?-*

MA'#4?JV5XA*M6IRKNCAU5KT_H2D)QSS^ )_0 FO@;_A2?[?_ /T?'\*?_$
]


O


\7E]/
M
AC:\+3E]]5R/C/
MQ_X%^'.E0:Y\0?&?A3P-HESJ6GZ-;ZQXP\1:1X9TJ?5]7NH['2M+BU'6[RQL

FH#21


L1@


MN+F/4M4M]-\R/^T)K&VGCLO-B^U-%YB;M:'5])N-3OM%M]3T^?6=
L].U#4M





MV
?VE]=^(7CZU^)_Q(^%/B;3;J1O&WPE\




+%M7U73=+74]1L]'TYM1




M#R+_ ()AKX
E_9$\?_ G]J(^$=0_:3_X:%_:G'[77@'QI#:'Q=XM^)7BO]H3
MX@^)= \4ZGX?U+?K/BS0O&'PTOOAIK/P?\2:7;ZGI5Q\.%\6/@R\@LML-/








M\6W_ 
!?BGX=\

M9\X\%?M=?&#X3_#?P%X



S3.D
6Z1U4]/9WEIJ%I:W]C

R.C*RD@@U^(W_!6+6/
M$]Y_P1'^


M=Z;\?=


?C[QAX6\0Z7XAT74-%U70XH]8OM;\.Z5?:5  ?LUK?C_ 




1**HT9



6BZ?:6VIP6
DXU9<
MV$SK$8RBJT
@SNG%RG'EQ$

M3M#





MQ7\;=
^'&K_ME?LGZIKWQ&TS4_#FI_M%:U9^!='M_!#_ !&*ZQ?^$?&_Q(O/



M'DCN(6DV9/%_A2'Q);^#9?$WAZ+Q==6#:K:^%I-:TQ/$=SI:&57U*WT-KH:I
M-IZ-!



M8G((5R00/Q?_ .A?B:+PY_P4?\ ^3M[;?$'X:_#?5+*R_;TE'B7XH6
M&]

_%U]I?

MPNT[XFW^O-'=0^
O#V@7DD2Z




M+O#'[4\VN_%^#]B?6_VR-






/QA^*7P;TCQ
M-\3K+PMXJ^$7_!8_]G?X:VOPFF\(13'X9V,S77PV^*%Q:76F_\ ;W]M\5=

MWX$_M6?M.?M


[

.-3M1(2B(.% '%5%\.ZK3NNBZ2


UW;VTB1*\$%U-;6\MS#$R1SR00R
YCN0$47$=PT)F2<+%&!*KB0-

MJ[10 FU0Q; W$*I; W%5+%03C)EV(!. 68@ DYJ+IU@OVO;96B_V@+[%M
M/M@8.I%WB

FF:7;V]IIU
MA]CMVM+*VM;465M!:P/&T<$4%H!:Q+&H6_[D80E3JT4 91T+12&4Z1IA#
&
M8'3[
AF E4


1JHP 





IM6E9I&B+DL6?V%HO;2=
'&.-/LN 69\?ZCIO=WQTW
S=6).K10

?#'PGJ^F:HOAR?PSX=TWX26WC2R




M



CA99 
!W!UJ* 
V/1M)A
MO[G58M

5O^XCVQ?)20



M 4444 %%%% &9!HND6M_=:K;:7IUMJ=]!;VU[J-O8VL%_=V]HI6U@NKR*)+F

M1KA7=0P#
#+10!&\44C1
\:.T+F2%F4
T4ACDA
D;$$QN8II8BZ%6

M)1V!3R8C

6MD9

6\4-L(HQ;Q1QK'(T$2H$4[10!D
MC0=$4


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
&BBB@#__9
end







begin 644 cbapr.jpg


    /@

M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M                                                 $QA8V5Y(%=E
M:6YB;&%T=   !9 #  (    4   0J) $  (    4   0O)*1  (    #-#
M )*2  (    #-#


M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M                         #(P

#
Z
38@
3 Z-# Z-#$ 
C Q-SHP
M
SHQ-B Q
#HT
#HT


&UL;G

Z;65T82\B/CQR9&8Z4D1&


3DY.2\P
B\R
BUR9&8M



M+3$Q9&$M860S
2UD
S-D-S4Q.#)F


M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @

R\J


_H![DX'
MXUX!J_C*ZU74I+RZV^8QPJD9$:YZ#_&L:M94SLPV%E7NULCZ+!# $'(/(([T
M5X?X)^(4NE:['::E-YEA=.(V;=D1$\*X]!T!'X]J]PITZBJ*Z(Q&'G0E:044


FO-*\CR2
MR[Y)LL[DY+$\G)]<U'Q^F!7BU)N<G)GU]BJ
%!=!2.
#D8KWWX6^
&\1:&;

-J
]5SR_P#P(\_3





M$_LZP;-.ES*T@ZO(O\ ?8 @^Y/M6=6?)!R.C#4O;55 \TUC6;WQ%JTU[?/

MM\O4Y&T5ZGXB0GX!:0 





M@=\

M

MC!8



]&\0V





M_+ 9\8SUSS^5:/CN6\N-0\!RZG:K9W3WP

M;?&5PP]


)4(*F


^7(.A^AZ'V-;M%)I




*M237/%%_J:)LCNIBR(?O!1A1GWP
#V].:^A?AGX3_X1GPTLEW'MU^Q+/D<H/X4_ '




Y]:B\*ZI?W_
1J<\<19R?+4(I 7T
M ST%0E!K;?0UE*M&5W+:S_0G@\)/#\1)O$YO%99+06PM_+P01CYMV?;TJ*+P


MA-[[Q_IGB07:HMC T1M_+R7SNYW9X^]Z=JX_2]3NO$4VD6(U6\^P:EJ.HR-+
M%

M[1F


!K



)+^2
MVCM5:WO)(R8T^Z#M(S3XO!&DPZO+J
+WR2S3&:5%O)!&[$8)*9P:Z*BI]G'L
M7[:I:W





M4= !P!6F%I7?.S#
\3RQ]E'=[^@^BBBO2/G@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K!U_P5H?B5S)J=GF?9L\


 'defref_brew_DocumentandEntityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInEmployeeRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DescriptionOfNewAccountingPronouncementsNotYetAdopted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeasesDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollaborativeArrangementDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsIndefiniteLivedPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RefundableDepositsOnKegsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ExciseTaxPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TaxesCollectedfromCustomersandRemittedtoGovernmentalAuthoritiesPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_IntangibleAssetsEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_LoanAgreementFeeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeLiabilitiesAtFairValueTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateIntrinsicValueTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockOptionsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ScheduleOfRentalIncomeRecognizedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfBreweriesOwned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfPubsOperated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfStatesProductIsDistributed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RefundableDepositsOnKegs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_KegEquipmentNetOfAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ThresholdForExciseTaxesParameters'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfBarrelsFirstTierFederalExciseTaxLessThanSevenDollarsPerBarrel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfBarrelsSecondTierFederalExciseTaxLessThanEighteenDollarsPerBarrel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventoryPackagingAndOtherSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventoryMerchandise'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_InventoryFoodAndBeverage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PromotionalMerchandise'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PromissoryNotesPayableToIndividualLendersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NotesWithAffiliatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableToBanksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaturitiesOfLongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NotesPayableTermLoanBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FundedDebtRatioMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FixedChargeCoverageRatioMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableToBanksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FundedDebtRatioMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaturitiesOfLongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_AvailableOnLineOfCreditRequiredForAcquisitionsMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaturitiesOfLongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=brew_NotesPayableToRelatedPartyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PromissoryNotesPayableToIndividualLendersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfIndividualsWithExecutedPromissoryNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NotesWithAffiliatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeNetHedgeIneffectivenessGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_InterestRateSwapAgreementInterestRateRiskMitigatedPercentageOfTermLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeMaturityDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgesPretaxAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeVariableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsFinancialLiabilitiesBalanceSheetGroupingsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsFinancialLiabilitiesBalanceSheetGroupingsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationProfitLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_GrossMarginPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=brew_BeerRelatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationProfitLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_GrossMarginPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=brew_PubsAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationProfitLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_GrossMarginPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_AccountReceivableConcentrationOfRiskSalesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_AccountReceivableConcentrationOfRiskSalesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAllocationAndClassificationInFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAllocationAndClassificationInFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAllocationAndClassificationInFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=brew_StockGrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=brew_StockGrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsAnnualNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToNonEmployeeDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfNonEmployeeDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=brew_StockGrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=brew_StockGrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=brew_StockIncentivePlan2014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PerformanceGoalsNetSalesPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpectedtoExpire'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpectedtoExpireWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsIncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseMealsAndEntertainment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DeferredTaxAssetsNetOperatingLossesAndAlternativeMinimumTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NetOperatingLossAndAlternativeMinimumTaxCreditCarryForwardsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsAlternativeMinimumTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_EligibilityAgeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_EmploymentTermEligibilityMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_EmployeeContributionVestingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DefinedContributionPlanPreviouslyForfeitedMatchingContributionsUsedToFundCurrentMatchingContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_OperatingLeasesSubleaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NoticeRequiredFromLesseeToTerminateLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FeeRequiredOfLesseeForEarlyTerminationOfLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseSubleaseRentals1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueAfterFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=brew_PurchaseObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueAfterFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=brew_SponsorshipObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueAfterFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfLimitedLiabilityEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RightToBuyoutLeaseFacilityMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfAdditionalLeaseRenewalPeriods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfAdditionalLeaseRenewalPeriods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfAdditionalLeaseRenewalPeriods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PercentageOfCommonStockHeldByLessor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_OperatingLeasesRightOfFirstRefusalFeePaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschWorldwideInvestmentsLLCABWIAndAnheuserBuschLLCABMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionProposedSaleofStockPricePerShareMinimumPeriodOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionProposedSaleofStockPricePerShareMinimumPeriodTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionProposedSaleofStockPricePerShareMinimumPeriodThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=brew_InternationalDistributionAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionRoyaltyFeePerBarrel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=brew_InternationalDistributionAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionRoyaltyFeePerBarrel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfBarrelsToBeBrewedByAffiliate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionRequiredCostSavingsToShareSavingsPerAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysForPriorWrittenNoticePerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysFollowingReceiptOfQualifyingOfferPerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysForPriorWrittenNoticePerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysFollowingReceiptOfQualifyingOfferPerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyContractTermRevenueRecognitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionPossibleOneTimePaymentPaidByAffiliate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysFollowingReceiptOfQualifyingOfferPerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionMarginFeePerCase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionMarginFeePerCaseRemovedByAmendedAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountPerCaseToBeReinvested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionPeriodInWhichAffiliateMayTerminateAgreementPerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOptiontoPurchaseYearOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOptiontoPurchaseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOptiontoPurchaseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_PabstNorthwestBrewingCompanyPabstMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    (  (<$H?(\\#P    !




NEE%$5'7]-.($Q<0M2KPMHOFCQ*C=VY.6
MK1.!^ 8^Y?/GR6W*@CE(SY''S2P70SVMXEH<*:'8F $CJB%:F

MM)+R

Q;^$*F&$T:;O NJ%.%?_Q
X=8.?DF
R2&H:A'.HYEW?@

M]8??5=AZ;?;F'QM?!+L6?MU%]P502P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F

9FV-J/D3@H\W/[O#;#Q([A[8N_
M 5!+ P04       B'!*%W/





RC
R.6



$'A!(VQX$2P(1Z=?!38^HCX(V+G(Q)XS'H8VSI\8@^@^D)2$\L
M/1G14R=$/B*#!6:@P,RCSQV!#C&SB*9#Y$3_8)445$D]E=Q1\1$X@A4R4'S
M^=B1  33LQ!B;G/=Y)E T FLB4')7*?/W,D $@*2^ (KKK(MYY=1=Y'YU$



%

.UC_W*
M)DZF[7I


;VCZ$E']ZK[I6%2L;







MIQZD+S 

M&VMP&SME[M]G^.6X95(%)(P.O(^!^MA@'P
5K0/G\$/.Q II?**;!=['0'V
MGY@-ER%7ZL/


IT

MM8CK[?4[SW6C;\[3-ZS\]B%M_1]02P
$%     @  (AP2KBAP03V 0  AP4


(


&UL
M?9==CZLV$(;_N+^+!Z;#[-*(FT25:W42JM3M;UF$R=!!W *SN;TW]=\; X[
M
YR; 
XS
Z\'\(M7=]M^ZR[&N.![737=.KPX=WV.HNYP
771/=FK:?P_)]O6
MA?.7[3GJKJTICD-07452B#2JB[()-ZMA[+7=K.S-565C7MN@N]5UT?ZW-96]
MKT




J.D:B
Z8U
A=(S8[#(


MD6.H1.0+5@*\ 0)U0.Q9VXGYO#!AQ0R3&SW#475V7@W0^H_6EL?Q.3?NHR

MC0T0&
_R2S-9YS@


G)WO/5'+D
M_
48WTY;/S@$*I3 2BEQOL@%(32
OX



MX:S

M







M:H#AJ('N#/350(T;F

M:1ZVP]G^5@] 63_]6
;^W/MH_'22U46?0D,)6M!@D/)1IHH60K2(*AY%&0
MZ*O$JRN]EHMBN=C:!WU[0VJY2'0K.;82B.*P7JN^'$B)@10/%)*^7B2F'P@


Q
M:8GF0^1KYP 9


#

8HF@[PY:/I$ FB65\US$:&+7#:1G24


)15BJ%VS7F8TZ+LA#S)^@?.781XX.<$--9#A1(]V1:'
MXY/N3M:=9HQKXVZ&V<H,!@G;+?%^1D8=U]DA
#L<R\ES
M7E5YUA[

)4U@$)OC+8R<6JENCW&,J^!$?G .VCU2LD%
M(TJ'HL*R$T *2V(4^ZX;84::UDECFSN)-.8719L63@+)V-$_


O9'!DG



 Q$%LH6J %@BW:/BLV
M$QLK6ZZDQ-N_+R4K7GGF
OL2V\KEZ Y%SB'%Q;ENOK4[Y[K9]T-U;!_FNZX[



M_*_H&F6[/[ACNZ^/L\:]/

[^3[K4WFNZV_]C]^V#_.X


5;
M.93?+Y_[X_!Y'N-_-

-]-A 7QNH]-
&-#:@'PW
IPW
V

$
)
 EJ6Q

M%=N4/UVIRC/-1(44V=18;#B#AC-@.&.&

M\
K&P
I*(RD?3%)C
Y90(359')@Z.32; [
Y




MRQ%=]KR


M _%L8
FC

9\TI)/OCISPP I.1^*

MP!MA4!#8P8C5&OU\!P


M6P DLF(Z2)'.0NM*PA0B0$^)E8$]AIB$P!$(J\B6R 1(1)1!8\I]#XQ%P@
MP 6Q5R-9SM.4O]E(KY4+( H8TL@\%@ !C$7LW(@IZ(=W% 1!S1!1 I90/O
MH0VF@P%T



M

$%     @  (AP2J+QL/VQ 0  T@

AP





M8[9L00M[A3UT_J9&HX7SIFF8[0V(*H*T8GRWNV%:R(X66?2=3)'AX)3LX&2(


[IW?YP
M3$-\#/@A8;2K


9A0Z*H_$%XD276]






O

RYX;6Q]4]MNVS 

WF<-R%^!CP0\#@%F<2
M*CD;\QR
KU5.DR ())0^


5_@PM(# ]*
$=II(LK*7OGC9I84(KB
M+^
8XQJ3+F#F(?N<(EU+<4S_@:?K\.VJPFV$;_]0
M^)_\NU67238?5CB6LS?*MFBIPIL$Z?)D=+T.D[RPCL/[&T:W^1W^#CM#]PV


]J)1$FEGJZJ56FFT5=MG)G$2M%Q2()/M

?*=79G;(2AIX.R('[06[N<)E!T+NJ=OCF?9



M5] '2FIHQ*#LQT_P%S/+25S\9_@@K#HQ+


GE1U


34N



M?7

MK!
-? '_M;O88+&9I9(:C)-HB(4ZIX_;TWD?XU/ -PF#6YQ)K.2*^!*-CU5.


5_@ANH$!Z5A!PE*I=64O;.HYY8@A0M7L==FK0/X\W]
M;H*M _@$X#/@F/*P

K4AW0;P+WENQ

VN/;11@'
#KY.\+V'&MQLH+
M


Y9RX


M2K(T26Z8XD+3(HN^DRDR[)T4&DZ&V%XI;MZ.(''(Z8:^.YY$T[K@8$76\09^
M@OO5G8RWV*Q207:M3$0)W3N\WAN OX/@M8++
PF5G!&?@_&]RFD2$@()







2
M5S#[_XMDBYXJ



H(4I+Q

MU9V
M]C
4K8*M&U1$P-51F^WAV
2XF/ [Q8&NSB34
D9\3D8W\J









3'@!\!KLXDU#)&?$U&%^JG&Z()!0NL# _7:!

GG5






[6;38S%()

QS
.ZKG9!$$@H?6#@N%W@#J0,
M1CC]\1)YY0!N#R_L7^-M6

WR#J9YK2J;B




%F

M;58K0
JFJEJIE5:IVCQ[80 KOE#;+.G?=VP(H2W-B^T9SSES9CS.1V.?7 ?@
MR;.2VA6T\[X_



)2P7:
M:.)A::@=\GQE(7X&/!#P.A69Q(JN1CS%(S/=4%W01!(J'Q@X+A=X1ZD#$0H
MX^?

_J\D;-53!;:-T^1(
M908=)WGE70;V+HUO\AH^3?M7;ENA';D8CR\;^]\8XP&E[&YPA#K\8(LAH?'A

$%     @  (AP2C@X/URT 0  T@
  !D

[6;38S%()!=H)HXF%
M.J?WV\


=


8J[M&T#7.=!5Y%D)(LV6RNF>)TR*+OI,M,M-[*32
)A;JG-YN
M#\==B(\!CP(&MSB34




M\*:;?A;OW'Q%U!+ P04       B'!*
I18=+(!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O




MV8+B]@H[T/ZF1J.X\Z9IF.T
\JE&1IDGQ@B@M-BRSZCJ;(L'=2:#@:8GNE
MN'D]@


MS3[UO2F#

NHR9(YAGGU.D:RD.Z7_P=!V^

M?\+':7_DIA':DA


_15!'U ECM-U@6V@Z3!LP 8$'=8^*S9M

M




O

M 

=F'!3

MR07Q*1J?JYQNHB!04/K((
)VA0=0*A(%&;\F3CJGC
#E^87]8ZH]U'(1#AY0

F2-88)]3\+44)_X&SM?ANU6%NP3?_:/P


7C;##VS;4 GKPKJ5U.6^^[/6.N;$%Q=V4ZT/BG-E9Q

.=W02^!5

@AA&;\G33JG#
2E?5%_BKUC+R?NX
'(7Z+R

7?QU/H

9$L?)'[GF163


M*+#[;XN?


_2N('U!R7+IUIR12K].T29MTZK3N



]UY3


$%     @


M$P[/X HS%Y[=JL\R3)!#@MP1Y/]ML?VB#!S+#*#(C- 4'HB+/ (@44*:8$

)2
MG$'IA);^!DTQ1 +^(L%$I4!M]A$!2P&(/9^L!H2D&^R2 HX#*&TYIE@
+W
M&00%C



M#P0%OCV$ZP&!5
_]KP\$!3X_A.L!@53/)^\'@4I/)[GI&1NA#JY;UM%6GEO7
MJM_
CAWY@VM2DW_POIW_SM6A:G7T*HWM7%U_N9?2+N6],[N^6C_(,9!+?:F
MNYS;:]6WT?W R-/PBY

MHR:WUS1MTB:;:WK]S.JHY$ LX'K]]P7TK-G2+\(



M)&A

MN%22.Y=+[Z9X






M9^
MLJC47(*R7MDHGPW?YX2@


X$N
MA$.
0Z9 
?
'YEB9&STB


M-&'HK-?$,2K+R'H5H@3_4*GV_1D,\,DTI-U].RP+9!NJ11(%T+T.13B5\Q
M-



2YX;6QU4]MN







M!%

M

MYCS&\$7
9HY@GGV6X&L29_X.SM?AV]4
MQ&^7:H?_J._6R7818+=/P3)FQ+?



$%     @  (AP







?XP_'4UHUQ#I*G/:OA

WV)40L4&
?7<3K9TSDL
M'$#G +H$W'H=

M&%^5&

M_$RNO
OHW?EV))_P:6Y_
E6WG49G:6R/^DZJI#1@4XEN;
&-?2H6@T-EW'9O
M]VH:F


M3L9!DS@@0&]

M&IVEL6?4GZ122@.VE.C.-ES;IV(..)3&37=VKL8+
P9&=M-;0.8'*?L#4$L#
AF<T\DXQTNLN [ZR)3@Q6\@[-&9I2Z=\G$&K
\19_.%YX
MTUKO($76LP:^@_W1G[6SR

SB4I'L?5IY

:&C\7_@T4M^8;GAGT$59]WQDVNE++A4-G<NE]9-\6((J*W?IFZOI[<\
M&5;U\YB2Y5]1_ %02P

M

L.12P@X%
8Q



F(9_Y S

1T]RTE%T<T8XX3AJXP\8(@EGV1H&)(_TG
MG(;#-\$,-SY\LU;?W88)MD&K2?8KO7WT56)(<Q_BDR(DF @%Z)A#;*Q&R
M:IP 5?LGJU$AA\Z/R\J[3

MEK(5($VK)-)09?AN?3@F'A\ SRT






X
M+GAM;'64VXZ;

MBMC9F_CTS__-F'BR0:H770.8X%7P5N=A;4QW)$27-0BF'V0'K3VY2B68L4MU


I=)I912J[];U#VVD@QN=A4!'L=


X6G]X3+/^\&3QF 2HFV\C.BAEW_H6
K<=.#
MG:NQOXP+([NI=9*Y?Q?_ %!+ P04       B'!*18!L-+8!  #2 P  &0



0^9 
?//S+&J


LTK-M]

M-O.8S8;3P_*#R/J-J[]02P


=UO?3%


^DHY*MJ #1ZXZQ3&6ZT

MN$BD!LZI_'T&)L8

B1=)

2JAH@/3SV+\#'



M/'#(

; O@T*L4RN:X=:[;$V++%B2S
M5[H#Y6]J;21SWC0-L9T!5D62%(1N-M=$,JYPD47?T129[IW@HX&V5Y*9MX.


MB

M(Z#:F-DF=/]^MJ&

M3G;0VI-**L&

M$W Y9.$V?'
\-]?:. ?)TXY=X3N8']U968O
+&4CH-6-; 
%518^;(^GQ.$]


MY&NWM5R8AD?)?S6EJ;






M]?E=_2'6[FLY
POW6CSSVG4%WF-40\





^A;N0$  !\$   9

 S]%4
?4/FFK@ML TN+
M8@-:(.BP[EFQZ5BH+IZDQ.W?3Y(=(TWU8I'4X3DD);F:E'XS X!-W@67ID:#

&8]
.(*BY42-(M]
K+:AUKCY@

MPDXGYB@$U1];X&JJ48;.@1=V&*P/X*8:Z0%^@_TS[K3S\
K2
0'2

:(%LYTQ^2=,OF*PXU]%\JA(
M'@B*X*
I'&(DI0!(+R4P7%594SA@2,#)C;N$09E2@C$N651/E%@L0E2%2



0S*?[;M^/5S


P]@%P-B/J :!00=%+:N5EF*IM/:WGRZFYY
M]YEYBLA=I&=_90;;R6Z_T]/3Z-'CG#$^#8XF48]9=!AZAB$#(M#9AQ(4E5A0
M*YRQY++$ \*DEY@EPDPP$0:ULC8!.]<1,YP@@@FB-D%TSB *1Y/587B+J;HB
M)#1_(\4VCM)+W 6A&!** 2$R(M1AXO-L4WG?Z@+
AR2X=;TLHCB! E
D  U
M;*0FL7ARAJ87X*(KTYM0BD@%(T(I?9ZAREBE%J,^@?#06D*4T I7A$:6*O




UAJ 8@[&BK#CF'(








V2@W/ 

(HRT)&V#ZO2
MSNU$5?*+8FU/=R*0EZXCXN^6



M)DUF-;W59#AQ:JW7HC1YA))X49(U2AXY*)

G9;JY

M5-


@9Y/44A0%08I:TG1^D9NQ(R]R







632_],4_4$L#!!0    (  (<$KO\9%OZ (  (4





MD5?B47G-L2RY^O

KW@PK+-2U$U

Q?GIM?V;I/4C[;SN?MT@^M(E&(C;84W#Q.8BV*
MPC(9';\[4O\RIPWLMU_9/[KD33)/O!%K6?S*M_JP]%/?VXH=/Q;ZFSQ_$EU

MX2(X6:(.\]!B2 ]#KA'K
8+^(PF
@(L*@JH@+I[VX^

M#'.8JDT#TBAD@UP06$C#&' Y$2HG0N0

J
;EQ.C

Y%/@A(D\Y=+BA*D
Y9+BF1*

M%-R D




M970T.2YX;6R56=N.XD80_17$^ZS=U86-1X T#(H2*9%&&R5Y]D!ST=J8V&;8


M6SXJSFD:Y_\M39)=YF
U_KSQ];#;E_4-;S$[Q3OSIRG_.KWEU95W];(YI.98


M2#US5?UU?;


!) B/M




M=!_8W\QC'6*YBY)/$




!Q2)^/B(
\?

+T:3J_N')B!

MXXXB_:*,CPE '19$#-R
/',R+W^L:Q.#HDZWE'*AB2DK
R
.
/+CO%CL(


(2H) &4
)!D
 XA7FM &FU

M@0.!SS)K18'7F(#: @X'P06FC@:%-F


A?7 (#T0U
\(;3[0 TU7ET$T;SM3
M
5]





@Y+A -UW] MEN




@(/\
MD9'G.QMO0


MAK&P#


GK +IA

MD-!#



M

M!?O2]B5@Y]QSS[5];ISY63;/[4$(%;R41=4NPH-2]4T4M9N#*'E[+6M1Z6]V
MLBFYTL-F'[5U(_BVRJ+

NY/*HBK\1#$[3'LN3-OUM1
MR/
B1.'KQ&.^/R@S$2WG-=^+GT+]JA\:/8HN+-N\%%6;RRIHQ&X1?D$W:QR;

$R0@0=(1I 


($


M/J8 ]CP#3
^(6#(&FCCAL901XF;$)
6 PW4PT !F


M




M*3

OD=LIPC/'2.$CHP* *;.J]


O&#DQ1031B$L) *%1( 5
P0Q2! OMR(!9(%
M5B13*Y+1V=E.,9$[TPERX:Y@!G1#
5

.
M'8J7V!$O.B
 :OZ

MVZV'J9^$GXM:6'LFU1A@/M8GQB15=.Z3LC97\]NP*.E)ZELU;EB\&V*ZA61-
M/Z YPY28_0=02P

I[+_*RF?H[I:K[
ZIG$[E7



M4G:)(L)09&4+P4+

3'.;=D0+.;8M@^0#4?A

F 




M2P









M8\P+P% /=YK!VK


MQYS9J$(7?B+49
&(3A6!--=YAB!-ZEL(XA;&V$() RF$SAB!= M\!+3]!#1F

0)%.F
 XK99@5V; -OFQJQ (&-6() Q*Q#(-BNP91/@

$T4 @-SD=DH._[=M?/DI

MOK7T6/L4:-\L/0 ):FD'RY2_8ZP# S#.F5 I[9] \,Z94G0MLCKQ1HN%UD


P=R]FTIL+0X

M#I![AU*.M










MV992#:*+V-VK&


#*M/4




MM5*T5=MG!X:+UA?6-F'[]_6%4)KR$GN&


M@1H9(_+W:B8A2A6^*U;SMM$[C
!]+=] _AK,T$5Y8ZIX!5[W@@82F0$_1
M\91:O /\[&%2JWU@.[D(\6:#+W6!0FL(*%3:,AS7.$9*+5$QL;[S(D625NX



MGF;9-D&RZ3%Q!
D_!(_;!/M-@KTCV*\)'L.[)CTF=1CN
7$:)MLRZ:9
NB$3

M-F_(W70CA ;C)=P9
YT9Y26@T&B[/9B]] _:!UH
\ZSBY0^C_ -02P
$%




AU@

#R!! Q@#%_5Y / 3$KP'TW0 Z
M!-#7 &96JR_%K
U](8O5HA77H.VW]U3HIPC/J5K]K9XTBVU^4\O3J=G+*LG)
M(KKH1 -FW6/(!$-MS+V+P2

EP
@67$X&K$



S%GE_(90_GTS\


)/U M; 9B/NN


V

M_(%VT

M%%X#7BKH^6SMJ$H.E+ZJS;?CQO64(:BA$$J!R

M;^I?=.VRE@/AL*/U[^HHRHV;N
X13N12BV?:?X6QGLAUQN*_PQ5J5=.9(Z



M2S?9F74GP[CWVC8@LF-##Y$K








Z2)X[QV-


X/0X
=& &
M!^;: 3LD5V=


 
E0KA8P%@#'-V04
+%@P1P3USN OH2
ME@0B-@CX'0XINQQY2(#9GUN

M66MS+&XU9*#-
9$N=6N

M


M#+:[1JTDO455.7$+



MU*NI3]5=3X)F7L/(H)D'. +
@ZMKPM+6K\
5;#/;5F_'MK]MNVJ]7/





V)-UC+^*$D Z
M;S5MQ




Y_ETCZ3&&B6

MJ 9^
0WV76?&MGC'FCGN7Z0?4#\(O52.<(Y/JIC3W

ME5GM;N




?Z4!X7E7^]








M6/$QX;(FG*@!-93B1!\MP1C+X*2V7N!M#X59=6J#'71=T(&&M)@!L$5%+Q




@3J'8H





MQK=IQE_:-W_OL]WU1^Y?F^ZK:[]7EWODRX^F/ UWY-'UHG[]+U!+ P04


M3\4^D(U@=&N#JC+ 89@$%2UJ?S&S:R]B

MR\)KL3\HLQ L9@W=LY]

B
)KR/
8DN2PB C

[+QYK/#8@( &Q!-$5
MP82&2(QPIR)\MEBTDLIFZ=UKO@W/$+@*5YGA+'
PB696$






4#;UBM[QRYJ*C24W'R9
8/=BBJO0(0I%7T:)VL]2N/8DLY6=5%C5[$HX\




* JH@MMZ_49' !#Y(X%NX(9@-6FCPT064UL,FK3Q
M'N)&1 *&8B8K1 $(($X?TV1!!!C $QLZ3#AJ$A,4ZN!/W9@#DRA :*FE
M&%04 XH(3) !

M+K[?& RG#I

Q
M=Q/%F_[0X@TGI^P_4$L#!!0    (  (<$H]]O4D6 




$0MN
M*!9CP@ G1&:Q(2BV_5BL



EE6]=47'+




9#T0^L_$+3'X2
MWYO
?X
K$ 77E2B-BA%AOEXU,GHQ*)*H?C-CFUGQG'BOZ6Y$\(I(9P3@O2?
M=&4$+TGQ





MV9:63M
%7?W!HL9G22 W&2VN(

D%PN\ 1*116\6=B


?4R)DJ5?Q9!




YRU'S8CY

K.GKF@VV:!.YZ]O7?ZWJ;[(K\'SMW7NZ*
M[7\\.YF-GB7?-NNB_H]G-]OM[0]__G.]O'&;K!Z4MZZ 7Z[*:I-MX;_5]9_K






!Z+[8

F6U;

OKUY\O L8GSY.\2#[?E+L:#J5]=0;#

N-2[;9-UY9Y]

MH!\UG/I=;@-;]

UM5=XY_*7N7
I/9;FZS]?K]G8!3J]S




#2BG!UXV09VW4 W




M+*V;]+WSV'.T8\_67A-;2_[W)Y11WY35?5:M6G.AZ-C01-P!^T_XJY1W(+


6CZ2(L/UW6?EO'KP%



FX83:ZYYQ*+Q_M +?PP8
95






J0?+%(?:L=C@ _8A/
M;;+J*WH_<M)D8FJAP8!  T [5+DJ=ML^36[%I/HBD;EP;9
@8&1)7^%=]/D



6!V_W-7+FS1Y]^X\.9+EG1V_E,6]0#)Q
M7U9?!PE\40:H*6&D7+0V=&;;@S$ Q. 1_8W$=S;N8DMM=A1QBBVO-X'QJ

0!$BA^XQQ.J2X80&H6BUX,Q%T-X(BOU@2HPNFO!Y__
T1


SU%<JF_=
X!L

C\$=Y8]JML
M]I%]7I/]@P?IDSZ\#D(E
F:



M4WA'0@W1I@#DC.4G?\N$F@%B@%.#NOV'*.&P:BAYZ/!J-DDP.VP59 6'+[


J+A&#EEL)%6$X

M[=:!G_CSD'T#-:

EV%OX=A$K(27K_!(


\B8/ U$




M;#!


M



%K
MI?/+$I3E?Y+\9TX9

4 O?0!*PHZ.R @) CL@'






MM$9=4V-#

M8-


M
2T/+(IYHC&4CF@!%3A*RS7&(U%1!SS2!_K$:-5[($@ZQ5JG!UKTH4_Y
B

P



MY





W)^O%:XJ:B+\D?

8%$22+4!N3)#$X2




C=Q/#F?AXFLVV)M ;Q9T&FF



C_/WE.H/SN%C2J1__#.#$7SB2Y^]GDQ/-7QK=S9I@0%



4#L]CA74R# [6_@P!H7]% W3'P6G
M=*^K*QZS$8;ICT/



ME29#*@*Y8HB[P AB#R77XQ57'*(H05F_KTY:MQ2E)$2&A:AH%/U2A:D25 /A












9O2H+^+SL+JOU'O/U^Q[F

?

/M^DO4.U

6*V%2.
7LA
TCY1

M4KQE1NJ@_ 

M.E6S2SU'84/E$.87Z997X

.NZF*QT4)







M7PXM-ELV
I U+K:__8&@


]?):_+02*I?

M K/8.N:ZAP4H1@ FA9RJ?_#H9!VD/C6SAPRWT0N:Z@%L=Y$@
]^2XMA8(T
MM:S0-E!75D3I3*]W^8K)@0BZFL)0WK
%


M#8

)#CQ


MWQ621H1@'EXG9ZIB 
#?$FZ)+HL67GN7RY$;7 ]2+DTLR*Q#4GAS([Z8M!_
M=(\8D7]G##WI5VLP1^8@DH][^ -)/I+YVRI?/VJ/&X(_&181D: 28CBY3)N

_ T#2 O]0@!0BNQ<<Q]\)CN\S;&]T?$&4

M'7TKNI




F#K)J79K.C27.ZJM^7@
M.8?

HPJ^'&!K=\ ++)47R=6(I*?)]
Q

DP6MP-?=


9Z.?$1WX^STA9 J1+DJ
M:C


Q18O(![PN((7P803WMF#4



M3H%SR?/IT)3:Z.L&[8L(Q-O095B_&7EW:@_[W+
N=)W&L]C=(M%\/A[
_
2%

MZ*=DPA$HI:P[R3$&^HY9HUOGF[ E&
VUYOZ./GRJ32G8

MFWIR&E/N5P/2XNG@)/18


M)2Z_2V24+KOW:J27JED(2BN\@- Y)B_



Y


MYO_:R3O9)?P?[F/

M#%8L-LGJ?
4^4YJ+K)(_G*583C
+LBCG@U/63.A1:ZM;2$-=:F*'2?OH






M@4RN

W

M/5Q23R%!SY:T
9[^B=+?D:1O? (


H8J0GQRRL%E$KKR(

MVG]+V@:3?G

M1RIR]?8@E




M

J?W&?W9K8'BR-1.T63+62DL09


MW-14A(;.!8L6W/53Q_?C+O2MKO^L%VN^-=LX.6VOB [$K5IVUV(=&ZNS*G
MTF:25D

M-LT#6C5BVS$]MHZ\!T!!L6;]%AD  @3J##!.:F[*IW5-4@GMQ;;/-/5*9=[&
M4FH$2A]CQ1;6\NJ

4V
M/;\TYB3A![]X%3 Z-LAE&XC&%MVFQYXQ48W.1$#RRKVO\_'\Q!9S[J%^.#8+




M@\=H
%[\R\#C(B^D
7W''7/_F\
N1ZI+!9
6F458E=2NFJ@[4J%.JM-RI7E.


MMZ2YB(5/+E?WU'ZUB2K6S

MVH/H1P;1%\ 10RXICH%#!% DXT1S&(%/;K[5
618VN\TH#'V$T# !8^F
[C@



M!5Y6988A+5MW35'@/[ '?_YC\HZ*?HXXQ&#T8]0^@* WXQODUI1
UUE/65*%
M[N6N\K6CO5-*LV01C7YL3#7V4TG&E;%@^-8T9$D._[O$K#!QY=SNX@KB\8*I

MXGOVJJ38D%8]0V]VJR
YW627_H
=76IU%W

MKLI&+1IKT*I3 E*X5J#3&_Q



M=






M4#E)YS.
]1POTL5L2&+C.


M8)3\*1E-!G/X9WPZF.(_B 'QI/-T
IUP$.UB3*E+PVDZFB]:DR[2^6A(D\X6


Z#JSY7@WS4@\D

502!&DX'S(*


MA?)J
'M?OQ&5NJPXV(H4J@,CG37**_B$Z*!G7?


D%EY)]ZP$)X3$Y
ND9]!1^:T(J3#DA8))7NXH6

.N$!(NYE].


T?LK?&?)
M6Y.&76%)]3KJ=JSEFMJTB 620%_CDT-@+HLU0707!4UU*8+)-V08ZQ^K=YAN
M*NPCR)$C4A#A&H

P]8@G]SG..HZ_(STH*='I8W\+HG)47YTHT&LWB[9O![B@^

MGJX

]?&Q/!?OD

M.68IH$Y]
IAC;NE\L
#\D Q^P&UO-V$%7&XTER.J9$U(ZWKG: 6\=WC
$1





ICHP?TMM$?C08G0U3Q1X,9
M_3O$'BVW%5^O;1

V_


M(@@Y&

X%8ZDQ \&BSS
MOAMT5G%()AE]
8)PYY5F49!6QGJ;:5MJVY.5



M/4GQRE0K?@R_B=W3U9+E@1H!8@[L.




W@-Q 



P

S[-]8^[='B-#V!+9P.
M8$E




$30\VPW%?C=&F)_ +6I)'#H5
7/Z+MW3




MJ)7+&.'X5'=3

EUA''BUER,EXD
ML]-9^)''P?N?+H#(3)/)?)@L3N;)R9+F=+

]*)QA1Y]+9]!!S86)+)21%
M(MVX]H3M[H*S[JA NB[.'Q9


M]A#OT.H_.1FW8HK9^TE1(BC? 8 

M=7-[8C7QH]$L'9WRY4S3R6S$Z31QV5VXV'0T&M
- R/!.^35'8U.Z4+'7!Y[

!@?
MWW]XA\$EV;=CYH[DMP'R^$8P\XE7CU6/]541=JKDS=OS

M-_)@\S^F19JTS1Y\(.N/FOW5.P@_2RH-T3ZK*5PZP[
D5@?@XU=^P) :'\38
<<X;#+&DF3$0.&#Q$X03]=7)UI-B\$!*:HX#/1CY&_VRF
MBB
5X(6K7]])G12
7*#:DK^B\@)O_0IJ?KW*EYJ\1 C


:]0G6\U=%@;\UR(/^SHV=M/*'SK M3L(/($
M&7[48LBVFSYJ06)4Z

M^


D936D






BNIVU#8<V^Y84D#TGD7)V9?H[=:R)
M-H.VF_F(F[$-I]2M)IV
)R2R[2Z/M6^N=BVP%(3)(^DA[$UDHFF]GUDR$S\U

+F  GI@M!@)7JH15!+[BM



#;
MN*S(/


M6\K9;PDSYA[^KJBEAV+E+


M%R.$LQG]35U6T*/SW0#9D
=F:5.HD?L+ILJ0;6Z4$SWU(?X54J+:KJ@CG.





A^+N$<FA9EO,26M#
M(L76Z/O^6GBENU;8P-HOZ$2GIVI<9$TY5UQ

MYL^-5;PM7L+R+LZH8/Y*JTTY$5P=ZTCP$P_'8=V[:ZQTX'.[2*1MMHZ0J BY


'TQT!
M/Y]30JL\A2#2QL'C ^1$


1&_C=^$98W+!YW9QR@V. OYX]$RF6//2[;+]@G!


_&):-(9J3!WW8@03;V0@:X]L[B7J0\2NH[(+\$!BR0HO*2+J'\



2


M7ZUIJ.K[GA1NM!?&C!M=I
CE=7X@51A
!\A3;E!K[M0$)?O90)=6;GBX-;TE
M^^9(O5=V23$T(B($ONE]RHA^N.9@C7X^'BO3[:\?*
263SNO??QX6?51B!-&



+B#AXX]JY^(?))UFI?OM$@
M8-W%I59=#K5*!8A8GUJ=:Z/QM*14"+RB#[6CUP05@VQ7=SHHKS[ZF&*$:



MDSPNKXYO@;VY;;#OD:V+6&TILR?(0\2)6&-TPIEWNZ@UUJ MGKV&Z[*!\H
BP;]?!I;!^;B?TF17N:YKL$)[HV




W


M#PHE0QP%6V9!AG@^'AKA0/L1
U$JFQKC*3


V&?OS(
M@II*5
?4 .724] RKH@5!1D@M7US;&J)E


FVQI9ZF[RJH6
;6$L/!]ZU[T )+
MUI@U
 !)]V
KUEB*RG%[^=@=(P$YWKP1'W






MC-J$ZK*T=NVVO';;&]45GFF!7((D;L#!*JCG*FVS37L+HIGK0GV'2GQ:9_ ^


_*EW=GJ@'=<*B\ZV6M;3&



M(8 /^;

2(EOV$ U
ME%])2@QMB(-A3*N/!A59.]/PREFHV)%N,#&3F!A[MJ%&6L_%RLJ
7+)J_Q
M%-F$[*CXK_:?(\JXY:YN(CKT[D/*1X
LA
[S'?78_

M*-D^N!WD@$
*=%Q7&J:+ZMLWS'=

)P@C%K.FG
M%B*_U-BWCYPP3B=\T$/2Z\)4&NNH%Q[JP!!_X*714+T(X/4#@#*J/4 1I5X0
MI+3M


MRJ9]#W(!![$L47D$OQBZTG!

C 8C+Y)QRR53$NA





M












M-$I^(H8F0ZY@N*X%4;B.IS;Q9*GUU]&6-!4_WE!





M46!;\M5I]S4J:J$U2B2B^7&]+-;255GV+WNET!F%J4--NO(D 18DQCF[T)K2

W#3?$XJ35R3(D%5HN)$:S%8A8:5OHBB



!2UV!#*DF?KI4[$37+ORNLIN;_(E66'A
M%X4%\46B$U(;)OM 1STX0$ZR#
XP*PS;

M 

M7!V5RZ&08FQ3C0EK&#O(43.%


91%-?&)V1F'




MX^=6O4$

[1LVQH)2



M\\+?0FT:Y1[X!+B6(^P#*^8@VFD?:^-UEU[229G5LWLN^6N
N.VIN]:?86



MWT2

M:MY7[5O#_;I;72L[KE5:K8W$[4WU@$29!..1A

ML&W$U?KC$-.R8/?#_C
0YQS:YV3&)KR:\_#[EJXUOHZWK@XC#J/0 *%6ESZC
MF8Q-84X0NS!J3A-1-S[H\]@ZA^T(9'R[R=V=3]%JC2::#.DGP8G):R5#M&^.
M&O_&E0CNXS#GSO6J$.^#IQ$=E^RZP(2@HHSS^#M@2+=LP:W@;*I;C!#AO*R(



\BM@0CB(&8?+6P
M'J(;@[!^U;1\V&K0-9






ME@2LDONZ^S



M\!#X5OU;\+XA4P3



MT





X
M5&./



M#U@/VH\D./')1L9IN5
=UUX]I-:-AFCQ[
M

K-3-;.

M:

6NKG



43SL/_+4_CE]X+$P8





M@13V,5M^S:[)]NJ'GLU/DI/Q5J2.V-T1^ED-H&_IR<GCQ?7F\- \U-<Y^@T
M'9Z.\


M

I8+J*)W-%O3WY/\M[LIZVTB2
M]//LKR@TW%@**'/J/G:! 639ZO:


M79-TU 


M '&P8S_!


P^^!C:*J
OH7KA-_/9 ?


2!.;H



M'EPLHYR:N/WW:4-J0)ZE605;GV6TY_?4]:!X#2D.&T








UO
1K;,RE A1SH1
MP_]&#/]67Z'5^VAWUE#1520V1>W2K+?HLW*NXAUIEE.C4%9;-

R]28D YU&\V7JT8A(I




M/66&MYO9 Q$ARI\V76F
CH8&VRBVN_BL-!EJ9K*JUK8TMBXGNG8\IT9&*;$Q


MM!BL)F X)8_$L[&Y@+71V16&:\MQ7E&U.













MY/^!0.7
ZHUH*J7W+N
7-1


M!BK&EZ5

VJW.

M O!%V#C\T9A8#*#UD)S78VLI0
6[T509N8T!;4O2^[+T&\*9(C:(DHX4AT


WJ3MW@]+N38Y?PTJM



MID_D#6D-!K6!)F?O]:PB3T@@E&-24H1Z?R77@5 JM=M#7#HP$:1..(A V^S.
M::@20EL:PQ4B

MODMQW.)Y40GX +]/H


M=Z D*N38\/9ABQ&V?*3 7@I#



M3M+D?+6]9EC!U48F.=*\1I&1S#$O5JC^'%TO;M:4/H5\Z!!8:6'E-C1XDR-1
*22D]&TGM)
M^&-WRN<1.P\:+30]-+N\9?<;?(. &5.)AO'RIL0HDBK J..ZA[YHZFJ1$:'
MWIN(CCK&AI+'A5IQDM^4P'IH0

MCJ.X.5FMM;N.8HP'&FO




M4X6_%T4 #V)J8'JP;\6CZ_5W6 :V.^3TM_?2W




MC'


M.#N]#PB B#KHU'[:7(H'A-0+2I FQPPC0 ?UMW@


M(3M#1P7?X40#Y Y+_W-Q-T\R+NW$-Y@_.F@U_]S!CPQAD#MG2AJD#JR.+HA]


!

MD@ Y)XQ#@7PLOH'D




8045SD5




+/U-=
M20] 4_B(BN:G]?(:G32^+;VGN-B\P8)_#_Q(RIY\_K%^U-'R4$48?KYF]3Y
M]AH]Z'Z%



M2JU2;\903D9G1^
.X)AU0EQ'O@L(@KRIX!1P[^HA6J
Q(5)PB;ZEG!FKV]7G


C+E[!


S
M_Q12JA@1V66G%0X3OW5M_3$B[T=*^3Z;NF_9ZX[Z.9U%]M; '%0D\Z1B+7/K




3U$K)DQPO)I'SG.\\KVG.UX=^K\Q0/0/+)\+F$!O



*%%7O;J
M%Z\T4@\Y1R_U:(

M0$00^
LZRE66)P;FG





M07L'!AS4#Q
M:O)0HJO?A9^*=RSYM%K?7GZ_N5P2UM-F*P*[N;M C@/IK3T&



MUG@V! I[M SCK=3L1/H@XCX



:?T4(71#1N\\[D







!#^*T(9HX51V\GB

M2K6F^#['6(&:45Z&






M
TB&\+N98.G6-#&


$%     @  (AP2L-))1C8!   %L   \   !X
M;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6S%FEUOXC@4AO^*Q557VB[DP^F'VDH4
CM(+:YMX$


YP#
M2(Y \E-/@+(!(%
3@EY 2 O$


M_YS)^DR(B5J&6#


M3G3I;'4\E#&M!




2DT=$

1\$A'[!
W7400QT8=?Q&)!\W440TQ
-A&Q;-!\'7&(B1DG(C;.
M)_GZ?0Q!3




3'=


MB=6#8R80$Y
0IRYS4$Q8YG#


43S#P)L7D.*HB./DPPWR3$OD%*B'._S$QWR2GJW3.V; F)AO$F+?
MH)A3^.9;@ODF(?8-ND*20-\DF&\2:M_\MD+2-7K0E\H:U?2;QN7=S=K/$EJN

&^J/!_Y8S/]8$1]O+G&^UNJ=S\!4$L#!!0


MFR>%










MIN^[7OA'

FA0')HD!P&)

MA52.8BI'096CJ
I16.4HKG(46#F*K )%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL
M D56@2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BR*I09%4HLBH4616*
MK I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%DU
MBJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLIHCRCH=R]ZVPW=)'IS;O
]GTQ_BKOX#4$L!
M A0#%     @  (AP2A\CSP/     $P(   L              ( !     %]R


O8V]R92YX;6Q0


2YX;6Q0

!Q










M4$L! A0#%     @  (AP2@:P[46U 0  T@
  !D              ( !HB@


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4       B'!*V.FD



3

M (AP2N-=1=:T 0  T@

M='




MT@


M;6Q02P$% ,4       B'!*F0$3O+0!  #2 P  &0              @ $2

  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 
4



M A0#%     @  (AP2C*46'2R 0  T@
  !D              ( !K#\  'AL


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4       B'!*%[DYY+4!





   9                4-)  !X;]W;W)K




M2P$% ,4       B'!*JYZ K;@!  #2 P  &0              @ %83@


4    
MB'!*'4Q_=



M%     @  (AP2@@!16/& 0  -P0  !D              ( !.U@  'AL+W=O



V+GAM



Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M% 





M:&5E='








RYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M       B'!*E?BV[ZH$   Y&   &0              @ '






M]O4D6 

4



#$V
3(S
2YX




M7QI_LNI+PR*[74LG_0M\7CZ:/N@L


M :5?TL]

MQ4]C.+(%%$J^=&_^_NHW!/]1FL!__O++\I?'[_AE^273=]R#4/4[\V\%$A1#

MZ








0%\$03^W[OIGXOOLZ=.WVZ&[4


M7JXF[7Q :-IXF-?N4QR4L6S._;R1Q25D
@]CE


M3B+&?0+;/GQ^N

MC1VH

WMV=37HV)W9=+






+'__*N=7=M
MV:/'*89UV%\O8XC&3%R1F3AY$-GHANO4#2=GC+?]WNTP*^Y\]F5899F_%-EW

M*[).?F67PJO/M?JTAM=5'N9TK/.[_C?
&YE]6IE=&N^
\6O


M+D;OH-=(O*;H?5.-H3/=M

G^]O;N!G.NFQMV_L^X\-<^T)
]8:C(IQ]!+[-^CK-=^6/U[<T\./F;M45%<W9+:W4@Y
MMY9X/2V/Q.$[G



+]K#;/W-]4WJG_P^:#=[:?O7BV3KL)]Q@[[('^];+'=

M96

]-0--.)



_S;B]H)4VDZ

M

MOI&*1^+Y)]'^N_H9Z++C340OWQB


G;UY=QW

MB]D8DG
;DDMP
/=CA493O##VV

MJZ;KO




YE]&XT=NBRS;/0Y]
MOH*SZDRF$K/?H9S-HNUZIB](G)?MFGI-Z%-&B.(/.I;_1O(;R6\D_W(E?^'Q

3X;OU\I





YVL



M4JQSHRP:9=$HBPM7%I?B61S@RG_
;D:]3NM+-_/9?7^0#YLP^F*=^75G]3*%

M%:

BA\=?&T5V6#]CTX^W_]GTS*_5;\Z
M5I[C3_?^S=&@\R$K/B6 YG^YDW\#=IH_@/2-=Z.[K&@-^_.J=O:N?-!G!
M?
M__')U\'X'PN +/[0W!M\UNO?Y;VU[]A
O\67+/U6^5&%VA;*?&D51=9=2^[)


MK1]F




M$YYSY+BO$5^,/J)S?13 8=@I$F&LF94(*J1#_#$8Z:B!K]M'HR N:#^_Z@
MU?UKT1_=O^FUNZ

!A&\ D5%@.
L9P&+J)BCM3P5\?$?PSTT2CPO;\__@1LNB/1
M1\8LMY* 8L%688%H


K:+[D+Z93XHN

H_P'Z_FNKN(53

MSZF0\_B7Z4G\

+Z7&

MP=;8$P6

CTH@==$$HB*P:$#Y*\H%:(U(
M?
E!G('B6$F@'3EH/+)M

M'@S*YV:7W*DY9GI)6C_ A0P#]TQ(;+2RQCD!+HBS%7\33E=2AV)UU=3Y
/HR
M*$=O;R:/011K[*XGY1


J=5\Y2) -W
M7@1=7AP(I[%9H[W%3N1Y __:@_BLFU79Y/!C&HC_M=_O?,^[W1+,R1/[Y?ZI
MP\92YQ1&F)M3#$K9=

MA *'.64PJE

VV5;THD5W ZD!10[
AYQ
MRZB3
;(JYO98CW/#R
_ W.G%

M*^QN=


M

AU_#CZP]2I('9C\?#
!53E[+ 5[66 \LNECS0KU-;AW$
M(C1Z*N8M0*Q8$V5@




=;]X3LXL
M
2(XX0GA$7P:;S22U5E'H5;?+U1WBSL0:YZP-_WBKM5K9W_M R3OLN%XN./F


?MBRC$F!9S*V

G<O8<Z8%QK2.\
(#L^Z9(WZ%GXA'Y-UR2=Z\X@#.VC-$D!05?2+\YP(.OLE

M H(DG

MG BP;3YH+(TD$E0ZD?X1I[5







!*+55!SR86$O+S5@+L

!$&
^=64L-NC6?MR_LVVA1%AF[_F#XJ?4-

W@NV'.V(OU7YHHP


MI D+957+QT
.X4KM(\.'65/H

5QR$8JCK'






M 'D#5$OP3\3M8W8/_F\:?C)L#7=B8^H@&(B2AC34B3DK?=65I)4@YM5O_TI[

Z2I4& H0XAC<

.O
M?G

\0(OO783IO_I='U;Q82:N[.
M-7!LQ$L9%2:4

M8)2M[768[ZO3/H#2CU$YJ[6+&B%96@
$I[8


M$



]#BXWG[*C4.DCKM'*@]ZFWY3E[
MXGRMWTNG
;OGI

M':+$$*=GBH/+&LJO*2?K
-X%NJ


)(V&)\&@B$X%E





M/GAS$6D1/47(F73Y@Y$I+9KTPLB:KJE6#JT'8E\05RS=6M@*Y$407AF'
1-!

M^^UD6U?SQ#Z'OQ!6

M30@AGHA$6S;X

)QH#8+.




M

/1R#DX$HGPG;L


M!.6KD%]^[0ZXEC3:6Y0X18YJF_:HNDB9XNGJ



_M19&I2&1U08@Y6NCYW_Z






M

MPRRSRCIC!!.K[C!V$*=CP7VRXW*I.S+U#A$:2:!$2UEJ:YM*Z=:C??+CVJA/

&\)

M$.P3^5BTX/9V^;*!1Q7+ TOR= X!BLCK
%@HC6=#5FF.+EB&H.@#T@VV+Y
MO-%6*NP9%T1()AP0L&KD



M\-/P*V-2LQA3YS!V#(REME4!

M)K):




USC
AX
MQATH?2

H4WDND43:
M6;^QMXK7W2O-ED83;(;FD7?LC;/^065T
P2ZDWW



^
MZW:9#242QBF#!.8T(B.Y8KA*Q!M%*%^9A$-8\D5[8+^Y9-L?N/+AL'S*
3H
MN#4L


M9+MQ&;C*X$O8Y.4K@IV0 94&FA#+P\5QV;9]#1)%+Q3UR1-V$F0'5U/PN8\+

R_W;$=V-A&IP5' 4I$ 3\



AH#6$)S0

_)

HK1*37(PEMO,0<PN<E%TS +NHU$X/I1;8VC



M1XOYP6:@$[DGRJ5!K%X9%8.O+DB5KZ^0P0*3M6*SA
\BXC=9ZE0_5KT09XQA
MT(5(!&)XI(R)
GW



-.:M/_*N[1GD4:-M)K5B)FZ[N:V/DHL*5R*%!LF31:I*5]!CF
M9@.HF:PO]QM/7#HKZ*=A6LV(L
YYX%T=4HDXF
;2TV:BUGG_&U'GT[3GJ1VR

18&X#U9Y#^Y06$F(!2PGH5

ML:5U8$[S


M$+\%);X?DI:&&


MUIV_-7[K(9!NP[C\V]2MF)]V#RPX]3+V-&Z@@-.$=R(
UA;Y2$
HTPH4M&Z]

!U=N/P%TZ+;H'.WZ
)W&S

5$YB-23
750E;;U
MGCR%EP81'@IGZH?]GG?3BHKE.?*;Q]QO(WW@W*;J38Z82#
)B:\&*#'$ZKLY


B_ZT_FA.Z]

M 

M7%^;C1GENZCDG;8F/QJSC8NBP?81:JUPWD$PC(FRL\&]ICXO%G.L=S&*NV*6
M][+QG
Q^H-OJ-RC/D0(L)A1Q'6&E5-01Q<)M7S,M:ULP;PK@
2#K[';_SY];NG'=UD)6L(W

M$I
+#8A6VXVTBK6D J]=+ZT X3 85[5;5O_XMSPK6D7[Z\/;[%O673C0ZIDW

B)XUIAY@)

H:LU15;7&O:GW/IR*C[;4RGHN

IY'P@@2B3+6I



M3P



MEV?G(QD-^+?8$*4
5RSR@



M*;)PGRG #1$81R2$8\8H6Z9

^\_ [SXES







8QT/



O9Z





20L.ZJ$JN3JB7.+)_.1




M

.6QBN=FQ8'



];C\+T%O9 M25LAIC3\&U8!YQ7?74
M.
8V#0#: ^@40X$*V++?4,A)Y96,RZI,])H[H,J+W32D,GZX#TE\:*!FWO[
MGD#--8ST!OUNWADG(-\,L[LELUW63GW*;N=\E^KS:MB'0WR-.Z@?&[6.)):

M2E3@D3#



IIML7B2PT
IJG!


AFYK$K(I:2V?J=-Q/.@R[8\O4@59<QA
MS:.UF&C!*GZAJIYS3NUM3TH7\#4Z$Z'\TLVJU2* 6-K-G#R/82OO'72-A+BD
M F'%1$BW1AJ'6/6&@@FLB0[=C1([ WQ:Y+?(!\6 KQ469/:XGJ!B^1QZ[.
M!X3OI#\O!/DM0N Q-4;K%(FPP !B*JNW92THFX[=M





TFANXXJZ7+5&854P[ OA
MMO$J
DB!G=!




1*[ =6;&.US533+M


@?
(N+=9



]

-)@V;RZ3[W9UEO;2


8.&!^\21&91%5=

@,.XG'Q:.KWGT1PC$Y$Y3C1!-L9:BF%&/&ZU.*Z;*KO_#^O4#;XK^
M\*<.+JP9538B@<#HS(9PUJNNN:R1\F#0MCG4$GPK;X@UZ8;:!D=FS1@0-=5






DJ6 E@
M8LR!]8D+239QF5?D5
JZ (A:7O$P!-8-Q]I0Z C2Z20H$)=:!:QRU8P%0U0]





@J37%(!$HUM*2_Y^]=VUNW#H20#_?^RM0WF0K
MJ=(HY_VP=U





8P+PMC1X'R!K
M&Y-2B
B9M8%:)[FEIROYF(A5% &W2)!ZFFEN@L;A]ZD
PKZQ.ZNE3EW!_6D^



3
R

M2H.6:P\U.-T]U


M;T
I


MFB:^


?]VV.S0
M?2YEB
L*K

M5GO


\Y
MQRSS#6%4T4#&-.)A(Y8YKN.YECOJ_ZBU9XVG9@01=R&@EN20AV&M$6/
3&


;QZ%D


L(T4T0Z/
 7^YJ*MH

M(V9W+@N4P4/5# 2

EA\H&R@5:A?2



:-






MOM:T[:2;#)T@!$2=E!9L;Q;ZC:P B=^MJ_] U?H
Z^.O:6LGIT!%2MLH5#&Q

6VM


MM0V(M$[$G(6


6P.1:ET69;I-KQM:&V.X+US;I


M!]0DN(J






5^ZV/UUQX.G[*='+/&
M, YBUH2.:]\RU@8T ]EQWUZ\UCT5R?(9^^H3 !ML-\(BKN)(N,(MF6?-L9T

ME4J==1;E/-C%/J$.' 361&M-S'@'H9(]$N X*82^
I5:QF-NA4]4$$01&$:
MMJ5FT8:V+^LC?@^%U--O ?68MV!0B5PN@Z
T7X0B;:JR ]\TVV:+8]#I2]#


MFM(O

M4C\4?LNPRKCNO

8Q#G2P3;O*0
7=PY]O%.][*7*'QU\CXH-+ 2:Y



M@IX'+GR5/RQ$VG=RAY
$/?X TRX2!P;^%:9GP-5C#QF:(T"R1[51BS730
ME67F97 OCTUMI6?RX@&N/)&*A9HKGR&Y^P;XTB**.H<7.BN'QQ!ZH-A:]8
M'QM/\KO6-E==XH@]@

M+/RJSWD4

[%4ORQKE//#'_5]6R+;=E XBS'. 9^U9K3*&S+]X$1.HZ@6@]+






MV*.034N\@,A) 7+)N#PIXF8Y J,21Y%W2C6AT-B[DONCV)1=J
'/P\2:HY
MWNUHP9W5C'&@7_-5,1CHP(=1'Y;N:GKHZGV*YVXP*W ]?7DK:(1&.1@4D$
M5C^FB




0O!1%!'&
FO;
BR](1TD*MG$'
8;YCRN
M3S=[%E@]K&-;B(@R(V+?CY1@AC ;\D@OLP*BPS!@N.A76<<6NHHT\ZT%2S^(
MM$ASF-M0ET






$#8\%E
'AN0X(UQ



MPBB(L6
1KCJL(G=@JQ@K?(


MUM%*=3KO6A]4&?5

M[1?HOY7IY7SRU^SRT1
!/9@@R\K79'KU\
(?D]^PKU1#DLLH0QRB(J8&\ZX
MC1T/ECI919I]]^?/DOSS&8A8+O!MX*/NL]7!1VPB2WC@FS
0L$5%[;13X;Y
M0.!__LS?$#[6S)
],2&E&E*?2N=






V
M#JP/5K!/P-%DW6C+*V^L')CS8?EX)'AD6



M*/$LY&[$4G_856\#NW'$)57

&2:
ML';\(X^CN)N2)1W.?(U5;3M[0(3#^C@16^HH%2%331
W ]*GD[3%^K)^%C5+




<#%LDEW
JTNNBC3=E.


M%0057%



.]SO#F.G
E_%O@PH#@9C


XM

M06JA.Z%6S&&L]0-\HJGY






$I5ESP
MMXN9'2B:X2 2D'Z4A3P@$@=J-:AQS(BN&-2&]4?1V[H[*6R5J1SUC5*14LK(




NT.G5=_B/-KJX!(_Y7T!!7Z5_@
MX;
0S*$XR8J_)Y/Y]B/-FW$-Z[G

MJFS:B@FJIW3WYN-/\:J3YANFA/:=H]R! @RXSP-I6$3 -(G#52595IM=Z4EV

M(:Q!

[VPU^KNQ5'((M_W

M


O:Z&8B'




/
!MPVA]1'F5.A$991

MW/Y&$/@T$W

MPL-%4-=
(!V0@ 9$




H^H)_1J[0)M(XEG1+%V0D5M
MIQ@7&;5)8 A&+.\C'[(% ;T@^5-C

MQ&X4

M^VD^*V?89WAZM7\9X!Z2U_J.:U\RRJ+ 4&PXO$QZQ+&C&R0OUT2)'B5O9^E'








F2YXVR9?E/[/.N;1
E[F



[_9YO0$AON2^@RL[BARRBJAFR!IH*S9
M=!* GK/U&.FP#8]N0S9]SC:$PI?6)\I09J@


$@^?-G2M:[2/6Q


QQ

?E:

C <^=A?T+=<<D9BSF(LK6H(

M4'2HPG

MU

<D&W^<NN0VFR63+?00$#G01-9#@Z++_P(3VTL
MDKQ2A]N'N[Q-9#V?81RXS:*0@;.G9/

MP5XQ('P#0R@5)FZK!6C8'?[6';[S-K'U?$KB#H01CED(N18NM('?GHIP7*W7

M#@.0CBR
(AGZ$G1(N!24LC/43JP7HNP*X4&6=Q0^D9Q:*:BE81PXX@OMFR;K

:R3:RI$6GW.I;

MA9E*IR(AB6GM45^S3AEAKYBYSB?CMCKI70SW/QAAONA*44E^.$LE#K2)M8
M16';C0W\CH[DHY2R];9+'1#V '!7&AZ-YC?S:C1W53:)EQ7I-9BCV=?TXW24
MWVQ+-#

L'ER.[+VY'.2*5(6 [AZ&S
MA$L;.6$:.:*(OTF.$+FI\NU%JU1/R!$0X+&61#@)U!
++8&?VLY9MKL%E%JE
M^M95ZA7D2*RH-
H =VGL6^H81C4:'1;P#3NSJ3KJV


L[YMSMT7NX



N'3-
XN9]?^= I;4Y1)

;AKKT$61663E


+





1!P&OPM(Y^!?42E=J$FH:-8





M(W;C=FU!%&ZFS+7*Q-=:VQ:J5(91\+-]SF-GB-8VTKRE2BHV-@!Z+E4^OC:4

OVA
M^J[


2WS-
MG_RYIU_ MA?=QG5?5^N4^\R'0-I3+RK'$ADBC5 WB3]FL$.I/4*9K@+Y]Z
M

_U;HM\

OSO(ND*-))B:O$97BW.'T2ECT=




VXEO6
/J3IT_

4C(FKJB]T6::S
@*%=8/P_ZU

M)$)G%-&1D8&
 Z6)'\1-K8H16H5OV)*H[@O3RPS
N/3#)/M:[7Z#0Z *1&*U
MPT#=Q0RK



ZXEK__X0(#%,4'E C);9E^W_RR2CJXIA78BO8W; * $$VKT7@%
MX+CZG;;7_FDV7OY:;'S8A$+R #9#QZT?
.3L#)LU $X#63ZZ*M!;@3\O=3=OR9C(0^/2HE<<4EG9=<_&

M)XM_[X;C4N6]V%BLU_L*^



MT!



[J3A39U/L58
=^);/Z*/_=M#YJ/Z\M


UU+!M6L33


.(8UCF[]E!@W23%KRFL

4':D
MV(\A+:;)Q*L['










\]5# D
MFP=W:&=T&$99;_1R


)NM@LFZ?&2_

]E[X


=#70U6E4?YV0@75(3?JYR&]RS% G$^\F+4;7







[\EWU-W#R
MJ/E[=Y*YR\:SZ^\M/2=4*B9_W\@8$!&3Y+9
OV]^^6%=+Q!6_5EZ*%;PPL


M'+CSN=SY:$GDH9AS]WK)([
K^ET#I0V4=A1*Z^TPRD!I Z4]26G/+CT94L2/

P@
M9P8Y














M+. :&+/P0*]4RN@BK:%.EY@&QJMX]RTX6;TZ-?WX6953
\YZ FN:=WL_[(6H





&WM!MMA7Q.0:
M_2+)=.KVBE;IZW*0P5/+
LK+EO\5KMXMWFQ
$R17Y]PY2J[)ZX._%;^(-J^
.GNI'0:%2@0&B\V#<<\.C:ZL^RO!^8ZG@J
M^*O/7N_*' _$?TA..F3'*VOG9Q926Q(8Q)'G 4QH90)P:2(M(@8(4X=W&#O




WNUJT&O3_





3MO$Y\3K%D*EL45(Q!






6;UYP2@+YQI^:S@9XYOX99'/
MKZ[;(DYOP=1KAI$2YYX#'8^)U

0!MABF
-DH6M

MZ5(VEF:%^WI?\4TH

M.[94\VZ
 






#GTN
M MY[;TV
ANY +

ZMZZ\5W*KM[?.YX/SIYETX.[W#*+O 3&^;L



W1SF;KZ/Z8LG=ONP^!.N

ME1%*S[V/*VW=

ARMNSML=(CKJHCN:DGUE43[F;I=+QR9=
8A1$FSY;C&]H.


M


_(^2!+Y*_S7/;JNL^661W_23-)_=Y;T\QYMD-QDN



M3)X^V!JJW^O.]#F88;$Q5=M^3



MHYZ  /!
0'&#ZCKW_

1%-;]EVI,(^WU/K'M9R7M8T0TLN)SEHU^;2EU60J2QF_I:#[+

;8-DYODP[3=-[ZJ$<)
Q
M/O/NTOJ


*C(ICKQ.@]NI]52;YP2M67EWU'\&ZB''=TJ.I8H#K
/Y
MJ)),15JQ7?7:<\^U]2O5@U<?\A^HJ[^&Q7P15V[U!128%?'JB+M(IUD:05A
M
+/DU!:$TR;YB,<YB]<T&
M9.D:F/B:51CQ^3?XA+;$(+D+)9U#=W&#0:4 7:*NBKG81W:HJ8H'5<%EZ-K
MV+ED6M:E
DEY#;_

M$%YR _;7S!MGY6B2E^EXJ [;!UZP AKA



M=85B
GND0G&-H1G?GU(/3 QOC7C]*Q#0J');^ZC1XW5=W^VJK?O8]@TCU1[;
MDC=:JJCMN3'






M[:!M+3R..9(YDCFR$KK*'&G1D.S7!MWV_@5Z$(IGT7&QOB3JJK__\J=$G]U)

9?36'(BU#'^@N(UGG

MA]W&57-T=3FZ'EQUNA?O_O;D'13E^4*ED56OL(+%'F]B$-79N=3*%47!/OOF
M]S.D;#-2C*47B7OI)U21
5(ZCCPJNJ9Q
$(^R
C56%O



C26PJP7.E]6N[O'IN&UV=*HV;U\ZBMF@@4

M/#V


VA2I




M[(Y3!BQ]O'O0P'NJ=@F 0WA!&]!_8_YH4_D8W19BHEQH=ALUWT1G%_4\P$H8


@%W
7ADW5-X?'8B *$WJD0





ME;
PR=DO;K?!R-T-



M8TP7]@B:J;

# 8=J-NYLA





MYIO]\



8880ZP4
MQ<$%1A@2# EVWMHV+RNTEBO9

MSWEY_J(X^K5.AQU6C A&!$?A





#Q
M$Z1Y&'AX[VDJ!HX5MAVI)P*8$0@.?C75M9.9B$-+LFC5NW9%$818/DSZH!^T



M9RPW:A:O'LSR]N9V@QG%=GIZJ9RG'6UB1YL]*\T#;2)7NY8@-:SW[2(J3&(=

4+.%:ZZC05-@P=$R-C_175Y


M9=9[V

MY@]YZ_EH[!HAI#;.RF6 []





G[J#/[Z\F[1R3RL=TWYOW_/C








MN$
&CX5\%/$$9J2'





ME0!XXS:)32\7Z2P_:XCY-PQG@4P-:P O7$G*[,@?SH14N!'=R9AM8K1$H
M2.9(6UW8S


QJ)=!'X1/J1




M [EIA8N6T=







AZ8UR_Y8\

=3RAXB4H[Q[

7(XB7VYE&#O(S8 ]OL-S[&

@<4V8-$-

M1Y*9S
K






M[#//

\PSS#/E'L
K\WVS!;+T#?$7;PJ5F(QSB+R[B46O-&CP+V67O0OK+KS

M44)%%IY]SSOH]?9*N)]0%?
1+W^^X






5!/+/8



MI6_9

M#$.@NQED3 NXADFKM\

UFF?A5%6



JDG$BM5/$=1;3N
M^TYKXT.3Y4MLCM;R9&A=XSY8DU]U+!R<S




MB]Q_#AV9A=$A@H#

V\







N D& ^XN7/5\$<W?RA0/Z9XWG_1%[E/K'
M8%YP#WI:HX3W\U*I!2VZB67@RLC5XCR$_XCW[ZY'-^?O/@A/ZP1PM_+27V:8
M+P2N!5' I:DP:D*\ PM5!G=8XE&+
_'W
'0?/-^GZBF?J:[ ^V_AS'-$N]OX




Y=FU4,/R3TZFQ);;9H2




;8


X0H]K&AS!C!%LP714BF^+N5
MOL1ROWJBP XQWBZ 
-;R=F%6!]
&V_NNL(HT.@X

34*
WS$73XSC!=
M?7%
;S17!J\V5\BX0

MCPJ0137V( ^%*9H5'
6*#8-GB:)9$R:08M!J-?Z\;@WSF0P 7[R_26YC6L 








Z85J:=0))^\$TBRZ-L%4HP@E@HM6
MT;V'[HAP72O90C6_%R '.CL'96KH)8&OM$[Y;GX[
E=.A4!$#L54$L=UWFP
MY7M5OZNC*08\G[)ZU@3N9I #-?_J0WV]Z%Z('K-,U?WU'L_;)-[, L0Q5-L
M/'$6S



MWNZ

M).I!$C4@=@H6!FT79I%7FD*_P+I @P9P./1)[ 2B-)C0'1%&GV5A4M%B@XR
M$7)OE0)(W@&#IRJTD Q\P:1#+-OA O
XL1A9

MK60&?ZH?*G(\L'=HL17'?N[$
O%73WL'*QL@I+08MFG'# K92KI3

MW
/%)A;BWN #^9]5UH(Y[H8;(%G?:ZE@\M
:]YX++8NY0?$<:F5XVY-RH?EOAH:+]#.]Q7DTC;O\F(

M#A*Z$G\I^#T^X

;C8V[TECJ2EW\
M3_B ;%)+G=#A/45-Z

M5 ]^/$==$J'K/

T
MOR!5 M) VF&E)0C




1Z% 7LUM7#H
MX-]41M]5G)[_FZGT9$ZV4EI8WJ0S]1

6(
M_UAIL=-JU(;MY8-R;WDABT;X.(DQ6#J=CTHPQD_4;C
V#KD+YF?CLFEWA9BS


M'?SQY029*[-PIF/:[^U[?CP/_D0&?\(5X
Q]E4CN?&3)K^?=;;Y07CZ=-%)1

OT)ZS;H6;G^2HEJ?KH(D_[V[KA:VWDK?62BBIVK)68+PJG;


\]L#PN*S_-4A.O.

MK*G8^2X^6


M#PX[C)-C?U^5/M':S'/86O-6MR_OJ&P_)S.!
8%M36#]\N
I#D)KRB8PYBGF

L))=7'-S&[?%BT
I^MR_L0V]@+RKL!=%4

M$3=


*'5KC@^H,SLJ<VVLSE7
M'ZS867W6M*/5M(J=N&=-.UI-XW/S;U7*KY[^?C:.%+J^X8TI'8M(QO9Z:HC



&D8-

(/2]
?ND]T9.UC6N
I35JP^::P*)N0H7PXOA
M]59X]5L

 PO=B&ONN]?H2_QT$W\R$MZ7M*_*(YNL]YO

MR1\\+4P6B#@X^R_U&_JXENDI$ZB1Q/7(9PDNE?S[ KSI)X0#[+5!*FY^CO



M8HXB0C%ZD(2BL[Q+ ]CF:27GV1$/4@OXGTDTHCG=1QGI/@96LGWT]YRPXK#S
M9;SQ]MT^_G6.U;VM[?A0_X&M??=:7ND%63ZO7[LX _LY705\3F(=RP [R[IG
%3*(*Z]ME:CV6QFN:3;J

+V3@*)_7W[S^WF1J[PQKW8;U#.&G
M/8


Q=.XH


MK]YG@/$1AN






AK6^O1V%






I8N7



*MVW9E9I'7)R
M$^X]YV;9T:[$8+^Q$+O(Y/!OS 5V1;G BIO;6SCH6;_L[7I1P
5.$HMLOD6[
<*X
M:'&.-(8#PR$/'[9FO!T+'-A7^0;AWSSQ268!13:]DGQ6MVRW)1_5K8P;X)0F

M:U!^
/RQ(&NC-).O2R*R
GT(ED:GRNCGC^?2QPPF-Q.EXK^#;&=P\VNRB5RV
M&X-6\^IB
+J^[O9'YQ?]RU&:3:0W:#3:!YPHB.[[58F)=

M-E[(A@

#SO\








8FHE*HI

M

XY]3BROK&^[5#?K-4G8GUC?=M WZS%1;&^L;X]JV_?PECZ




MMY45
KPE?[5XD!KU%E0;E/FW1$9PA?\(CX





)V42A]D79KE#WY20)7M@)4EVOWU*


M5.4]6C0;. 1O^\Z5OP$-&N@D/IHQN/&OUE@[&&3T=)LZT;1!+5Q/4TB$2B
K



?X


O5H<B*]8KUBJN(5SXTDJN(EP!C
M+H!Y


M+X:[[Y7[



[)[5A!WT
M?GLUW3!(Q7)E4_
1+__)B^$)S@ORK^ 0%O4CQIHCRA7+D\16B\56?2C@*A\@

MEF&BE%QDJMC?D/HKJ;\9Y8I(^9*TRW&2:9+^7=S%0(!P:.M.0UN'5B);^RV.


F(K!8B.?B) SI9TZH?T
EA=FN4

-

;R2VVHE=W2YO_N-ABT]J8KZEVVI


@








$7]=;

23
-%@J.L//UD7
MN=AH$$93Z2\P3!.OR1LFG1..\OWTFK^^:[RCSP H)_N\0F+?O*G2XI-Z$%_#



0N=G6;H






1+__)B^$)





AO=!S

34'C@3_IVO3MHG2#Q^*=P+$Z$P4U#H*K4:<7KS'H<L*[@&'
M^
*6U \'WTS:HZ?*M%)XZJ9T-JX2I8C$V!60#5CP)0&J+04AU\^94$\-:!
M@0

(B



1



XI
^ 9UBH*

MV&.+C8!?))&/.:E]CF %


4@%T7HR#K
M5K.)V2T8:N9X$%.R5]%L!T%H7_


OKQLE[YMKD<7N%40^$(D(ZJ[%)WPYB-/?9P



MN
H?T^$\5\7[WK?[Y1_Q7L9




;(7QQ&YHCE,^0,XZFJ5\N]?@I3Q#BZ%E'UJ#?ODG !A:#*T3A%:_P7DR
MRK.MV83FU;V]56L;5JUNF& )DK<LZ=-&J;I)9=?!]O(9;2K'4NL#._CSF1V
M$K$KDDF+R:O0R&O6K=ASW__
7\Q?S%_+7#\.-:HU52TK=3Y:^-JK/NK&
%






(4\D#?V;N*O1J
M8;JI?IFG5K





0R^#.PRP==H]N




EU(\9K1Y%



$ \:'4/
M(X 'WDO/9^Z#Q<ENB[.I88[DEF(KBQ/YZ--'_2@4M%ALQ

M-M
;

YE$:BIQDV:&
R$TKWY
M9P)#^^GT^3$@MXDOOJI[%21*W*CHWH/)X/V[CU]OWGW(.X 7FZ;'43A%P+3@
M.S ^[R;XH5M\N'DN6@/T:.BZ:!X2/%NIB2YH($P_VJ:0R/4Q/PI351)\PT
M

&K0H]2C?&\(M(@5$3O ,[.^__G19W=2SG[Z2
8/2/32



Q:YX5$:=@


$C@4\
!$'=Y!U9
M\O!K+*#3JZUB)$-HZ,!S^&[8ATDQJ
#.\J&-)KNOY4+&B5*XD !3.?5D J

GZYSTH'F!/(P\9P);G\CLZ@I#$)&CPMK'-*!Q=41
IU/M. MFO/S&((H!0A
MKH)9'F;!;)5)+S_$!7)F

M8


M?-7AS!

MQL%[O








M
25G=A

UH974N
V)&:+QG?Z6T-]U\=%D/TX?YP4N3/8
MCTR:E'%$:D!E)@1[KU5\



MDPC@::0TE FO+G[-$E#1I4:=QOG0'VG@)DG; ^7B\S **
]M23GI*!F=3%.D




MLRL&VB2@R]+




BR0 X/P


M9/D08)6='H]!S':ZC)V$94XZR\PH4$^1:+-7!N\;L_

O5KO9#)E==$6_3W<^&%DY'@XB2?+F[<

M2!@9EGT@]1I!\XE6T=EYHK&^S


H]32

MG2



YL3!)U UQ^8&R:9+D/.L
MH
47 W83U6IZ=O$%,++O7LKM?-BP$A%*3CA$E@TO^O7\V0/9U$I+:HS*29




QIMJEEG)
MG&GH*I](? Y/K_ HF-G &L!:D )-9
+F2B#3?$%;!*YR/%R]G\$-XP2;0^=#
M7JT*)HLH+:R9^5
E38[4=EI;P13$2JO0F#E]5N \XUS(-VX7.U7HOBD40Z:O
MZ:7VIC



Q6?7PQLKR@G4

'#0
M\X'O^R7A3^&]P1)V=2T+XR 66+A85$V\_T9\V^\T/@ 1+VQ9B@M? K.-
T2!


M@:)^FKT?4



1X9@*:.B(BZ
P]VBE


M9H.0



+$







M^


;.Y^LJ7!_ Q)PZ^$


1VC5!+?
JZ%N'T<XT1WSS?=7,$3]G3MMY
MB#AQ&G':FSBM^]8C0SO[&=_PG&8AKQFSO9U9Z.Q;W5.OS</%.,F9,Y<S#LD9
MDC,D9TC.5MGNB


M&A'#VF;\A*(6YG%5LV(Q 
(
0Z JGCF7?LI5)%?F$:@HZ39J:7
^['EHSI

MI35+EQRUK&BL_YXI11H
PTBE.@C



$6=




UI\V
J



FN=J7UY?];N_J

Y


'&!D=E;GOB)M6SX?/O(/G[^


UU[VFOKF[$L!ZCG+*UX9.C8@Y^2)^R=+;#CMY:W


MAO




M9AZ]S!U(NH!K$/&
0[1VB6=\Q@DUH5DKD*


MFB)%J1N$2)
026%.2MT@3C
_=8



MC(EVQVKW;


%5OSG5?)#J



M44E6S;E:-31WES!!F'B9J[2];^7N%TFKM;4]ET/E8&S=W50$2:NTO@/0EX





^CO(





M]='M&N:Z'BKYZ!
'S?5KS
.$RTSFY

ZU[T*B;:0U$U+


;'CCY[6/YB0924][W
63+L6PH1*1O






86:
!S=(F64.R
MAF1-U;)F: W;VGP(QN_^6V7-N7OH/V[.[\ 4C*D0#*B*&7FR2DJF%AGEFZJU






MT+/%

M2O@;;T93G?A:C:9C.5UMYX7QFT]N2FI)0:+F9**F-R!14YW&='K%Z-@I&
^5

T8$E:N3G;\O
M83^+*7RBC)]Y8A$E_BIFB
\$<F


M=^9%&9J);\D=V+I)VL8XU2-N\AIMWQ)8J8*4E41=VCU]MO/!!*T%XU7M%2;;


Q!,YCK+SG%I
MQ#C;3AWV'O-FB_MT_[I.?V*O]D_?<@Y'6R^RV@^%['K\X!]P?X<XLX7B61Z
M]K[TM/'D\DOY 188BXQ/IW[@PSW8^$.V!BGG\3[





)=+F\)@8D1W= J'4&K




]@-]M8F)U2+J VT1V
M3L72(6(JRM]V0F-KP1*LJ[KJ75A)'E-*QQ94G6JP%[1RW<%. A_E\$0B
MBY6#4\D'8+0 -!$IX=Y__R /[5@@9/-N;;RL

MT*-Z2_[RY2-!C0P3KM[AXY_P _&IG#U]A?J:]_]12T/IB7(.OEK2HM!Z2P0K




_%C8






R4VJ)'8'L.3C
MX'\*
EDK.DEQCBR)





MY BO 

1%]'T8@':)\I




MCX!P:=A(5\

0:)(X4'X%8



M@.[R\FYC%/E]687#$]#GZ





M9_G-Q_E_Z?


O%A:# #LO /RT(



M1 1KE)1'Z57Z5;D:8%)AGT@%+\4N0=2@LG,*96M@PR5NZ Q7 E/6OE1H1Y






E8K(91;'
C=:  /Q


F97SOC
M_I:DLCH= %(8^0MRN=^HX^-:'I/C2%D%K+P=UQ]9GTS8=





Z#'4

M D*MK%JRV$@\=S@IGKVP!KIJ[TW!1]5JS($B09#8F@-!@-!#EJ=AO9N37%

=^_K4C+.'
MYKE[!
SP.IZKS*J=Z'%&EM/7%MHP!@1D]A
D#E:51U9WI*UK7E

M2!+F9G$

QN1Q=7DYN


-6T;



3$+$.A#.&6

^SN3Q5.,!YO(X?IQ&\0.//6T'J&XXLSJ)H3RZA2I
0%652HGIC$M%MR]&8B=[T<G

GKU2[1G:*?J'T6C;4.28]$?\0

 
Y#_SYXL8Q_5@53






+MRTF
SD8W]P

M@9+A







HCNP666=_1Z%W.UH\ZOU:^Z3M=JU73Q]?EX^G:(0)

MJ*TE
N&!\%![/#CV@/#P5LW3(*NWTJB)P

=P
YL+
M'B2
AQZ3@;4^R&VLR#G@D$22BL13RNZR&]'?CN5B70ZK4)6@0M@I9^:'6.

M2[*P#9)



MU:DW.NUPGGJ/%J*/K\O'GWM6255CAS;J5S1YB!A0+P
:
(5B=T/@]+QJWM@=


!]I( &U3?PJP6
M7%.U ,Y17**Y-2!I.KWM3FAZLTS;Y52Y^X[QD ^1IL3'HA]BF)W+T0_;?A







M8'.K@7_P-(./\T7RZ_3G*+S[*N+YE;C=O^7 37\R'%[U1\YE][+;N^QV)MUQ

CX7'%K$?NOZ!ZN1[U'(HBQ-4@P0A'?, _JQZ!:6
MPC%\4*MA[],HEGT40J FF_KW@CT:RO'4;KL.T6M^H_?:\'N:&FVT!M2NX*Z

BF.=:

X







6BT4L$A&FL$KF8R]2D5!/WPKDT&L]??70
MJG0N;IBU])IX










D80D/1
+2

MJX('S/.3-/9O






1@YJI_QG0$]6PQC0_/:6Q&G



G3*





MLMC?
I@[$=.4<[&[PZ5V






ZN[[-S6+?JQWW$0E:
M-R(:0SCB1.)$


M2-20J#E5+4O;:CO:DDF

]YZD?A

M 'U#).)G



 A&WRXXO\_-(&[+!I:_*O#2B6F^:'(-[5

MQ9Z(45X%?)&('XM_/..VU:+B32?&:*

M?TX?3\%10[RA356!7ZUV4H(SIX2]^
Z2*/ ]]O^UY?\=*1&\Q%\N'#$BUD5!
I$36-DT?:99#Q^?E4G5&^;]0::ILZ9OS65ZW?D* A
M04.9HMZV&ZU:<X(N6-V)N'X[@Y#T:E@?IC&?ICX+KOG0:9-+22A3$GRC4J2

9GX-X2)






X+V20!@1#X+=86#
M-!\8&!=



M51#B&NQ+ !W!IH)0<B;H

(G




YX^JREJK:2

F35&UMCM5G](DJ9*
M[6D-17:=M21Y'PV
;4<NV4,F$,Z80_J]8UO#8?5&0*TS46@LK$F'?G-FK Q;?6T3W\C\/@/S
MNQ@A3[8&V=^O'^W=D=5K:V\]?-XG.&FP=:YW=98JV *ZY_^W*WSL2M_W#<W
M@ 8+'
LF?VWDYT%!S%H


XPSP\R3#
%

M!*Y+/E#!4!4%0R



M



MEIY.+M!JZR=JX2.UV@-MU?F'D\P4[M$HWMX:C]813MX4IDY^G5Y&(7:KC.6-


MR2'

M[OU]'/ECUP6^2Q.L4


%/OLUA@'F5X=^4G

[
M/V1^.$6?ANR!=/O(DGP['OAZ*R
/_0MQPC2U--I=]:R=IT;152V29VE4_$))
M8OF;OH@V8X61TYO=$Z-D R[O=ZKK]7'UV1V1$5ZE!9GT'+E'7)V/?F1*@:


&6D68*=QFA)0R1A Y

M:!

M;;.;3-G+DY@*!EGHYU!69+R]2@6
:[G'0ZMO4ZTTN0-KJ*(8SVTD:M:+G7K#


80C
M3B1.-(-PQ(GGS(GG[5:1/VZJ@MJG--WP4KR3@]0P5C*./L0_Q#_$/R:=;P:I



M
Z#ZU ]YZ/JPUZ7ML)@+PHW[(1/?%R*$;8==C\5RPSUV*]('(4+%/@5?W?($
M_B1W*.1W0FZR@(^ ATK&F?F!8!%R1?Z\Y0W) C9WZKMLRMTT@C\GF3L#CF$S

MDPD.+\A7WF*_R:4!9]^*P!?W\I_JZ8L%_
*#M\2)U&((HW-13J+/)#N=X\6
MLC6\7WXKO$=^7?E:-TJ60 '*)LC=Y7?#!5G@P1U)%B D&!(KAOT('IGG3Z=
M)MSF_.+R9Q #EGO%\S#Q$UXF$7P+_@)FF=P8E]-Y,\,[Z8LL_26/_-@-.


VAUNIV!1O=^3XM[OSLXJ8.\
M\[;;NT.S'.2]


2P0]P*D5RR?G\LL^&^3)F7%[Q5

M*/$C3U*\!5&C
 V_P(LO 0VH!$J ?$GA?U1E#5SWZPHN^S+S3KRYQLVK@SN/





MIL!FRS2(:(
6.5&;Q;[

M#^^42O^4MV0&$NCQ?B11EO\++0/5:&'E8WO!$)!ZSTT0/218((^8[X 89C7
MGR\-9U__7L_]7



M*5S3?DM',&@ \LS,5EZY0?JC=*L
T015;NP \2#E,'Z]%V6WZ30+BL,S6=$D__;?\OX3RZ8HSYY1)MQ<QY(


@



%1^

/0_






M


J5B3 J[* 2;J3W;RV2
M(-UP^4@;^33
K+T5^4O1SD.BT7EY,1@ @:QELE)FV(%9F8MOLH8P'%%)^G
M;RM F;\+$PWCZ _E+9QFJ &R#'.%I/-2Y!G%V

V?0_F








M[5@.C7TL;//T(0(F$@MVM]R&%6E34(YE#J/*&
+:SB0?AZR(]
K*97;(:H&H

M;B7=0\7 X9P'7]\23#P%TR3$#_%!HO!8I;DN





'3QK66;6%4B\:\



$$VL(GZB*D;@'(63
M



8-:VE/-?RWC_9[=;0









M

M-%[%I+M2^!(U
*DK%P^URMG(
D

MEL3VL*Y4/IY_0WFGSE(3.
6

MSM)9%

ZW4^_,G SWFV5ME=URH@G*X-ICR HVP
M1 :P8^[YD24CA:F%
^J]+VHJT? +T/E&)'?23#:W/A^1RD)H=48P,C7$[
M.=Y(N8NLU=R=))]?Y$L-9.D-74F21WE0:CZ#-4.6/7B*#J*)Z)XX;9&QBH?
M*&\EG
3




M

?OCY+J
%D

JR%@]D(
]G 4G/IOI # 824@]EZXUU
MDP4/72@&7K%02;_DJA-  =VES;$










MM!!VKXXJ8N0_?X&-3E




W(NXRBG_34Q=*/B1CT'LPE\_C37_]*44#^C@G1_&JZV-PV
MQT)YN&Q2^/F9NK/!2A*E'V=.0:KQB'+7^Y_C4I'$Z#X*DQ7G1:QV28=0YFP]

'M)=%%H4O B


-$7<SQV%ONEQ():)V
U&:
M8/$  AL*T?49J#?V _K

 SX

+=
















M;_0&)Y63IZ+C\^]! LWHF8?1(W2.PA7W5 ZZK(5:R&'JJ!4!=ZZ1J]5?3#2
M7NP:(\
G&<
MZ6L+G7ZC=5R:S*G+[J]:_S$<\9XY8F BCPT_&'[(3XCC;FG8WWOA..2V:UX
Z^NC2P? ,<[TF<VUI%6E8R[68:T2SJWN


=%G6[66N; S?-)G/A+ZC7^< ^<L]:P/1UU!KWIM'O6



M    8G)E=RTR
#$V
3(S





MX\C[K]C? *0K?,3^7J$!$[ *:,TG.D1O(?!
LY/@&@)D!A3MP4;SM2'B$4

M8QPEA!;Q!/N!2'YIKDB] QX:SHD=.YSY:UK=G1]%:U^&-LV\.T.*UBX
F7I1
M 3N;*/*O9H+7E#\U3\_VXV(U


)

)CGS8
MGX%@SNTY2)#4DX$'1D+%'Y4_+C?$[HF$6_P&]RROZ4S-M]/'949/HIGC7-



VYXA.5%K^! G_(QJ)X $\Q/09_&D



[2TM1=RIBN?N68&\S) GA8X%M(54GR.]2$?#0K@R\A8S9-YYJ?6-
MT$DI.AF2;R:*%6'O&<M0,WO&4ZUG-!NLIG[1I&QKOUBF-DOGFK]XC;#U= K



8?#NM64#'8]]6SO\3=0S1&L;O$D0Z2F7B:5W]K+K&.:@T[=6DE.^_5S
M
@\H #WLM%-6@VIV.;IM11$1AXV=%9E:J]_6!153
'NB4\WA;)TQ:NF25+9Y

MG92ZJNZE])UL V]FW%2ZK2.T)FSVC[H-%79&K:7G+&T%2X=J2]?L9W5;
FR-
M6S\/W

OO9XVLC@LZ*HI,G62L3^?(XYR.
MCCSDB KDVJ6ZA03

]D7Q4W(1ZR'K_E;-:^ I?6
M'CT3VXEOCR;
*P4?+UKGY8T*+^
NK6<%(LL




M
O1RB7U




MO;DR[BM[*T-36WO09I%@IQ[D1
W7W#F%(X&_AR! 1Y[AL#:W'MUHPC/=MOD5

&#1Y88)
)^#9
M/A;MF$(J\ Z(NX@?_2(C4#HYO/1TBJ%+\:M0N%-E+)AEU$KXFG6WPU70M#FF





@MGJ;P[(N_NMV:
M0LS#E^MRCZ+OS5TV7
6!3AV$B@#)KRE9=(
KC'F\^2=O:=V+ZO5BF$+4B^3+

.5AVB%ZB
U@/.(C/CM+)'8.?9!K5]@/


M+KK4]4

+A2%$W

[J8W[-X1I%1/


21I$/


RD%_LJ\#CT[\@BWMN[$=;LA'G



8V=PS1C&H.0ZUJ_JQP
B^H %O 5\__F2(7^86R]=*]!7P5

K' 4N*V$*WU=L#!OL%XMPCRAP'E\OI/R1#%*O?20$&1/L


^N5<!$
B@WQ/SHCILI4T

M?H&C]PQ9_H:LZV]?E?$R&5+69=Z9$&\$/G*J4:3/[A4\$%$


M2#ZJW I5O9@RS_(CXP'$Y5Z/XPFC)N$*((^?_^39%'TY
_;&*KKHXW$HD'^+
M\2
BGEXN
T+5=F(423T(@4MXD+%Q@9QK(

YW=6;H6JX&#+!Z:KTL@JCKW#
M%)*/C3K@+HA'KSY(IEF4:]]CN;\:F%W5&@K?5G4M)_E\ASSH$63=7K*Q8ERP
MO+
**F4_?5]4_%+%<L/V\/'@E-F=EJ_?)84H9U?9E


MU;%6$9?=5!6
I2#)(M
MPD^]\1AS
'9J6.G21$G=[$R\NHXQ+QI_!*K\B9





M7YRT@*]$'6+%;U^N9/A=ZK)94D;XG[SGRQE2:Q*UE\'F_ NXJ^JO6OG_DI

M#*:
*RLRTY:48S.QQWJ


MFG

MH3
52L4S7Y!\):[HNJ57HEW)0TYY=.F7O;.V/5='=O!CKZ'0Q8TQ)3Y\I[;
M=$.\W(#00)YIT8J2PG H^WZ+3;4
QM.62A[8


$%     @  (AP2E'FVJNH(P

38Q
C

MOTR
9Z


M$7[XQU\>/;J$HYU/X0WD1^7?7]^\N%%);'U>AA;PV_SB

(-





MHTW;JAJ[%:\^0+O6HQX\B.[6
)3
SR LSV;IJ?\P6?KISX!:UJLPG;SO)F^W


G5$;6_!\23L-@CVE1M*OM?M'(FS


M/%O!N_FK]GD[OSA[@KU\%CY-.G*^?\UCM_&E;]NU4[)GB[;5
[;\W09KM]*C


MCAUP6V59.\V# ZJ9##))^]GDSR)_L:


=]#^

9J
M0=Y[_^%QH=IC0'OBZC=K\A'*-A$D_['Y=?/KK(4X;_%EO\[B?)8FI3E^^GK5
MQO

M


M

M)BJ+RY/

^@\=7PDHS!@7AG6
M$QMP+V;O/LWW+00'U]4HU..\EI%PC\ 'EA1^X( 
)U



[=
M.;2HEJ)EV)]SW^IJ@G5@O*,$5&*HYC*/=B43Q%A&J8H&HH:'4ZZ.37]E.N%





MCY*K3*@2DN2DH*PHEL3







M

ML*M8HRV8*+!Y+MA$K

:K%B*LL\3MZ_^J1

IOFFL9_*\6


M/;6]QQ\.3VTOV&O_I=O!P/L+-!S_$\YS(E+]0)D)M(#(ZC/1TT#=\G]D0CP
MH([;XO[JC50M+ES=D[9)HWW0G+W; 


?
B)$)QP)ECE#C


9]\_DJ[2SYP9[)ZVWQ7EXM?@^3E?!8[;/7M+-E(QH5W&@AWX DV



J+A)D$GHL'1

M+W)-@G6:1+! G# Q^K*=+GLL%'7FB8'9


MY;+
Q$D&A#%AB70A2IEU8*=_Q&5@\HR6DV%91/:=GG3:8G:@]GU:RRWZY;
M2C72):V\QI=)*4E@J.NYQ-& B]0R%EA(N8?'OKHK9'B%=ECPZL0_;HE(?.V+
M=78.RPE6?E.N$8



L


M$@15%:.#R@A(C_P9=1P&1YCEA@3T&(2Z6O4//YAS0V-]9Y'&SCQ/N,(8RX1
M)RS._R8))H4W)I_\[ND1R#4\K-4H]C5YU-J_]FZ.TW*YJ+QX9QKY_/V_IEY


-\EH8;!L19G
MMH!3LJ0LECT]8_=4TCB5M1&*DG(JAZB$:BB(
J_+$DG/'+ ^&2CJF)C']HP-
WR +D%X2%CR:
C'I


UX.KW[
M]43O#MITKJ
1C-FH@!$?:20LYTRD$X+D+*
-*@*NXH-LS/WQF30FJ+7(==N$


=X*F_
M!&]TE&LAB-57DN

M9.;;+R^P@];Y7K$D]A_*]_[%; DM+/8X2
=Z:\.#$5D*1:@-$5M


-


=G@C*IZG&NNQ(=3M2;[@UWU
#TB
+\YLO;S:7?!)CBA


\RD5H!
MKK(\XN I2+JHA.L165AG9_I4V34X]!7/0QP8%+8U@BDPK;7!]=P$7E*:&
(L
MJ@=4! ;83J[S



M[^'6K*





ZX2A100$Q8!EV2 R$
M)@;)


M:LGE0BDO)5%9D0'26D@4R'23?P?3!O0!R/S*V7\[+RK.*RK






&%(7W



MMW\^F'('U-UD;[B.:+M;X2


!V

MW4
[8CX.1+46I3?K@?(&UN'O7^7_!=IX7G(N[;P/8F_91CEJ(7!#5$QHBH
M)/B
:W/
W$9=JC6J3P((BB;L2
!59BCW2G-4ZZ3DJA88$K]Z!J*NILER^


M8SS:E(


M_.9-C
H*1WMD6JIU2')HJ@R)5QT+^*NM6


?(M
/I/D-1 =M=)9


M_&.%#.F=I3BV&KKUX-_NO:A=Q1IMP42!K';!)F)E!B*\PM5+(SUQO0+C.T4&
M5F[QO@BOW04;&YU+7


756   (
M7@0 %0   &)R97<M,C Q-C$R,S%?9&5F+GAM;.R]6W?;2+(F^CZ_HD[/<^W*
M^V6OW3,KK[4]QV7YV*[NF2<LF(0D3%&$&B1M:__ZDZ (Z$HQ(V@JOJA6I:0
MB8PO/F1&1$9&_L?__'&S^.E;DJ_2;/GWO\%_ W_[*5G.LGFZO/K[WW[__+/Z


MV[]6CZ[2UQX

M_W__].Y))[
\OEQ_S9/P4W;S2_'$+SK\*VA0Y7F\O$H*;?TS*.EC_'6U_I#E



1L^7GZX#6=;:8AX76_6N3

+,/^_6Z[CY54:WA+^<1&<J%RM5@W\^B.Z&''4#1EQ?$\CRM
+4=W

ML2Z*@/3'.





6C^IK$Q
_[)[Y)5X\RXW<D[]?IN07

M?)




_0!5^L9U]_WVVR()1
(%X^
M'AEF$6.(0Z*5\5AYP.46#HJ!T0Z/2


: 0T^A5.W90CNVU

MS3N)C&







Q#/0Z3$X?&V]D.VX]$

M7!RDG\TV-YLM
#:YS9-9NCV89)/5+$^W!Y
N+LNR(+768X=^(P0YP8!X9!D&


$V$$4*PX(M4


M2VE]

;)/O
M0 <1U\ (1!3*A@MP6G6!)428<;:?]_BG'0_%%YCS?2_+_-D5@ __WTYRY:E
M\_-Q=\C\X?+
]PW.;AS?6405#]^$XYH:(XFCVEM6HB(\YDU8=&)DZDYV'-=1


8.60Q\1A
M1ZE15E6?


MP;)


M]*CL&5CUS)Y!C5.M1S!^P:)2R\?CI0(9@^PO$C,Y! P*TBQ^#CMH%/:-JK

.G$H$JR



EMA&]UL5FOUO%R


+E#QUOKVULA@5NFH


M-RRG

WDG;OBSK

M



M@.$E0ES ]NDZ\MSI.!*D8Y$N?!/WGU/Q 1U@TI/G(H6T4
1P6YQ49Y)X@$PI
VQ<\1#!*C0FBHJ68.
M6$0
(

MBTFG/;_/EE?K)+\IQ/P2AEN3[?S:XQ&T*#A DAB'.2].VC(K2S@$%^V-^(&3
MG#NI]GE-ZN[ C&7[/!]J;4[KZPTB)8@P$&K++!2:TL*I**6SW)AIISAW4UB-
M]CLA]-9X

GDYBFH_T2N3[9.5L&=*Z:[+YF.EW_49Z[M;1-)*I7#'AHO! 54
M8DI1*:/7=())SEV5]=SQZ0F:T;[Z8!$%QR=/YNG^2^[V/QQ!C)6Q$'%/C$64

FHVDZ6:^+&[B:ZOJ5QR
%@R RS((8$8Z@D4Y7

M-7IF0)_PU%-AW[6%3U:971#V8YS776E;URX2 E


E

MHVJT_@#)PU



!@O)W2WJ?IYEBSC/
V:%F]Y

MLK]A9*!G1

M3_T'IIRA@9PDZ8H;(;Y\S_KBVJZ[

M!L7:X3==9H6W'SIAT*[#2#DLC#7.R^!B$(V*.W1*=*S [2_F&




(
B*8


8

^^I\NK







Y]]^OK3$93,(4.0P( RP*T--G<5K@4=SNSU7YIW. NT%VS:ZS']$9:6ZSB_
M2DSV+<G#2G(_C,,.1TVSB$/E#5%
DJ=
(8(#RH6F@XYL/ \XE
#@-1:Q1^#


MN
Q


MP2A'K



P0X1+%0$)7%2YT@'3;!AK%#AV/)('@]\&6H^Z4.'US?5N(:^(*E\@)










MHE54N-B




M28J.#G!JP+=&B%G*.0

MWBV3


M
;J@
XF]@4_);!&O5NEEFLQ] ._QYIEY%\3
[@%\*+&3Y05^'Y(FEY

M.88IX\H($UP4Z25FE?XL!Z


1(*#


M2Q*=+$








?B+D 2-A
MIH?8

=9B?PKQXALW4+6D62JY:1*.H':H.)9%0[8(V7II+7
MH/;SQ\!G$R;E4?6 [%A










MG_P

M513
1:D%#WZ+#-()CC@SI9P@B#_!/;J1R-$?:A




A^


M2R(






Q;$):6T1K
)U008UK7H%:;QCE-?)F'8
M\^-94=




DN()AIH.:
6))*8U%IGV BYVC
MWCN!




M







M!9.$5RAP.&:QM@D;N(


M'F*B$*N TAA/\#;P+BIZOO75!R8GMBW:&1/;CP1AX[@Q&#ME&
::0U6:YT%V

MF-$)K[?-D7



ZK;7Y

@-.-


M?KLGA'P&XM9NS$_&O&C8F:OU4U\[?E(\R(4A8Y@HP&!& '2]D
MA/
^Q]6
ZB80%[MZM<6

<IIY


MW'D%/$6JA$Y#

M$GQ#J*\^4:


MQH#0$R@


MIPC5Z?/='E5G;XYO%M[N%681C7QRC!?9'3:H5T56Q .&.G;3!TT$4V%$:M
M];LWY:.AIINVCRRF  'B##6F*


U[
M(H) D &
-2EJ(/-2-HW)!*]''YH00^+7#S?:EK_1J+B[QD$
$ %

M=?LH](#NQGBZ;HO3:*9!O+RJ\S*J9R*M*?

%+$1HZP4B.'*-490M \D')_R

)M

D3?O:/,.9TGWHLP,&8^GS
M\SK8X7Q^'F6+.
\S6K


CZY/^\['W4:
M\36L=D]DG_8%(!=7.HXSY/%JB@U50Q)7-]5V5#[PO@=N@RO
R(]8[1[75


H:8C&]^M
MPH+\
;]\
M._9ED33<,5ED#W.,+(.6(EPB)35J[YL-=J/Y;DW



0N4X
Y+1)EBH+A?SI4R.=3A-(-\$RSI












MIR% 7Q6U';=60X4=QIINO4Y






M6-MAD_)$]_&TTO) :+76?I6T:!;Q:K6M5*16GX*YLY7TXK+!YWQ$%Q&D1AD;

MB_5UDH=QKAX&^FY9%.AHQ(LN?4;*80X)4E()JH$EU*-[^B/ L=5CUMP^Y60Q
M&H+M)Y!DGL:?DO3FZR9?W7O

M;H/]5#O7#/*VR!F-+=*:&Z&U9)(RJK988:T
T)'$AQ_-
W\=-CG==

2TH=EX:+[ //U(

7GM2C0GEJ2.LVY
AJXO+1[]K


MP./G(J^!)EX ;A@(8G$IO-S)PHI-UVEO#O:DI^?:[P&A\];Z)+?[IJ#LGF)]
M.DGRG=U\.$SWXL$(&1


M=FKM 9#7&D32
&8!E-@R@8C V!1%)^ZELZ[#!8BC'0$9WI[J!;K3$:-V==W7


VF(L]& ]ZPJA]=93[]S^\

@MG)

PR*PE+4:**] D@;Q1I]P$.?+3@@2/
C!76=1! *

MUT3NCN@E0M(# C1RC+A-24B0H\YL=

M/;*GB&(H%$


MP3OYC%R

\EP

M]#[]4?Q4'Q[:WR@JBE]HJ964Q!'&BGHUE15FC?.M.3#8H: A.= ;4&/1X1_)


1



W6Z;=T?1?T
M^/ '4Z1*+%?;PPHCC.W)@%9[1S*%
7Q

 ((@(0CZG8X&N3(9(Y5


VPEJM_ V]
B8M9#@3 )OK62Q8W2
MT)%2/DH[;/0



T


ZCQR+L@:.






M=8?V'\FJR&2^+[9W\+;0=\7(6Z!92Q8O5!ABKS0E6?C*?43+'UWROS(:A@
M


53=OZ$OYL*F[16NL
M
410.62IE

HQ_Z^QB8I.-_2ZU4./G/*(AW+^@+(+8'



 (\P




OCG@#H!

!%US @SW

MKJ[ORR$OMI]&^.GB\E
RRZZ6Z7\%&;?:--EJO6H2+.WY31$7&B-+73!GPH0



M'+E@!F-# WK$
F@Q$[K]91ZGVTL9DT1]@MO-J]MN/#3PY!X]%U% M486$^ZA









M6 7-M\;VCBJ9/.EWQ]K5?+ZE2+RPZ:HX;EE4VE5?BRVSV2#


\GG_#'-'G]G7@9JFQGM9R;

M36SV)W5:QE'$:#4)[L5)YJ]+NTM./4#79AU$EEF
!4;28L**LN9$EK:EA-RV


M





M4]!A9KT.YB_QW@OL=CA:!





MTG+'@I5G%65(2


NJVSKO5:O-T.^!^=_^1Z545




M#:$N- V7XM2'#(G +9.:(H0H5NGM9ICDIXA!(_X+7T/IWCRM:F+9#+.NKP?-

MBE2#




S
MS3K76I

MH%:9]



LUEB_O)3YU
3NZE

M#0 5    8G)E=RTR
#$V
3(S









MM0A[!']T?W*=H!$Z
\G$W!NAFF;[UT$XW4$51A]9.?)%:76'#SO^1_)O1]9]


Z BFT/WIR0'I_^

A
]O-0/79?9]
M\SF[.1YV?*XNSE@2G]?5Q\/_R&Y?3-PAVX'0)TE$'(^X@8T\/.3F=N2X(JC7
M6J!AG)]D@EXG^'@ 7*D8Q_6Z.\[JQ8R5G?V_Z*D47PWZO.LVJS6C:^OS^XF\
MV7U_UJYQ%YK6RH9=6R7CRROMD1%;EVUSS(14&'P
)9?!\O /==D\D)_SZL^H



Y=EJ5#C'#O35JA
MLAC39:\HTQ9P5A9P+TU=$]7$#!Q%G.8Z6 OO=(?U GY&?!-?PO\M.QRSS]FV
MN#WD'



C!I%_M3!

M:. L-@DT+E/' JW3ZJM7KDW35+.:&L1E:EVB&5U][:LUODL^!6(MMPGC+[7W



;9'DL2/1G&] F2
M.B=-O13#O&N$J?13)_@F!K5Y+)/#V)E;Z^'61:-&2#7=W'6P24

M1K[
;9A8/!67A! FH1TZ'G5C!R(

LLSIMLF1I]9
M').#S\FL];#GDDTCZ)GL[#K(
SV


4N+;/GI49^
MB ),K, /?()LEMI%W3B;;3F21_1/+<OTDMA.'GC(2M (E /<9O%T#:GBW)0
M&PS\U!NX'JJ]X=H(SW3YO0Z2:8NF

=I!M4ROT^!EU/@PMGWIV
M8$6!AJ-^%0HU]W:/'R\)3EH7NV!;RLF1M]I
C:SCE384F_C1CY
=E'V9-T$2






U2-

M2 Q1$O-=U Z$MI/T!1+;%KHT4T

MEPT:6^XYW=5U0$A'(

M4%NBQ83(D&A*.891U$B30\\DU\38

MD13ZGSMMXUX?\D/VOL[NJPUT(^(0A\9QA!P:4
I$#/2+J-1I+UH*7':^X \N

MOM0EM*T(!A1[*

/?@O4@

:.
M9T71





M\L\*'W;-7WB1P^+*T/$P3#PKH4[D^Y85.@X

*TDPZP]B6M.
MH-PUEH
#$R@'THEVBB%S/B?EX/C
Q.:O#0&76@@Y:M0([/08O ZL:8JE
/$(
M*J#JS]4:UAY22.,D1,E*+1H;!,217&?JV(_@:$TG^0^WC4/F?;_$'V-@
5



M[/@1)3Y$_80.CB(L

'@%WZJ

#$M6
7)0GQAI3;C0B6XZR&

[LK\K4UCJL Y-N^C4)1H^UK :'.D%[
M3[M?;P'ONLR^;SZQ, N^4CS=_YJ5VSOV=N=5MK%=RT_X]'7BA+9/PM!PX0)



M9[16KC5ZXFJS]_$9 N=-I
=]&DFL-1F\CD1;5S%D8=0VP$6]%CS.]#/57M



M[-99CZNGM]9@)0ZDT^ZQ&8+S_.7K]V+CNJ[E!#@


F_!X#CHWV343OF8F=]YJ0[%L7?V



B/0TK0((9&GM0)

MW00DM!(7AI%E$^+!


I4UT\+7JD@IX-7WE
SX
4W#%&#(M=U/0LZD15BRT*N#8D=#XH27]?R



N:P1@&(&SYOYG5Q3








#[U7-H7&M)(:K1H8E&S$2X[+8[C[^'^U9&D*W#+


M8^JZJD[M&I^SFCJ/X0H




6LW\6ZWJQ;M(2NZ.\-5L;:V#O89CO'AZ



MY.*
=SK/.$#S0\H2N71_3@2YO&RZO;+
\AO\BU?7+?=%L=#G1]N
M/['^R38_7U;L)3:
40PAIK%-'!CZW9!'Y%D4(2P%(CU%FJ;2224XR02]3DE(
M:7)9D%CS&RR)KW%OEX29D'5C9-/K_4HPISFHY\PSX9GP/-(P8?7Q)BKN'[)#
MU?21/F?-3O*HJ.JJF0:_3JML]RE]?#HF$R9!0/F5)0YQ71=:3N2U^RT(Q1;T







^VS-NBM
?_GO$EW0]IONN3

;
M^5=GO9PVA#6
11W^\+L1U'\OQ]R0\W/GZED@S)
M&B3&)8/.R!&H2SR6 LU3'T:0HFC8.NA*O[Y35]3/) #0M=]./7[HBC$-'%A
,HUG)5Q?,Q2PY5]D)Z5R$-+DL!B4
MYK=6#E*#I\T79Q*O0%J#7F5[K-G,JR]%G!M;=ZG5^75@37-,S]=:&G!,XDYM
MOK&O^IQM,U;R]3[[+:L[XFYQV5EQ&&



MK





MR_
0I@'%_MQPCCQ-W51IWN%F:TW/UD*&H,(X7?A*_^52=0-$IA.DNK1Y.F


MEVA3WVQ
A5U9QSLO*_K5YE




M-LD34;STAU]V!]&\Q-LFC#V8&!AXA 2L7PK=*.^7]TD5S*
[T\XYD/\[\\

MO



YX+VZBH^M@
MCX8X7O;EM#@C/'1='&Z_9N5]G%W7S3;)YIRH#WS9Q\?K?7[;7IT^K

K00\$P)X<VI/T@N]2=HF=&S'
M\AR66X8V8EE










M!/_FY\XR]JYCS/UMAZ0'V[6:HSS*OMC@NMBHNK!)Z^DO++X^B2T0LOZBSN

8F1#3-W$#2W;1=2QW'[6CR1VB&32CRGEF%[!

M*((&M]=!*AV!O+@[4)
W








VS[TR4
72







4AC1&V$SOVHKXX)TBD



&TNKX.FND-J3#XE(I1[KK
OF].%P;U%Z9\//R/[+;:!%80




*QY4)?








M[;D8(9=U+/HR/#N4.D]#[I--0Z 5(PD!.6\$(6#
%DD(M#J6@LYV
04')K





MJ3)

E1FAFK6(S'ZZQ=


J9.ZPXYGT+^E]UD[=;.)K#!Q?)=$E EV

!1\?2






M&G-^DH9?]S-A(D]8[+G]R=.*Y7S3E84L7//R2V8_9\VIU)_2LG[\RHJOTFVC
MLUDV=;KM-_ I3CSH.W[BV\1#

MV;'*RG?D6&WOKL'#Q'XY2_X'?F+;%.OO1YDEZ\N4 7JJU0[L:!1Y[42[OZ



7@=W-(4

M@=;$H@Q3JU

M#_BL--L.8\=R/=^.'60[.#6,-J.[C:U$6=[B5[?Y)E2&50@QS9G@J_KE7I




M%JB!B4W

A\^DI)5


812[PP Y1E(W%QL78SIOS\K[]




M@5T?AY860UL536HJ9JT;PVW$$
L5&((!IVA %\[CJMH%P0J0;Q!TU^RJ6P+M






M_
K R_-*
K;D*[ILYK9HY











MQA/P7O5J

@.
M;2L
6#Z/[8!2FR;#%A(_ECKR1+4



MJF\QNOX

M;\U0:(7;0W;C8\G^^ZDYQIB/BR8.LF

+8DSJ[95YE
_2L
M6]'@EJFN0'$ NT$TN









M*'GX4\
0:E @RSY^FK
MPM)T]@NLM6;*)$&CYIX8:8P;)X<:%<^,<.4U7T; ,LG&=9!E6@B%QL=J&EOB
MXIYU238X0$%DVR3V8CL@KNM[KM\7%OM1-(4N@D4LPI=6VT3B'JHQA@#]NF@

OTH

MXTRC72B^&*11A;XHQ4V,VDN&C0F^FFKH
W&N(H=#]NDEE.?L@^WK3[#+J
M;,?!46Q#GZ(HAJY+[=#IX)^0*4R'/F/-YW=
$5\P*%=CB^9SBB8)9C*F/5)
M

M/K2C

\.=)
=%

.?


+!\]VRB

MMZA39K?%G)LQDDQ.




M#*B;P


MBI*KFW]GA;!A8TN-C!B_CI?34&RO;


MA

0V%RC29Y_J

.U,WBAB28
MAVUH&K9B5IOK7:79P0NU[YVY'*-6J$K56$_*W;E@IP
7@5/C:&7LE=E0VW+


3
M8/B)QWI(K%9M/QV

#L1:K!9C[FSV*N&U5]<?/C0O*P6\&<&B3F?704M$17FGD/U5'
=[#H)QV]ICXEKRU&U%*0Z4$JWNIR?<V^M@_/
M[LR0WNCQ]EQ&


MI7SNH?5^$ NBM[PW?O746SZ.=7Q-5

M'

-PU:SA_\J0[
$S5\'3F;KF#D#LR3
M\TCMJ&&25GGUY:'


%NO+N*Q7,;V[,!BEC=PE:5



M/@X#A4.-

M]C!/G^:*BOO[O.8/.\VR=IGS!F
2(
MU0INZ+L86]?U^
6:



MGS+V8+


M;.PA:$.

F.;[*M@8C:GI9+YU\G-+@4[

P'IKL%GQL[]!(8

MBPQC\Q^L9WN7EK=95'S+2M:1;8OL)F9\&]






M



QE\;(IMGG


M$03J-'T=^-
:T?/;^[2[I8]II@*'^N[HLS_/=MM/ LZH1L'%74MGV*K##L
M2\38DCH0:DHYLV(N'70UG&O8)CME.\E4::@9]7
*S%IAX*1L
8 ]MT@
7
K&

7-NEK/N-*8 JN9B4F7,J:\
MT:012J)&*@+)@(?3870%6ED+DZ@5(4



MXF+J(H]0&$K=GK2 /

MEJQ[
0JOO-KEV+U
C1OAOOYZ&6DM%GP(UM'&+&E L9H74C;_/O(UVLW\ZF_I
7)=D<


*DR201IO%
ML+2
PY-9]9:Y1F@E[-4(PO3[O0ZN&8BK
/VDRIP.EUY7]6]%6=]]SZJ:L'_B
M-Z07]P_IX;'YWJ\9/YEA$W@PHK85!QA1B\9.XE*[+=J/?&I+G FGJ4##W&ND

70

N#7)#XMU
M_;H@@B23=6Q]Q9 




M4.(S.T;8.


M-'?9Y =0L/3GD04B
Y5G:;/;(


'8HP]*\$^I':K
M@?BN'Q&YP_GTEBWSXBF=UM?+!6FK%VR?'-]WK/@BA*($UUPN2#Y]43_%3W.M



@-&NN%^8O?G.4\[MK+ABDW]-R

MT^MA!/(S5O(ZR#]GP
5B+Y26-+QY



X]#U7=OQ'1M9
72I



_I!^!)MW1  B0R)RYZ:ZT96'MM8&U-TX;I^=:KZS&DIF+


[K
_\B)_/#ZN?)B$

M8DQ

M\HZSN[S(MHC5A&#K_;3;?*1](WU\VI7/V?Z/]6'S4)?Y'?P^H[V(JKP7XX0J





MAY)M^S3


/(? KE$WLKF6@!0UM4BB_[6!





HCC 89RD3D B

M%#/







MU\T(



ZTA%=/BFID$P9
XV8)W(.J_*^



E'GQ
!K7






MX'?*ALDTAQFGR%J
%-VB4
'I_

&); N*+5L6WQS894GVHX%2O3YG$:4.

<X/]<O-% N[ TQ;SHI-GE6G=^/Z)^
@]C!MU44)!A!Z;I $N
6




MN&OPAQGYNP[#2NU]64PR_UGLJ493)K?_I(I=;'






MQI&E=5V

M?!?PO^

7[W+ZJ^I_67]@WWS%^PC[$Q
\U9L7K G8=N#D'1BL=YL
MRF/!OHY]AH:GNJ7_'-F5J


U(:O^

MV+$ON]L=

M51O5J26_UH+T
HA=30_ZNAPIFB$8X$.Y=(+;?6#
?9-3$5U^E


MVAY/R\2'TKJE$*V*8128YDXFE&

NY694FKH7A/D_9IM@A3KYKP2SJO#

M*D Y*Z %PD4^-(6]Y-[;8MUE6;M!1\VA?S.P9X(4:G.F1 @RP8_30]4+*ZRA



M0

DH[6RA(F4IM!/G&0)
MG$.:M
G+7XDL9.Y



MH=H



M5T5VS[Z#6W&4M

 A



$.MFV4.G'H


JSXJ(0F#/$)@CYRQ.2@XZ5%,J\BO!A1 _DR#)##22Q




MOOLO9X)Q=S8_

M#@H3NVLI3+U()!62^7[-*='IX=.\QB3YFJP(87RZI9LK

B0F(


MLRIJ2O







_!?5F
M





F\DWHW&)H



W1.O5FO+P7H

M1_+*#QU


K7#ZN\V)%H U]




ACIIY$5-'




M)EAB-V]:@_-L\IT_'&3]Q7 VD5UN]V\BV4*;@O/Q++57.(7B60ZIGJ/M_;U%




\V$
(PM1%
MCAW%*$)I9*==LT'BBYZMF=;8_.K3XY


M5
MD#PY.Y%=6S312JU+-ECI1.

M:




3
MH5F($Y.@

MG4;=H8 8 E_HV?8)S2RP_OU!]F3S%#8E9VIZB)R^&





HO=%+?.'L8T^-*('9E-9;]L*&K@3]/U!+L!#]=
MP!*U7U^LDO+$7&'J=_K!0W7-;E-27:VO5ZX2'*6AYWL8!*$;)TEDVWU I:B%

1E
Z

(V#19HZL&ZX]5^CW;;W(*=X42
M[

M@3Z=Q*2.DX1QO]86NRYJMUK2@G=,3M\8V6SAC9;9:
O1TIM
%BI&0MN]S.
MZ]:?0ZXFV*]]N5W

M!E%JARY(?-=).T

UY5R4LLXP^V;S$OW

M

M]']5).9G99GP*^@U93&W$CK 
&H!@D$


Z+A=C'OS19R









M(8O*65EH]5W

MNS/
/FN8K1\8



0&H%\UL('X^;=E8XQU5XK#.8+.5<@6IOO5T.F


  -DI\%, G#U70\D+M?$0TU+FJ<(';[?:H!7
M%H5H_0)^@[_6




MI(YNT\*10LLN!B?5['&%JM_W955]7N^RJFTC(GZ
_3BE=!&(7
^-/1H.$\2N


P
W=
)@Y 0((TPB6
MH)! $N(@J8








M(F6




)K [O:0?4B\*=L
M4]X7^7_34)'M\W++TK4&]
H%A/BAXR$_B3UL(T! C&W/QXP]_N 4&'11#.

:^^J
N5






MZ336QA5C7L($IW(
EM7C:M;^:@(E#N=.(U'@B.UL9
H=E)U *M\IUS'[+YU5




M&39
$4HI[&_$49X!WLDLE=_R
?M



M$$&4V/TD-XD=H0


O26RWRS.I
MAB

MHP;%1L8)EM3BE21]?$JBGSDQ-9$@38NBG.5E1%6F\6B&LDRTH539LR8J3']W

QY-&Z=-1.T4.<!0'51EW7L*J91%[@NZ^3[;
M4+J[%R@P3$) ]9F ,$V)[]+&ND;B).:J^BGYU9J5[\^R^WK+NAL6VBBMV@%



MICFI$Q
EQEJ/ZG1U6^(

5*LBRX!CJRJL

MQH5:$Q;8[^GGFG-5M\\O:E)\7#\W3]Y\HQ'[ZN6?U1M[?S'SK-H^P;7!V3W/

Y++]4%S,CY%[.^-&,@AX=/ _K-



7*(DT2ACRG8D
;;T!7;=IH5F.;(U:*Q

?WTP


FO=0[-^R8OVI[_.-%N1]Z'F




M_COGA


QIQ^
M

S
TW9?Y6C^#;[5Y;;$J_57AU3T;?9/3AI



M-0&C$9[-


?M]QGK$ U*_'P




JH=AT_K0[:*'




:*E;#05?D^^;
XQ36E]*J7^+N


EL&=
MS=5$0N4T
CGRI]EX%$MO3M(_.=N81J% 
C ;E7*Q6II2OL Y9OVEN*:$


MK]=OW/&52?COC73CXSXO[IOFZMV\SOPO^_+JEIY@1/$J4V@YV&0)$&HKX8
M1N!$8O%2%XA9XE\+_*JKZWQ)-)G(4=05&;?SB#G FN$0Q:2KVB)]Y(LCH6
M/W0[RI!XH-W

M8=K[ I? (

1B5;9KF95AG2JRHKQ#'/4;_GA@6:F



M@5]B!&DT4EY$;1B7%BE&)&7E0UYDUX?LL5H!9+N0(#N*HMCS'
=)O*A3

M+^\^O.AKI4%NR%AZS8/'_

0@*)4*EE98UJ



0.Z




9T[U.QX
M*08ABI!'7!2%ON/@M&X4.SY$?B)V
V-24YICQ0=Z/V*:0SRJ?:,Y(E)\ 8



$P]$ 5V8&


X:4;I
M@P3\\QHARP.O3EP7F_(QJY7H4[;)Z/2+7:7- V)0A(F7NBZR+-1@E'7%L9$
MJ!(7 N:%:
!Q1(':]^#$E

_:6+ZT?)5 [).B*XL=-SOQW9^M
C)
M679&-&4:FV8(RT0;2I7]2TQBZAI(K9RQ!PJ**FM[S2I(:3
.2CS;2=


T(C2*&#5
M#+E184BIO
=) ^HJNQ0=0W%;AZ


@





M4LB[L:*=/=&=E3?$+5
_Y3PSH[LJDZ@T0WBF&O%F7T4!)[QB\Z_U/F?S0-98
MG7$E'H(I2:
H+T@\?S8]:*N&=OSA9GPE^N66 Z/
TXD9F(B=/%)RE:F1(3

8X=!U4CO J&LH#/Q8
MZ%JKQ-?/JQA2TR
9TL150P-?DW1CD4G06T(XM4.0/?/40]2 $?V0XH*_9E*Q



?)6YZJ^]?^A+TKEQ%(8$T=3


+$*%PR5Q6!9




%EXC#?-4XX7Q'!-
XR1.[=A.
M;2^RD[ 7.?UN$ZV3&U#L^1T:*QU#8=/92;S-JXR<U(FKS(]<V<N1&=J;+-
M/^[+K_]?8S!3&:_];Z8OWD!?WJ'DC+ZH(G%9?5%F1:FV:\FF-3_GFV'6=:*



MJ.K+7ZR:#/NBE1OB((IV_4B3&4XC64=(C=$/FK(JM7R[[PIVQ+PN4:YDDS



MP_DKG



M)ZSY]D=K&_'DH%KWTN\[Q/&M!*MBWS2=5&?8Y75BM=R)*^7@*;T5@



M



$!!MIN6Y@FL!


.%
MJN)3&%&R@/7A5




:,0H9@@
MWW.3T/4!AMTEOSB@\]_)04TKNMDB&K-+-O7%-KT.GM7#/&SVJFKC#S\0R

6&:
SW^7UZ;U7D#P;VBB*D..
M( YM-TJ3H(


MO1@ M/


CKVG1P(G2\

XE5P_1GFBV7Y$@!

_3L+4L5W/


MNEZ7^3%?=5EBWX

M!T#:-8;]2.@
L&03
^H=SN[R37[Y/K-2YOBT; ;2Q(2K V1UB!:2J_/$C&C3


SKV
M/C8=K!Z2]2]OGNH7A=+OV7Z35QD-?,#S<1@[40@AC7.1%X;=X08$[%Z!.J;
MUYS0


EK49X%*;I
WGK4G2/)NC
MU(ES [G]_]:/Z(4?_VS\2
K]798?CON1JB\+Y-)GN99.IJ=YSFC95F.A4#JM


M?#M*B-\!A4X$18+


M2;V31B+4@CWC&U) &E




M2_!(;-#N
S

MJZ_9_K;D%6FQ[Q89RT

M\(H%!!Y((N*[ 4!2@+?3ONAY@20M ?TV++-Q F-29^

M.6I




MA]RZ9=#%9L2:W


M
T-?-=M8SCD*)%4:/K=Q_/-#EAU^WY?')XKAU+SK)!BDMN]&* J0BST G*[Y


M6\\TKVMAT[1NJ81.BN81$=?K-C-D6[.-Y9P#@4^:;_?9M]6?1U9Y]N8.TG]D

M

M\]X/;34




M)M+'G_!#8C=WS:4-MJ?X]AIKOY
8V01C@.
$!537(V1CFQVSQ:Z/W)0F_:(/



M[OD=:H;.+V#WI9/M
S

$S(/OO/
2LVS^![7JWLR//90]PHL7&*88!!


MEER2ILGL3!$BMVTQP4X(
7+3)$8A3(+ #[JU/I0 3V[!3:*=683(G2Y$W+S)





W(I

NVV??BG





MN.41+B/


LC2:DTW@U





M^[5@$%LL6NEPTDCL6K1/F!')EJ6@-&B

@!/=65+!

WY/:K*





S2-(]3

G

/A
MW$N(


9\Z6O=A^UWGH]6==O#)X@]#R/$\M!+^; Q
M39)Q3#]DIB*G
U65'? GJP<U+:TSPJZ:L%=\Q556V8]J:66N-/7T'QOME5#V5-

VB\

MKB:#&KW7YMI9[8PR.G#%/!32A6':7= 4N3-43+''U2BT8:.!6-^G$?((RB#B

11^H



H@$ 3+%B
QV+ SL_A- V#5BM=WO^
^VJIUVT;'I$3GEG]H56NH^
M@!2M(WN81VYHD5ZU/KA0)QUY$L_(LP-/S$.71A6.9_%BE):5\NR7#7M.Z
O
M&_O\A


M

^D




^3P$LH1H3FWMCH%$4Y

MNE).0[:)1O[EIY3TWT+4O

::C@Q^:

)=:YU+W*EZ3

MO-E@2O5
T?6M6(\/(^.JV36+U/?-/,93%'@A1[._6!

B%V)DIE
MPY(3IY#
V5%5I[YMR$UU4_SQC_7N7IR$YDLM5M4GKICS0Q\SE%$/4H2\'
$@

L^K
M*KL2#[


M:P(G=5'QU1M30DVDT F7EL3O8F^^G*=*6=V4.9ZSGJD;(Z5@FAP9:A;/1.OZ



M1.G'

M\02#[WM*UX'8&M-Q?G\

M$/B)[W8Q(#(Y 76Q%(DG=&%6W3/P]=M&Y5Y7;2JMZ2Q%6C;':?B_5JD6%&

MCZF?(QBEU(=DO


.HZ(0*ZVS3
=R+C(G7N8' T+5?11#:F4W4J9C574G19M01Y6D


M-@EC+_ BBF.

M#7IU@H ]GA7P47XU@L,=GB7Q&RM)P*%M9IG4'8L&]3Y7(B*H227XN&#SX.
M6M7/QZ1)X$=1CJ&?AF'L8QJ*J]*[
Q-2R*7=5F(VZY:W]DX6,_#! +(%9$D*:Q<P?%R51K'1F




M-G@4J
&/#C;8MKA%2!=WC:^WW&R;H=R%$\U7S1?RGX


M8+.IQ.'\+^6R7#_NKF__][[8K&]%K\CKV]NR?@DTPY FF3BZ#\. )#Z)@W


MX!E29QQF ,T&)#8-/FP#LAQNC'@!0T'+'*+X4B5 -WN('1[@\=;E!MP5BL




N$5S].?$F8%MO\XG


X*R7)\P-! ZG

5T


(]?7J.59&


<(K






MI*L*LEPIZH(#FO25X2V&W&I#-[J
.BB2-C-]4$5_2B&T6)!:U=W\J&[NJWU3


M6.%9

&2/)$_*& VC'N]



0LR3
TQ3AU
_0



M+VL_;)M=W694S?7NOJQO[HOM]:/XB.93U;]9\Z7:;%A5BU]:()1$(8PS/V-!
MYA.*\R09C








X#LK.BH9OKLSG4/,\FR
M $(/)3'!





M'S?L39\C.9P%[RF36A#FQUD:()Q#'


M_


STRH)!I]3+%E?*


QC/L9H)9.)R
MT


M1G
ME7PZ5&+?IMB AP


V^+F_*
M/W8YM^7W11P1XK




U;
**R.GODM&15KA?= %_*N[48
M8KO[5#R4BR#.4
JX8^
HCA(_@9 %PS!Y!K%



M




$;HJ#'UWS401/_
M*S)APH2*7AS6(8Q_IUG A&$4A6'

MAK
@RC*
:.(S+QO'2B'34Q&5$2;6D3ZN&BF)$H&J6N**.S



Z^)NS*=#\IG

MA:$F.BW10@0MQJNN^7T#CF J'YXP8E=V2V

M)T@Y*TBF1

M;Q@G\V/%TQRJGSZ-XHRHNE



MK757K[G0M*^:








T\$E(


M]


MC6F
MDGCJWB5=C4_Y1J %M]TS_M _XX\]7B?Z^C;K5E75*N$.-_QGJ9_FJBE-_[O2
KY40IIXI.$L P'\;B_E2%?
M:86N-X+CA%&  66'14W2- F3$S#W7)G*54L<?8,X)_KT*C=GU,B,RWEHCZ$-
ME<W9I? FUS-)^[K_UN84-V7]L*!)DL9R+(X]'$6A;X?C</%6&I+Q7@0Q^HR
M8 '\=Q\47OLQXNV\PDQ*F9G(@)&^FPGI4W@]:BH:]=Z#TJ13[NVF
Z:_(L76





JP7W?P[0Z'\_I\-/\RC
M#._L/.[@/:XLWE XDNY+-??1;.<L2

!#
RBV/:Q
M
PT(CC53?DO_@-UI=QH=+]D[7^'80:Z.6ZCYYF('



O/LJE'+_-N0L1

XHA[.(
^HO60\R P]M9:55@9T_79%CU&\U_?LH5X-MPEWUP8KG@JV



T?$-/H(]


^DN%S

 Y2CHQD8_+O1U2J&.

MH

7JG_NB
M%I)S?7N[7I9?'XME=\




M @)G^WR.2%5JT'8HEJGK3\ZN8GE?@EBM*K\=AE6*_9
SK5GSM\*X9.E?AI.3




]#U2S9(GWE

@89_F]J*WZ- 1RK_-@DCSN\O0BR :5

D&JE-9J$V69Y'6C6G<C0;



MP$DE1HW*
S4:1SZ91_7&E7'5)//:D;KF3[C8E7=5_71]*UZB&7YBU7:B2BAA




M/JTM_%$ @S5@

G@ND65:HU]$
ME@MP+K='_0)

M75WR0+2KQ


(/7U5LB?@=S;L:.R/2T=;3M\''MVQ0CF$:0PCS'.(AKGC(Q 4A9
M)UL,\L//:3M!OTN@[]8WB)PXQ*7.[TRWKALV?^C1-M!APZ:2]'%G8&ZI7M=

M/Z:I]V5/






M6WG7-MA#=Z(:^OBSI\&=,O%3CP*[9.PB&)

L0T
U55J


]R)]TQE^B6?%C-L'2^]
Z$VL=0PI]9G

4H\QL.%CYB?









[F?_QT
RON?OI'
?LC_SKZY9=UHY]6


MEL


\NNTK.G1)$W7CU^RK([F#C3L






M;C2;1E=B_CZ;K?:T0V/;]7U7XZG)S0/-NAI=/?[M;]7:V&('Q8\LT]DTN\D7






M?*R/_CTE+$2=WWW.OK9#J:



_=+3ZKE-
6\7E]VN^^!%GUL-?I




;B




T)9

]G\L((0$\]IX(:&BT$'H
MG*;*4\*T1Y+]:W5KP
9B8.I[6 2[WJ27TZC


!UHN

.+I=!QZJWZ #/_KS$
MQBOUVWR:O8GN^7[OLKV?8@:38Q!B*$X?:W#7HER4S:FP;
Q
-CYH!VU3-J


D.-TCOH!
VO'!
6X2\]RE_[O2C\\Q\

M-*?DIJ-@A6*0^8BUU%P(%.UZ5Z%N9:W]^?4PLC.NG
;)TY0P
$J^F49?
9G?




P 1(I: 5A2E4H

J/--\L
&&+ :.G5/5
LPJ=M:
@B7NR5H;)V];8&C#WUEDA


M/EQ.\CB


MI(F)-
 3_(Y-I/X4
232IF=A'H2I85^=UF5PBD&%-*&&4R0B6%962SXD[N*V

8AA!H*BS2H7'=FF^RD TQ]Z]3H:Q7ITZ_?



7JTO[
M*+=57&VU[J7GKV;SQ8?L9CD?37R6O1_EU[L84[N#P#4P A'$I(I&&G%.$U1*


68^!B?^++.

6K*\OE1F7E
MA=5







M]DR;X[)-M

M$IKC*B


M:J0OYW


]:7:WVP2OF/?846
V+





Z0?D?DV3@S9)

MBDG4R#SM?XL?-2+]=;L(2FKF ))1;(ZP7MU(J!PO$DVPP#-DDZ/C#K_ RL


*U+]:XN_M)
M\2/+-B]TOH1C#X$.M@TR73!! BB-M39Q(DIJ2IF9I$U*)AZ]W_6\*K7%IK9!





8YIKV&EF-;KJU::M'DP&Z 3_IU3JC6D.YSB=H\7GGP
5E=O-
2V201]@*&G#FC6.L;G
]2/
M #UA$P8(4G7D:T

M..OQ[V9?5

0AZ)XA)
IYJ\  PI(F/\!Y+DG0):K?O0'P(55O.^63 W!
M/1N)WLSGR^


=ETBET$86[%FC5.A!5GKHFP(O&7@R^/UE=_S?Y7SSH&&1


M1M\WKV#J;)K=[




M6V6T[^
L@C/ZOID8/F*[78 M4.TA9J-^@V.$ *84PU((387!3)18Q?]HXB;5
EQHQO7
MQ]^?_7/M^UTIJ2^B1LQFJ<Z*S=;_?(32YK),C=!5_4X]UAZJ @E<;(RXA@7

MDT[5HR70!2D.\JXQ[N=C7/GHW'YK=&^[@!$%PCE-08BBDL=8Y6L$#?QE@89
M.CH+QTX'_(Q;[^J^X*9HW_J1B.GCJ&''I8\H;\ '&:4$V
0)9A*0Z2IS!+%

+;)
MOCS ^Z)GW95;U
/Y6+J[P/M1W-S=376:.$HMQ0(RIDUE/$24A[?K/H
AG9



E' 5;1
75WWA)





S-%LQ


32F1+3#_Q3.4%\
[4XQYR#HD_F63[-4_B*J



6


]_#RFF\ 8=\AH J+)SCV5E
'JF
/ 1N4^!GC\
MU$F@OD.\S\N\&L=%^QL&#Q!&A*MK8,IA0 _AFT;W1+;8#Y[3VRZT2$S\RG
MN#[/9C_B4GSP-=0Z[0/&5$CIM/4P;A)
:^0J&P-0U&L5U_O5=(\
FTZY5A;
M=*C'LD: 7Q;9G!)2.HT


X[H0D%=1+@C!A=W2Z63G
M[ ;J_JZ!1=BS^2(].KSWPM?#9T$:;Z5$U$D#N1
\NN#EI-'IDEN?&V(/I&E;
MOR_N=9T




MB6&OG+/*:J*==E&%SL+SK4K5^#\=J#OZ]
. (NF]

MDPRO5[LNU-;RB_? &T#;6^Y'.1:Z+2,%=-5W/Q[OB]796^[ ($BW#!+&5&
M1]R\P:6LT;V\



MSF
-H)=
&D8K9#%N8CL/\#9CR^SJ.7^R@XLHOC9M1O-IM&=GQ^DU?8&01A


3!8LUM GT&SVP5UIU?+1?SQ6B:KAK6
M




6#FUO+6^B9T^0%^O5_IUJ8@STW-U
M Z$E=N[N*Q +@./1CG'1[0%:QEE;AI]X:[7!Z\OGIRMZ6$82^?1;ZX?WUOP
M*IK23)MD7FN #215

D!K%^MJ&(_LZF'KV_L^-8Y-/HN[NYR<9[BIOL/<5J
MY1=*B?I (UJ



M7*WCIR&9(P (X:BQF%

WWOM4:.0_E? 8=Z?BSE

MG  N6K]$.&U=:LI;2RS0M-Z!QP=V8:C23;_D'W-ILOLMZ*XGN\OH;;M\Q=


M=:#8

OEY'@T^[





HET!-9:(&U+M G%K



U4(Q5G0Z+#U3Q $[Q+L
Q-O
UN.294_

MYP\S#]%L'7\Y3\.R%RGBT D@!P2KCU$$!%B










+K-O:SS2NJ-%0-ICYXB'%A-54$EANX :11
M2'6 0;$VMZ=V$.V3,8<3^.IECSUJ& STC$B9SJ0<59AI9*OYP4BC_3'+SN=

MU-
F=G1]'ZO'J]1M4ZU+M(?%O


U^


I@%:26PX]3Z5%!!5

M0:#C'Q+O_-RMES7K2$S/?!EF#U%VQ=L=LP@PH(1 6$G#@52E7V_326
#S@RP
MGFQGG&D'WI

M1?([78U:1?@\V;.IYN?\8]36Z/IJ^O?1+$]3Y$-TAF'M=-K=700(%$/ :F-

I/?*/SQ0'%R7NW

ML:A)EN[QSZ]=#AV[ /\\EIW?F_[SXML &$V!7V20$3@%?!2AE;6*5)/'0(Z/




MFQ\ZH#NZHZ =Q%9 Q+UO8/6%?98
(WN\NM4CNZ[!/OTH9?
ZS
- YO_(


-7HX)**T45W
H2U$':J]Z G_

MNVDU0[@W-BV?5F+/L_F1EU=J]A! ]%R $
X0X!#%0D%45HQW@C0Z$!Z:S=X=
MPSK!^H%KYWLV
'.JA+*;]SJ=0NB



MTDHZM( 7^_1NZZQ^G0@R/[LRZ 5\MA!:;F'U'B@-/2E3 +Q)A&)0;HO/6A_
MY])PN+]151?(O










_D8)2KJ;\$BHHW+


M'HGV.7/\J@59_]C


M4JEH*1N!^
*6OQ9T_.*%QN:HOF3
*W=


K/+?&8BBIHX*X:JFD
M4C:IMS# #:@5K==CTDGX]GU;R7V_SZ;SK/9EI2??!\B
!
H2#HU#S&@!B:I

MZ^:G@W(

M


MS.[B?YS

MY(E@NNDB7_QX



KK=08HGWP0G

MIA^ST;R89M=OYO/EUI3@@VT]0)@ 2G05$% )'&T#,X9YNE!?\98IWMX-HE

9GIUN


*057A$7??1J^;/(LT8G:'^&^.?I6/9S

M
M?S(=?):]G9)J0R+(YHX$CT@Z%G2$M8RAG9VNOQ=A_E9)LKO.@&VO/
U7
_






\Q(/)!H=T![OPA91L:^+D=W?6;ZO1C^1JR'=.;5
M3=8:5DP[/Q4E913B#F&!%A$/9:J1

LD]
@]
MK0%W]Y/B1Y;I;)K=Y(OWD]'T?M 6DBSZ7S-J.GUAVR1KSVUH^XC']%+

QA

S9/V8OKNS;[;.G8< :$*!%_$F+
MO1
*0Z\K7'BCN_0#NC;;
V/: _QDRNQ8#=_/LJ]YL9Q/?OAB=I/EB^QZV^X^


_Q;OKU1
M=XA*.[.]:(KYXJ$RZ_$6X=/VP6OHK.*6B:D@]1STK9
6Y4EF] MX\'8/
U
MPOU\


ZC# _
M]1Z:[\11/21B*2I_I*(IBL!A+L21VK

MGV7_7&;3\8\#CW/6:!VBJT22PV0DL
YJ:A53I=P(\B8I^T


^PM5;_


Z5!U:46$3D+]41:8D@=9;$EJ#OG89O

M6.P4ILH)A(&' -O29C4(RB9G^@/

M[AG5#ECCI:GD-:C)NC5D?@W!*VA!'[WS[^EE]O5=\GE]+V!/\]6S8EY*ZZS4






MT

@!7D\;D#-S!NV=?'.I&O3^L:Y-\0-/9Y_2


ZH)


M;NGK$K*: 4=DK=(.'4M;8\L_ZIK5






)JW&RDUA$TB



A30

M_/+C$ UI1;!Q1 )OH=;&V'*6*AY-[
L*Y/7.IB9@#V0C?;RPUXD?G])=X-!C
M3[UWB&/MB

M2XESFE5[!S6Z2=6H ;[SW4]PI@/@3R[X]#YB43%C:_9[/QE]'T.M]Z[V'/
MUP%2P%WRM!R6D&LI :EL%2)

MCS]


IZ5
$II^

M7*U 1V^RUEDH]C4+2'J! %.4 \V
HC1N_J6T'.F+NYW7@MY?I

MU?_;G[W.8T0H00I *KB.)JSV6E)##4

]^W


MF([S2;[6\1%!U\8_$C@ QEH $1!6 
 A3-E

GJG]--1







M(OKN_J.[8I#W'L


M/GUZZ$]*\VXT=F9^I]!25'^^MP+7P;;!*2J]X@R!-*N]A

ML.\'LH9+U9

M..8D8Q))+ C5V








(XRK43!A^WL3]TJW!H=#5AK;CVGQG
MVWHAKL-%

# W1
 6JQ
MC&*BHX)UWM5V &=9UPDFN


P_%FKXV&&D=-D(:H2#!@ /J


M]_U#E(]=9/
^E:AZ?_


(.XDK2@EF

9@


1:Z+4!P *-K!/(\FJU
*\EU=D6^3#5

':)<<N6T

'<]2/O--P:=KY1IKK 03%B&,
M3.75TVC)Y\!MDO&-#N'6+ZG'A=X?Q?KJRV)Y76Z.%;P^.39$$P 1HCT7QD

MM1
AI



MDGH8 7^WV$8:U =\J^5X$OY^?;M8EO^]+W^]W*SNRNNJN-:')RM\?Q-]Q
7R




A

MG'DF

C2$UT\/!X$H0\(CEZZ
M


ML6D8W52U JE;@*0R,5B4WQ9W5V_N?^Z7GU[#)R/IJP.-BMIH(Y.C@V&4DZQ
M!EAPK( R@DO\F! N7)FQ%O?!^=^GG(YYS4!:JBPIH!I;+U1E'@-*VI8[&9V
M
;!#=/SBI/=&](FIA;$CQ/UJ!ZZ!Y%8Y;!6P

M57P^$7)I^HJ #5/&


.4?ULLR71B)$_?EW^FG

M07 C*3*$QK_9Z%'6-9JF/B9]3'I535U1N6AT/2OXDMY=== &?W\8-#,:(H$
M5ZE\+M2,$4OJZ DR.=&D1:]Z!



;QLF?'A@5AHM-CC&#*
R$TQ(#40BQTLZ8
G
M'4-9GD_EB66@C)Q+VV\HJ6M^?(0
=$=+3Z-SMKXDR#_(A9$.FXLY26D_
MLJ(80\9SK(5-O74@HYJ :N66^9Q6;)=D)IV/A


M/CIJT3R 5&FZKYJ)'


TTH YA5]%%1J(;4*T

MB]#??_J7QFGR9[PO1.!:@:AG3AA
$:;4X(H^$&05PYB@^](=7 ZFS/='_.%.


44E @C3A@GVB!;TP#
K5U@






M6F?T''U=T$XC2#A')HJAE$8+4QU[

NC




5]MJ/]
M-4BMK.-,@2DX,0Y#2I3AM%HVKP.][$7,/;(AW$3S=\MUNOXOF_%G-/*%68,
M4J95-P9SJ#RU@HHO 0@


898HS(Y&/#@?WDOO]ZH2'





 &F
E)TJW1LX?BTV<4#V1U;HA
M8DZ-XXA2(@V' J,*30..U3-'S?X[!?4+ Y RD=4_B2Z@TX+JCQF BO*.#(



MBI$Q)%I8TG%0!Q

P3F7BJ:*@W.YN.J.?H-AH5PVP\+3YP*._TGA@7?8$T2Y
M5PS6:X$FIQ3
%W2+K00;^AL/ I
F-G1WVZ*I:+=;DZ85&\^'PZT(@+4P[(

I
I)!9Q@[]5AK8LN*#X8FO93_.=R\[6X*F_*XOID+.[@F*8
MQM9R"RW40 )9J8./F4Y=M

O6:7=4'5HY/C5NKA:; Z?
QT?$(RP

M+9X!I FVAIY$#E9;X@]H-Z_6Y?;[[K2^V&S?_[6
C/E2?OU0K%.'J
5MH;^G




1?:E!N_B^





8@IY84_XW


24:882.WH7+4FA[*N:

M6)Y9FO'@F


ME2

LF:O2EX&
DI
MM
0(6$89U917-[0\US:K -%K/V[HCNZ=FV4[V_#-\M]?RJLO]8[]Q^)[
B7+
[%=%B<Y*

MS0KJGT?/H=#21;%0C23U2ABGL ;2Q#\-?%P9 !:HF5U3&G8CZX#@PVU90Q8+






EI3*6:88LH3*QA3E (GXSJE
4;$W5[.#$N3!U
MH/O(^
UICJ/OJWWKG^L5YM-


<$
M:B9HQ?2 G_Z(G:%\OD5:K-;?_U@L%[<[NU\MK]]OOQ3K.,_-CXF^6:;-HTP





4=3FN

C*
MV9[Q)*IM= S(#H@^S/6%3\5MLF
^P)2E_*M


^0
R$9;]@7QO!UW5AV2L#63/SS\N:F.XXYS


M5\ 
BHJ1:&FY!-4*$9Z;/9'+YI.H:475H7#S_FN1 AK+V\J*.GGE^
((!)
MZ9

M
.R(JNTS;7U.7M@$DP\'=8V[)_\$@/=AO;HIMV]7FR9%F
YZ3]!*&^H=B%)(
M.8B. O&ZIH6V

BI*

JC[GAXJB;=)

MK;KN ' 265ET'L.5^L=J=;V)%OS)$.3A00':N%%3&N72:
ZX
1S5Y+. YW26

M=6PGM:5K^XIBC^C] =Z?IO3^)DUJIR6/!)O;O2A$+]8A2ECT1X%' DCH:@V+


MQ-6&L]HPG?7&@ V(RM2E.+A$

(=\OYK-
M^YL7]*7^GO[TD5RK]3F0/.-M@2$6::&BF@0
%#PU@DM4\J8T)0IAK#8
M<YF!R.\QK]X=HW\CV6_T@A!ABRQEOH<9(<EY3P!
RLYL

MR/C8-VR[%G6&D;&2:48=M)PB;AC41'L5-:^  (XGZGJQ_

MS^W-P]VOL5WSL$Y$/8:Y[PG .2,]I1;P;QS1$LM244+J[):Q$[0NP!6WV2

OBT!5J;2ES!N

Q4I@86
MKI$?- N











*
MY
E3@7


6NBG8:!N7
NC]U@H4


+MJ+I;[:%





@)P^_7OU\7-CXOB

MVHW&3%


HJ_O(ZS@RZ(G4PT5T=VTF/Q97J]NX




MR
85$Z^QIAYH86J?FCF3U5'L=43[^Z'T4$A[6]PN[L[$UL$Q(1JPSD#G
6&0






CG]3P#=*4.XIVE+7

MQ8

MFX?[Q]]E;4'M/Q0X9D8@)2$S6GCM)%:^HB8%=&9U$D87AA%X-H($/%G.Q]7=


M3['%O[_N$JL_K]*OWC]L-]O%
A4@&
$?/G=207
'K4A':IAJCH!.A:0K+@DQ

:WIN9/5!)9)3&F
MA^N6J/KE
N_HC!BLQNT/8V^WHM-M#@^

B0U0XPS'%BHHYF#5+4&X-G



MQ;@FF.HTOGV10?RA873287]FOG..&)940

H%XQPEDM%%#
;(-IQ\@#:&A%
MP=:WEG8G&F]V=7K+;T6:0WP&'-Q3HY)9;V,-! +@2#5D'L@=T



H(**N0MO?
D'EM@$
R


=7?)INUAO
*N4814:9Z#=BAT0=


YA'5\PMKU^S]$T= C
2PW\7*01;7*MOQ7IQ6]3E
M5/VB7.\JJ4XF


0G&DK@'X1=/E:X$D\;IHJ
MX)P)!J:@)$HKHD1T$SG'V(#:#U-9O3CFE''P:J2_1_!
.1S=1I(G


W\U]C8?/_WS
M=#7-8^
T=%

NUD

(^^79@!R+$HHX




-!#R1FQD:8LJAR&YN:)C(;#KN[9
MY+-P4&$X5J+N4

'6V=W_HW M5





M_3
=_K6K&M]+EYK1L%*RPE@$IMK&'$



7!
LLQ@(C:3%AJ5PK



N#IX1 7*JLD


F;QI=&:KN#[LHS.G$)@


ML[-N0M8854


:LH
M0T)*#D#-X4CC'&&9HD4U+S')9^B@QW5O-IN'GX]J'K-%GGA'=7&9H[;4V2\+
G;]U4=/PBU?U[XQ



M%+N;13:J4Q$

9VZ:/8#@DL1PFFVB(O\1]@2I01CD%MK.(5K9F.7=/YV2[

H HBV&IG:RN:4Y+7KGE!O;+3Y[/\ [CZN7
0%2U0^O+T76GNB4D62MX0RP]P;
M1R4%7EI (EC4#UWG1$ZA@!F& Z<I:_WP^E)D[;$WXV/(\['T[RK]ZHD.M#4










#$V
M
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4       B'!*


#$V
3(S
5]C86PN


38Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX

M) 
 8G)E=RTR
#$V
3(S



