

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000892222-18-000031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180307
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000892222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				911141254
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26542
		FILM NUMBER:		18673334
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 NORTH RUSSELL
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97227
		BUSINESS PHONE:		503-331-7270
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 NORTH RUSSELL
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97227
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CRAFT BREWERS ALLIANCE
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080701
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REDHOOK ALE BREWERY
 INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080626
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REDHOOK ALE BREWERY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950703












		


WASHINGTON
December&#160;31
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Portland
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. (See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221;
If an emerging growth company
June&#160;30
&#32;(based upon the closing price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock
 as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market
$212
304
March&#160;1
19
309
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
This annual report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements. Generally
 the words &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8221;may
&#8221; &#8220;plan&#8221; and similar expressions or their negatives identify forward-looking statements
 which generally are not historical in nature. These statements are based upon assumptions and projections that we believe are reasonable
 but are by their nature inherently uncertain. Many possible events or factors could affect our future financial results and performance
 and could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed
 including those risks and uncertainties described in &#8220;Item 1A. - Risk Factors&#8221; and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
In this report
 we rely on and refer to information regarding industry data obtained from market research
 publicly available information
 industry publications
 U.S. government sources or other third parties. Although we believe that the third-party sources of information we use are materially complete
 accurate and reliable
 there is no assurance of the accuracy
Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (CBA) is the sixth largest craft brewing company in the U.S. and a leader in brewing
 branding
Our distinctive portfolio combines the power of Kona Brewing Company
 a fast-growing national craft beer brand
 with strong regional craft breweries and innovative lifestyle brands
 Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
 Omission Brewing Co.
 Redhook Brewery
 Square Mile Cider Co.
 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 and Wynwood Brewing Co. We nurture the growth and development of our brands in today&#8217;s increasingly competitive beer market through our state-of-the-art brewing and distribution capability
 integrated sales and marketing infrastructure
 and strong focus on partnerships
CBA was formed in 2008 through the merger of Redhook Brewery and Widmer Brothers Brewing
 the two largest craft brewing pioneers in the Northwest at the time. Following a successful strategic brewing and distribution partnership
 Kona Brewing Co. joined CBA in 2010 and has become one of the top craft brands in the U.S. As part of CBA
 Kona has expanded its reach across all 50 U.S. states and approximately 30 international markets
As the craft beer market continues to grow and consumers increasingly demand more local offerings
 Craft Brew Alliance has expanded its portfolio of brands and maximized its brewing footprint through strategic partnerships with emerging craft beer brands in targeted markets. From 2015 to 2016
 we formed strategic partnerships with Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 based in Boone
 North Carolina; Cisco Brewers
 based in Nantucket
 Massachusetts; and Wynwood Brewing Co.
 based in the heart of Miami&#8217;s vibrant multicultural arts district. Through these strategic partnerships
 we gain local relevance in select beer geographies
Publicly traded on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol BREW
 Craft Brew Alliance is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon and operates breweries and brewpubs across the U.S. For more information about CBA and its brands
We proudly brew and package our craft beers in three company-owned production breweries located in Portland
 Oregon; Portsmouth
 New Hampshire; and Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii.  In 2017
 we completed the process of transitioning CBA brewing volume out of a partner brewery in Memphis
 as part of a previous alternating proprietorship brewing arrangement
 into Anheuser-Busch&#8217;s Fort Collins Colorado
 brewery to leverage a contract brewing agreement with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;)
 executed in 2016. Additionally
 we own and operate three innovation breweries in Portland
 Oregon; Seattle
 Washington; and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire
We distribute our beers to retailers through wholesalers that are aligned with the A-B network. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B
 which extends through 2028. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers would own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. As increased competition puts increasing pressure on craft brands outside of their home markets
 we continued ongoing work to stabilize and strengthen Widmer Brothers and Redhook in the Pacific Northwest. We have also expanded distribution of Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
 and Wynwood Brewing Co. across their respective home markets of North Carolina
 New England
Separate from our A-B wholesalers
 we maintain an internal independent sales and marketing organization with resources across the key functions of brand management
 field marketing
 field sales
We operate in two segments: Beer Related operations and Brewpubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing
 and domestic and international sales
 of craft beers and ciders from our breweries. Brewpubs operations include our five brewpubs
 three of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations
 other merchandise sales
We are one of the top six brewers in the craft brewing segment of the U.S. brewing industry. The domestic beer market includes ales and lagers produced by large domestic brewers
 international brewers and craft brewers. As the overall domestic market experienced a decrease in shipments of 
 the craft beer segment began to show signs of a slowdown. Shipments of craft beer in the U.S. are estimated by industry sources to have increased by only 
. Of total beer shipped in the U.S.
&#32;million barrels
 respectively
 were shipped in the U.S. by the craft beer segment during 
 while total beer sold in the U.S.
 including imported beer
&#32;million barrels
 respectively. Compared with the other segments of the U.S. brewing industry
 craft brewing is a relative newcomer. Twenty years ago
 Redhook and Widmer Brothers Brewery were two of the approximately 200 craft breweries in operation. By the end of 
6
. Industry sources estimate that craft beer produced by regional and national craft brewers
 similar to us
 accounts for approximately two-thirds of total craft beer sales
Our comprehensive portfolio and national scale provide a competitive advantage in today&#8217;s market environment
 which includes craft brewers
 domestic specialty beers
 and imports. Our distinctive brand portfolio is positioned to address significant changes in consumer trends
 including increased demand for innovative flavors and styles
 a growing interest in sustainability
 and the increasing importance of local relevance. As an example
 Kona Brewing is one of the most distinctive craft brewers
 with a broad portfolio of beers that reflect a uniquely Hawaiian flavor profile
 a recognized track record in sustainable business practices
At Craft Brew Alliance
Continue to focus on strengthening the topline
&#32;driving our Kona Plus portfolio strategy
 supporting our strong regional craft brands in their home markets
Strengthening the core health of our business
Actualizing the future
through leveraging CBA&#8217;s enhanced partnership agreements with Anheuser-Busch to drive growth
 value and cost savings
&#32;with rich stories that are rooted in their local communities
 including Widmer Brothers
 Redhook Brewery
 and Kona Brewing Company
Cider Company
 as well as strong regional craft partners Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
&#32;that allows us to get our beers to market faster
 fresher and more efficiently. We have significant flexibility to fully leverage the specific strengths of our distinct breweries and operations. Additionally
 we guarantee the quality and consistency of all of our products through fine-tuned processes designed to ensure that everything
 from brewing to quality-assurance to warehousing and distribution
 meets our high standards. We believe that maximizing production under our direct supervision and through accomplished and expert partners is critical to our success. Further
 we believe that our ability to engage in ongoing product innovation while controlling product quality provides critical competitive advantages. Each of our breweries is modern
 has flexible production capabilities
 and is designed to produce beer in smaller batches compared to the national domestic brewers
&#32;through robust partnerships with leading retailers. We leverage our national sales and marketing capabilities and complementary brand families to create a unique identity in the distribution channel and with the consumer. Our sales force calls on all retail channels nationally
 including grocery
 drug and convenience stores
&#32;through the Anheuser-Busch wholesaler network alliance. This distribution footprint provides efficiencies in logistics and product delivery
 state reporting and licensing
 billing and collections. We have realized these efficiencies while maintaining full autonomy over the production
&#32;with extensive experience in the beer and beverage industries. The team has a proven ability to manage brand lifecycles
 from development to turnaround
Our portfolio includes our owned brands
 Kona Brewing Company
 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Redhook Brewery
 Omission Beer and Square Mile Cider Company
 along with partner brands Appalachian Mountain Brewery
We produce a variety of specialty craft beers and ciders using traditional brewing methods complemented by American innovation and invention. We brew our beers using high-quality hops
 malted barley
 wheat
 rye and other natural traditional and nontraditional ingredients. To craft our ciders
Kona Brewing Company was started in Kailua-Kona on the Island of Hawaii in the spring of 1994 by father and son team Cameron Healy and Spoon Khalsa
 who had a dream to create fresh
 local island brews made with spirit
Today
 Kona is Hawaii&#8217;s largest and favorite craft brewery
 known for top-selling flagship beers Longboard Island Lager and Big Wave Golden Ale and award-winning innovative small-batch beers available across the Islands. The Hawaii born and Hawaii-based craft brewery prides itself on brewing the freshest beer of exceptional quality closest to market. This helps to minimize its carbon footprint by reducing shipping of raw materials
Kona Brewing Company has become one of the top craft beer brands in the world
 while remaining steadfastly committed to its home market through a strong focus on innovation
Widmer Brothers Brewing was founded in 1984 in Portland
 Ore. Brothers Kurt and Rob Widmer
 with help from their dad
 Ray
 helped lead the Pacific Northwest craft beer movement when they began brewing unique interpretations of traditional German beer styles. In 1986
 Widmer Brothers Brewing introduced the original American-style Hefeweizen
 which elevated the brewery to national acclaim. Since then
 Hefe has grown to become Oregon&#8217;s favorite craft beer and the brewery has continued to push the boundaries
 developing beers with an unapologetic
The brewery currently brews a variety of award-winning beers including Hefe
 Upheaval IPA
 Drop Top Amber Ale
 a full seasonal lineup
 and the new Portland Pub Series
 which includes Russell Street IPA
 PDX Pils
Redhook was born out of the entrepreneurial spirit of&#160;early&#160;1980s in the heart of Seattle. While the term didn&#8217;t exist at the time
 Redhook became one of America&#8217;s first craft breweries with its focus on creating a better beer. From a modest start in a former transmission shop in the Seattle neighborhood of&#160;Ballard
&#160;to a Fremont trolley barn that housed The Trolleyman brewpub
 to its current breweries in Seattle
 Wash.
 and Portsmouth
 N.H.
Redhook opened Brewlab
Redhook&#8217;s beer lineup includes Big Ballard IPA
 Bicoastal IPA
 ESB
 Long Hammer IPA and a variety of seasonal beers
 including My Oh My Caramel Macchiato Milk Stout
 Tangelic Halo Tangerine IPA
 Winterhook
Founded in 2012
 Omission Brewing Co. is the first craft beer brand in the U.S. focused exclusively on brewing great-tasting beers with traditional beer ingredients
 including malted barley
 that are specially crafted to remove gluten. Each batch of Omission Beer is tested independently using the R5 competitive ELISA test to ensure that it contains gluten levels below the U.S. FDA gluten-free standard of 20ppm or less. Omission&#8217;s line up of beers is the most awarded within the gluten reduced segment
 and includes Omission Lager
 Omission Pale Ale
 Omission IPA and
 most recently
Launched in 2013
 Square Mile Cider is the hard cider for the modern day pioneers celebrating the spirit of the Pacific Northwest. We set out to reinvigorate an enduringly classic American beverage with a blend of hand-selected apples combined with unique Northwest ingredients. Square Mile Cider produces two varieties of hard cider
 The Original and Spur &amp; Vine
Nestled in the High Country of North Carolina
 Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 LLC
 is Boone
 NC&#8217;s Beer Pioneer. The brewery is dedicated to making seriously delicious craft beer while focusing its business model on community
 sustainability and philanthropy. Their 501(c)3 We Can So You Can and Pints for Non-Profits programs support local organizations that are dedicated to enriching the land
 water
 air and people of the High Country. Appalachian Mountain Brewery has earned numerous awards for its innovative craft beers and ciders
 including Boone Creek Blonde Ale
 which won a Gold Medal at the U.S. Open Beer Championships in 2015 and a Gold Medal at the 2017 Great American Beer Festival Competition. The brewery&#8217;s core portfolio also includes Long Leaf IPA
 Spoaty Oaty Pale Ale
 and Porter
Located near Cisco Beach on the island of Nantucket
 Cisco Brewers is Nantucket&#8217;s first craft brewery. Founded by hard-working
 entrepreneurial islanders who began selling beer from their outdoor brewery in 1995
 Cisco has carved out its own special place on Nantucket where they tough out the winters to celebrate the summers. Over the years they&#8217;ve attracted a cult following with visitors to the island and open the door to anyone willing to make the trek. Named a top travel destination by Time Magazine
 Huffington Post and Travel &amp; Leisure
 Cisco&#8217;s brewery is a common ground where people from all walks of life connect over classic and approachable craft beers like Whale&#8217;s Tale Pale Ale
 Grey Lady Ale
 Indie IPA
Wynwood Brewing Company is Miami&#8217;s first craft production. Family owned and operated
 Wynwood is committed to bringing fresh
 delicious
 and creative beers to thirsty South Floridians and tourists alike. They operate a 15-barrel brewhouse and taproom in the heart of the Wynwood Art District and distribute a variety of year-round
 seasonal and limited beer offerings throughout South Florida
In 2017
 Kona Brewing Co. continued to capitalize on the IPA craft trend with the national launch of its Island-inspired
 tropical flavored
 Hanalei Island IPA
As with all of Kona&#8217;s beers
 Hanalei Island IPA is named for a specific place in Hawaii
 Hanalei Bay in Kauai
 and evokes the spirit of Hawaii with distinctive local ingredients. Brewed with Hawaii&#8217;s beloved POG (pineapple
 orange and guava) juice
 Hanalei Island IPA is a coppery
 laidback
 session-style ale with tropical flavors and just 4.5% alcohol by volume (ABV). 2017 represented the eighth consecutive year of double-digit growth for Kona
 including its flagships Big Wave
 which grew depletions by 23% over 2016
 and Longboard Lager
In 2017
 Widmer Brothers increased its focus behind the brewery&#8217;s flagship Hefe
 which is  the best-selling craft beer in Oregon
 with the launch of a new Hefe varietal series. The series included three varieties of Hefe
 Hopfruit
 Hefe Berry Lime
 and Hefe Twisted Citrus. Over the summer of 2017
 Widmer Brothers also brought back its 100 Days of Hefe event series
Building on the success of its new 10-barrel innovation brewery that opened in 2016
 Widmer Brothers opened a beer garden adjacent to its brewpub in North Portland
 where guests could enjoy the latest small-batch and experimental beers while looking out across to Portland&#8217;s west hills.  In March 2017
 Widmer Brothers added PDX Pils to its year-round portfolio of award-winning packaged beer
 making the hoppy Pilsner available in six packs and on draft throughout Oregon and Washington. And
 in the summer of 2017
 Widmer Brothers brought back a long-time fan favorite
 Drifter Pale Ale
As part of its ongoing commitment to support its hometown
 Widmer Brothers launched Pints for Portland in 2017
 a new program that builds on the brewery&#8217;s more than 30 years of local community giving. Each month
In 2017
 Redhook completed a major milestone by launching a new innovation brewery and pub in the heart of the city where it was born.&#160; Redhook&#8217;s Brewlab is located in the historic Pike Motorworks building in the vibrant Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle
 WA. For the Brewlab launch in summer 2017
 Redhook debuted 16 different collaboration beers created by Innovation Brewer Nick Crandall in partnership with Pacific Northwest craft breweries
In 2017
 Redhook introduced the first beer from our limited release series
 Bicoastal IPA
 a full bodied IPA with Tropical Citra
 Chinook
 Eureka
 Mosaic and Azacca hops. Redhook also released Big Ballard Imperial IPA
 a bold
 cult classic IPA with 8.6% ABV. A long-time pub favorite
 Big Ballard launched in 6-packs to huge success
 and became the #1 new local craft beer in Washington in 2017. Additionally
 we released a new Hoppy Hook Pack
 featuring Long Hammer IPA
 Big Ballard Imperial IPA
 American Pale Ale
 and Bicoastal IPA. Redhook also launched Purple and Gold Long Hammer IPA
Omission Beer remains the market leader in the gluten-removed beer category. In early 2017
 Omission added a new national beer to its portfolio
 which includes Omission IPA
 Omission Lager
 &#160;and Omission Pale Ale. With only 5 carbs and 99 calories
 Omission&#8217;s new gluten-removed Ultimate Light Golden Ale addresses the consumer trend towards healthier options that fit with an active lifestyle. Omission launched new packaging in 2017
 featuring a bold bright design
 and rolled out its newest brand
 Ultimate Light
 in 12oz cans in four US test markets
 Austin
 Boston
 Denver
In 2017
 Square Mile Cider Company continued to focus on distribution in 12 states. The brand
 which finds its inspiration from the pioneering spirit of the original Oregon pioneers
 continues to offer two year-round varieties: The Original
 a classic American hard cider; and Spur &amp; Vine
 a hopped version of the classic American hard cider
 with the addition of Citra and Galaxy hops. In 2017
 we released a new seasonal
 Ros&#233; Cider
December&#160;31
 2017
855
. Our Oregon Brewery is our largest capacity production brewery
 which has an annual capacity of 630
000 barrels. At the end of 2017
 we completed several phases of an expansion to increase capacity and flexibility
 while also driving higher efficiency as part of our commitment to sustainability.&#160;In 2017
. Our New Hampshire Brewery utilizes a 100-barrel brewing system
 with an annual capacity of 215
000 barrels
. Our Hawaiian Brewery utilizes a 25-barrel brewing system
 with an annual capacity of 10
000 barrels
 and a 229-kilowatt photovoltaic solar energy generating system to supply approximately 50 percent of its energy requirements through renewable energy. In 2017
 we continued to make progress on construction of a new 100
000-barrel brewery near our existing brewery and pub in Kona. The new brewery
 which is being built with best-in-class sustainability and innovation
. In 2017
 we built a new 10-barrel small-batch innovation brewery for Redhook in Seattle. The heart of the new brewery is a High Efficiency Brewing System that uses a mash filter press
 allowing us to use significantly less water and energy than a typical brewery. The brewery&#8217;s flexibility enables Redhook to produce hundreds of different beer recipes&#160;that can be tested in the pub and scaled for larger production based on popularity. Our Portland 10-barrel innovation brewery and New Hampshire 3-barrel&#160;innovation brewery continued to focus on producing limited-release
In addition to our owned brewing capacity
 we transitioned production volume into A-B&#8217;s Fort Collins
 Colo. brewery as part of a brewing agreement with ABCS. This partnership
 which began in 2016
 allows us to produce up to 300
We package our craft beers in cans
 bottles and kegs. All of our production breweries
 with the exception of the Hawaiian Brewery
 have fully automated bottling and keg lines and our Portsmouth brewery added a can line in 2017. The bottle fillers at all of the breweries utilize a carbon dioxide environment during bottling
 ensuring that minimal oxygen is dissolved in the beer and extending the beer&#8217;s shelf life. Additionally
 we implemented a CO
&#32;for packaging. We offer an assortment of packages to highlight the unique characteristics of each of our beers and to provide greater opportunities for customers to drink our beers in more locations and at more events and occasions
 matching the active lifestyles and preferences of our consumers. Additionally
 in our Portland Widmer Brothers brewpub
 Hawaii brewpub and Seattle brewpub
We monitor production and quality control at all of our breweries
 with central coordination at the Oregon Brewery. All of the breweries have an on-site laboratory where microbiologists and lab technicians supervise on-site yeast propagation
 monitor product quality
 test products
 measure color and bitterness
 and test for oxidation and unwanted bacteria. We also regularly utilize outside laboratories for independent product analysis. In addition
We currently purchase a significant portion of our malted barley from two suppliers and our premium-quality select hops
 mostly grown in the Pacific Northwest
 from competitive sources. We also periodically purchase small lots of hops from international sources
 such as New Zealand and Western Europe
 which we use to achieve a special hop character in certain beers. In order to ensure the supply of the hop varieties used in our products
 we enter into supply contracts for our hop requirements. We believe that comparable quality malted barley and hops are available from alternate sources at competitive prices
 although there can be no assurance that pricing would be consistent with our current arrangements. We currently cultivate our own yeast supply for certain strains and maintain a separate
 secure supply in-house. We have access to multiple competitive sources for packaging materials
 such as labels
 six-pack carriers
 crowns
 cans and shipping cases.
17
&#32;barrels under contract brewing arrangements
26
36
We own and operate five brew-pub restaurants and retail stores that support consumer awareness and research and development. Our five brewpub restaurants allow us to interact directly with over 1.5 million consumers annually in our home markets
 which creates a sense of brand loyalty. Our brewers are continually experimenting with different varieties of hops and malts in all styles of beer
With limited exceptions
 all brewers in the United States are required to sell their beers to independent wholesalers
 who then sell the beers to retailers. We are the only independent craft brewer in the U.S. to have established a wholly-aligned distribution network through our partnership with A-B. This partnership provides us national distribution
 which results in both an effective distribution presence in each market and administrative efficiencies. Our beers are available for sale directly to consumers in draft
 cans and bottles at restaurants
 bars and liquor stores
 as well as in cans and bottles at supermarkets
 warehouse clubs
We distribute in all 50 states
 pursuant to a master distributor agreement with A-B that allows us access to A-B&#8217;s national distribution network. For additional information regarding our relationship with A-B
Relationship with Anheuser-Busch
&#8221; below. Management believes that our competitors in the craft beer segment generally negotiate distribution relationships separately with wholesalers in each locality and
 as a result
 typically distribute through a variety of wholesalers representing differing national beer brands with uncoordinated territorial boundaries.
654
693
&#32;barrels
 respectively
 to the wholesalers in A-B&#8217;s distribution network
 accounting for 
 respectively
In addition to leveraging our owned brewpubs and retail locations
 we promote our products through a national sales and marketing network that includes
 but is not limited to
 i) creating and executing a range of advertising programs; ii) training and educating wholesalers and retailers about our products; and iii) promoting our name
 product offerings
 brands
 and experimental beers at local festivals
We advertise and promote our products through an assortment of media
 including television
 radio
 billboard
 print and social media
 including Facebook
 Twitter and Instagram
 in key markets and by participating in cooperative programs with our wholesalers. We believe that the financial commitment by the distributor helps align the distributor&#8217;s interests with ours
Our breweries also play a significant role in increasing consumer awareness of our products and enhancing our image as a craft brewer. Thousands of visitors take tours at our breweries each year and all of our production breweries have a retail restaurant or pub where our products are served. In addition
 several of the breweries have meeting space that the public can rent for business meetings
 parties and holiday events
 and that we use to entertain and educate wholesalers
 retailers and the media about our products. At our brewpubs
 we sell various items of apparel and other merchandise bearing our trademarks
 which creates further awareness of our beers and reinforces our brand image. To further promote retail canned and bottled product sales
 and in response to local competitive conditions
Relationship with Anheuser-Busch
As a significant element of our business operations
 we have entered into various contractual relationships with A-B as described in more detail below. With regard to agreements with A-B or one of its affiliates that provide for the payment of fees or other compensation in exchange for products or services
 due to the related party nature of the agreements
The Master A-B Distributor Agreement (the A-B Distributor Agreement)
 as amended in August 2016
 provides for the distribution of our brands
 as well as those of AMB
 Cisco
 and Wynwood
 in all states
 territories and possessions of the United States
 including the District of Columbia and
 except with respect to Kona beers
 all U.S. military
 diplomatic
 and governmental installations in a U.S. territory or possession. Under the A-B Distributor Agreement
 we have granted A-B the right of first refusal to distribute our products
 including any internally developed new products
 but excluding new products that we may acquire. We are responsible for marketing our products to A-B&#8217;s wholesalers
As amended in August 2016
 the term of the A-B Distributor Agreement will expire on December 31
 2028. The A-B Distributor Agreement is also subject to immediate termination
 by either party
 upon the occurrence of standard events of default as defined in the agreement.  Additionally
 the A-B Distributor Agreement may be terminated by A-B
 with six months&#8217; prior written notice to us
any A-B competitor or affiliate thereof acquires 10% or more of our outstanding equity securities
our current chief executive officer ceases to function in that role or is terminated
 and a satisfactory successor
 in A&#8209;B&#8217;s opinion
A-B
 its subsidiaries
 affiliates
 or parent
 incur any obligation or expense as a result of a claim asserted against them by or in our name
 or by our affiliates or shareholders
A-B also has the right to deliver a revocation notice and reinstitute the terms of the A-B Distributor Agreement as they existed prior to August 23
 2016
 following a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed. A &#8220;change of control event&#8221; includes
 with certain exceptions
 (i) the acquisition by a person or group of beneficial ownership on a fully diluted basis of 50% or more of our equity securities (or the equity securities of the surviving entity in any merger
 consolidation
 share exchange or other business combination involving us)
 (ii) a change in the composition of our board of directors during any consecutive 12-month period such that the incumbent directors cease to constitute at least a majority of the board of directors
 or (iii) the completion of a sale
 lease
 exchange
 or other transfer of (A) the Kona brand or (B) 50% or more of our assets based on fair market value. A-B would have a similar revocation right upon the earliest to occur of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; by A-B
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing A&#8209;B&#8217;s qualifying offer
 and (z) our failure to enter into a definitive transaction agreement with A-B within 120 days following receipt of A-B&#8217;s qualifying offer
A &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; means an offer or proposal on customary terms and conditions
 with certain exceptions
 made by A-B (or one of its affiliates) for the acquisition of all of our outstanding  common stock not owned by A-B or its affiliates
 for an aggregate value  (subject to adjustment for changes in capitalization) of (a) until August 23
 2017
 at least $22.00 per share
 (b) from August 24
 2017 through August 23
 2018
 at least $23.25 per share
 and (c) beginning August 24
 2018
On August 23
 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement (the &#8220;International Distribution Agreement&#8221;) with Anheuser-Busch Worldwide Investments
 LLC (&#8220;ABWI&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABWI will be the sole and exclusive distributor of our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
 and certain other limitations
 in each case as set forth in the International Distribution Agreement. Under the International Distribution Agreement
 following delivery of notice to us
Under the terms of the International Distribution Agreement
 with respect to our exported products produced by us
 ABWI will pay us our costs of production plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses relating to export shipment costs. Additionally
 ABWI will pay us an international royalty fee based on volume of our products sold by ABWI
 equal to either $40 per barrel or $30 per barrel
depending on certain factors described in the International Distribution Agreement
 which royalty fee will be subject to escalation annually
 beginning in calendar year 2018
 on the terms described in the International Distribution Agreement. In addition
 for calendar year 2016
 2017 and 2018
 ABWI has paid or will pay us one-time fees of $3.0 million
 $5.0 million and $6.0 million
 respectively. The sum of the fees is recognized in Beer Related Net sales on a straight-line basis over the 10-year contract term
The International Distribution Agreement contains specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the International Distribution Agreement if (a) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the International Distribution Agreement
 subject to certain cure rights or (b) the Brewing Agreement (as defined below) is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof. In addition
 ABWI has the right to terminate the International Distribution Agreement upon 90 days&#8217; prior written notice to us following (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; (as defined above) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; (as defined above)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
 and (z) our failure to enter into a definitive transaction agreement within 120 days following receipt of a qualifying offer
 with certain exceptions (each of the foregoing subclauses (x) through (z)
 a &#8220;qualifying offer lapse&#8221;). Following termination of the International Distribution Agreement due to a qualifying offer lapse
 or any change of control event
 ABWI shall have the right to purchase the international distribution rights for each of our brands then being distributed under the International Distribution Agreement at the fair market value of such rights
 and on otherwise customary terms and conditions
Under the International Distribution Agreement
 ABWI will also be required to make a one-time $20.0 million payment to us on August 23
 2019. The payment is being recognized in Beer Related Net sales on a straight-line basis over the 10-year contract term. However
 ABWI will not (subject to compliance with certain notice requirements) be obligated to make such one-time payment if
 prior to that date
 (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; occurs or a definitive agreement for a transaction constituting a change of control event is entered into
 (ii) ABWI (or an affiliate thereof) makes a qualifying offer and there is a qualifying offer lapse or (iii) we enter into a definitive agreement with ABWI (or an affiliate thereof) with respect to a qualifying offer but such agreement is subsequently terminated
 other than for certain regulatory reasons (in which case the $20.0 million shall remain payable). Unless terminated sooner
 the International Distribution Agreement will continue in effect until December 31
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement (the &#8220;Brewing Agreement&#8221;) with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABCS will brew
 bottle and package up to 300
000 barrels of our mutually agreed products annually
 in facilities owned by ABCS within the United States
 for an initial term through December 31
 2026. Production of CBA's products in ABCS&#8217;s brewery in Fort Collins
 Colorado
 began in the second quarter of 2017. We share equally with ABCS in any cost savings arising from the Brewing Agreement
 provided that our cost savings will equal at least $10.00 per barrel on an aggregate basis
 following certain adjustments as set forth in the Brewing Agreement. The Brewing Agreement provides specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the Brewing Agreement if (i) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the Brewing Agreement
 subject to certain cure rights
 (ii) the International Distribution Agreement (as defined above) is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof
 or (iii) subject to certain conditions
In addition
 ABCS has the right to terminate the Brewing Agreement
 upon 90 days&#8217; prior written notice to us
 following (i) a change of control event (as defined above) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest to occur of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; (as defined above)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
 and (z) our failure to enter into a definitive transaction agreement within 120 days following receipt of a qualifying offer
On January 30
 2018
 we also entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement with Anheuser-Busch Companies
 LLC (&#8220;ABC&#8221;)
 another A-B affiliate
 pursuant to which we will brew
 package
 and palletize certain malt beverage products of A-B's craft breweries at our Portland
 Oregon
 and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire breweries
 as selected by ABC. Under the terms of this agreement
 ABC will pay us a per barrel fee that varies based on the annual volume of the specified product brewed by us
 plus (a) our actual incremental costs of brewing the product
 and (b) certain capital costs and costs of graphics and labeling that we incur in connection with the brewed products. The agreement will expire on December 31
 2018
 unless the arrangement is extended at the mutual agreement of the parties. The agreement also contains specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate it if (i) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the agreement or any other agreement between the parties
 subject to certain cure rights
We have also entered into an Amended and Restated Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement (the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;) with A-B
6
069
047
 or approximately 
December&#160;31
The Exchange Agreement entitles A-B to designate two members of our board of directors. A-B also generally has the right to have a designee on each committee of the board of directors
 except where prohibited by law or stock exchange requirements
 or with respect to a committee formed to evaluate transactions or proposed transactions between A-B and us. The Exchange Agreement contains limitations on our ability to take certain actions without A-B&#8217;s prior consent
 including
 but not limited to
 our ability to issue equity securities or acquire or sell assets or stock
 amend our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws
 grant board representation rights
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates
 distribute our products in the United States other than through A-B or as provided in the A-B Distributor Agreement
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into an amendment to the Exchange Agreement with A-B providing it with rights
 following a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; or a &#8220;qualifying offer
We pay fees to A-B in connection with the sale of our products
 including margin fees
 invoicing
 staging and cooperage handling fees
 and inventory manager fees. In addition
 our contract brewing arrangements call for the payment of fees to the respective brewing partner
See Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
On January 8
 2016
 we entered into brewing agreements  (the brewing agreements) with Pabst Northwest Brewing Company (Pabst)
 a subsidiary of Pabst Brewing Company
 under which Pabst had the ability to brew selected Rainier Brewing Company and other brands at our brewery in Woodinville
 Washington under a license agreement and was required to pay us contract brewing volume shortfall fees in each of 2016 and 2017 stemming from brewing volumes below committed levels. In conjunction with the brewing agreements
 we also granted Pabst an option to purchase the Woodinville brewery and adjacent pub
 as well as related assets
Effective May&#160;1
 2017
We deferred recognition of the termination payment in our financial statements until the fourth quarter of 2017 due to our potential obligation to pay Pabst up to $2.7 million if the Woodinville brewery was sold to a specified party
 which did not occur. Of the $2.7 million
 $1.7 million was recorded in Sales and $1.0 million was recorded in Selling
Our sales generally reflect a degree of seasonality
 with the first and fourth quarters historically exhibiting low sales levels compared to the second and third quarters. Accordingly
We compete in the craft brewing market
 as well as in the much larger alcoholic beverage market
 which encompasses domestic and imported beers
 flavored alcohol beverages
 spirits
In 2017
 the craft brewing industry continued to experience unprecedented change and competition
 characterized by three trends: 1) the growing number and popularity of new local craft breweries that captured market share from established craft breweries
 2) continued acquisition and investment activity between craft brewers
 large domestic and foreign brewers
 and private equity firms
 and 3) continued competitive pressure from international brewers
 such as Crown
 which target both domestic and craft beer drinkers. In 2017
 according to industry sources
U.S.
 excluding imports. In addition
Competition varies by regional market. Depending on the local market preferences and distribution
 we have encountered strong competition from microbreweries
 regional specialty brewers and several national craft brewers that include MillerCoors&#8217; Tenth and Blake Beer Company division (&#8220;Tenth and Blake&#8221;)
 Constellation Brands
 and A-B&#8217;s High End division. A-B&#8217;s High End division includes Goose Island
 Blue Point Brewing
 10 Barrel Brewing Company
 Elysian
 Golden Road
 Shock Top
 Karbach Brewing  and others. Because of the large number of participants and offerings in this segment
 along with the accelerating consumer preference for local offerings
 the competition for packaged product placements and especially draft beer placements has intensified. Although certain of these competitors distribute their products nationally and may have greater financial and other resources than we have
 we believe that we possess certain competitive advantages. Our unique portfolio strategy combines strong national lifestyle brands with distinctive regional craft brands
 supported by the scale and specialization of our production breweries
 strategically distributed sales and marketing resources
We also compete against imported brands
 such as Heineken
 Stella Artois
 Corona Extra and Guinness
 which typically have significantly greater financial resources than we have. Although imported beers currently account for a greater share of the U.S. beer market than craft beers
 we believe that craft brewers possess certain competitive advantages over some importers
 including lower transportation costs
 no importation costs
 proximity to and familiarity with local consumers
 a higher degree of product freshness
In response to the growth of the craft beer segment
 the major domestic national brewers have invested in purchasing small craft breweries. The major national brewers
 including Tenth and Blake through MillerCoors
 and A-B High End brands through A-B
In the past several years
 several major distilled spirits producers and national brewers have introduced flavored alcohol beverages. Products such as the Bud Light Rita family
 Smirnoff Ice
 the hard soda category
 and Mike&#8217;s Hard Lemonade have captured sizable market share in the higher-priced end of the malt beverage industry. We believe sales of these products
 along with strong growth in the imported and craft beer segments of the malt beverage industry
Competition for consumers of craft beers also comes from wine and spirits
 which reflects today&#8217;s millennial consumers who typically drink across three alcoholic beverage categories in a single drinking occasion. Growth in this segment appears to be attributable to competitive pricing
 television advertising
 increased merchandising and greater consumer interest in local wine and craft spirits. Recently
 the wine industry has been aided
 on a limited basis
 by its ability to sell outside of the three-tier system
 allowing sales to be made directly to consumers. While the craft beer segment competes with wine and spirits
 it also benefits from many of the same advantages enjoyed by wine and spirit producers
A significant portion of our sales continues to be in the Pacific Northwest and in California
 which we believe are among the most competitive craft beer markets in the U.S.
 both in terms of number of participants and consumer awareness. We believe that these areas offer significant competition for our products
 not only from other craft brewers but also from the growing wine market and from flavored alcohol beverages. Additionally
 we are monitoring the impact of cannabis as more states legalize marijuana for retail sales. Our recent marketing efforts have been focused on promoting the national relevance of Kona as a leading lifestyle brand
 the authenticity of our pioneering owned brands and the creativity of our partner brands
See Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
Our business is highly regulated at federal
 state and local levels. Various permits
 licenses and approvals necessary for our brewery and pub operations and the sale of alcoholic beverages are required from a number of agencies
 including the U.S. Treasury Department
 the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#8220;TTB&#8221;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 state alcohol regulatory agencies
 and state and local health
 sanitation
 safety
 fire and environmental agencies. In addition
The FDA issued a proposed rule in November 2015 on the use of &#8220;gluten-free&#8221; labeling for fermented and hydrolyzed foods and beverages that may affect our ability to market our Omission Beer as &#8220;crafted to reduce gluten.&#8221; The proposed rule is under review by the Office of Management and Budget and is now expected to become final in late 2018
We operate our breweries under federal licensing requirements imposed by the TTB. The TTB requires the filing of a &#8220;Brewer&#8217;s Notice&#8221; upon the establishment of a commercial brewery and the filing of an amended Brewer&#8217;s Notice whenever there is a material change in the brewing or warehousing locations
 brewing or packaging equipment
 brewery ownership
Management believes that we have all of the licenses
The U.S. federal government has levied an excise tax of $18 per barrel on beer sold for consumption in the United States; however
 brewers
 such as us
 that produce less than two million barrels annually have been taxed at $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels shipped
 with shipments above this amount taxed at the normal rate. Certain states also levy excise taxes on alcoholic beverages but are usually paid by the wholesaler. We pay excise taxes in states where we produce (Hawaii
 Oregon
 Washington
In January 2017
 the Craft Beverage Modernization and Tax Reform Act was introduced in both the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives. In December 2017
 this act was modified and included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 which was signed into law and will provide small and regional brewers and small wineries significant excise tax relief effective January 1
Beer: Reduced the federal excise tax to $3.50 per barrel on the first 60
Cider: While the existing excise tax on hard cider did not change from $0.226 per gallon
 the new laws expanded the small producer tax credit for hard cider to $0.062 on the first 30
000 gallons for an effective rate of $0.164 per gallon; the tax credit on the next 100
000 gallons produced will be $0.056 for an effective rate of $0.17 per gallon; and producers like us who produce between 130
000 and 750
Currently
 the changes in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are set to expire at the end of 2019. However
 the Beer Institute
 of which we are a member
 and other industry groups support extending the relief embodied in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and making federal excise tax relief for all brewers and beer importers permanent.&#160;Excise taxes may be increased in the future by the federal government or any state government or both. In the past
Our brewing operations are subject to environmental regulations and local permitting requirements and agreements regarding
 among other things
 air emissions
 water discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes. While we have no reason to believe the operation of our breweries violates any such regulation or requirement
 if such a violation were to occur
 or if environmental regulations were to become more stringent in the future
The serving of alcoholic beverages to a person known to be intoxicated may
 under certain circumstances
The Kona Brewing Co.
 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Redhook
 and Omission marks and certain other marks are also registered in various foreign countries. We regard our Kona Brewing Co.
 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Redhook
 Omission
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;people
&#32;employees in the brewpubs and retail stores
&#32;employees in production
Our Internet address is www.craftbrew.com. There we make available
 free of charge
 our annual report on Form 10&#8209;K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements and any amendments to those reports
If we are unable to gauge trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner
The costs and management attention involved in maintaining an innovative brand portfolio have been
 and are expected to continue to be
 significant. If we have not gauged consumer preferences correctly
 or are unable to maintain consistently high quality beers as we develop new brands
 our overall brand image may be damaged. If this were to occur
 our future sales
 results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. Also
We compete in the highly competitive craft beer market
 as well as in the much larger specialty beer category
 which includes the imported beer segment and fuller-flavored beers offered by major brewers. We face increasing competition from producers of wine
 spirits and flavored alcohol beverages offered by the larger brewers and spirit producers. We are also monitoring the impact of cannabis as more states legalize marijuana for retail sale. Increased competition could adversely affect our future sales and results of operations. See Competition in Part I
We rely on computer information systems to conduct our business. We have policies and procedures in place to protect against and reduce the occurrence of failures
 interruptions
 or breaches of security of these systems. However
 there can be no assurances that these policies and procedures will eliminate the occurrence of failures
 interruptions or breaches of security or that they will adequately restore our systems or minimize any such events. The occurrence of a failure
 interruption or breach of security of our computer information systems could result in loss of intellectual property
 delays in our production
 loss of critical information
 or other events
We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our business
 including sensitive and personally identifiable information. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss
 inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us
 our employees
 or our customers
including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of hacking
 fraud
 trickery or other forms of deception
 could expose us
 our customers or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. Any such breach
 loss
 or disclosure could result in litigation and potential liability for us
 damage our brand image and reputation
 or otherwise harm our business. In addition
 our current data protection measures might not protect us against increasingly sophisticated and aggressive threats
Consumer demand for luxury or perceived luxury goods
 including craft beer
 can be sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions
 job losses and unemployment or underemployment
 perceived or actual declines in disposable consumer income and wealth
 and changes in consumer confidence in the economy
 could significantly reduce customer demand for craft beer in general
 and the products we offer specifically. Furthermore
 our consumers may choose to replace our products with the fuller-flavored national brands or other more affordable
 although lower quality
If consumers become unwilling to accept our products or if general consumer trends cause a decrease in the demand for beer
 including craft beer
 our sales and results of operations would be adversely affected. There is no assurance that the craft brewing segment will experience growth in future periods. If the markets for wine
 spirits or flavored alcohol beverages continue to grow
 this could draw consumers away from the beer industry in general and our products specifically. Further
 the alcoholic beverage industry has become the subject of considerable societal and political attention in recent years due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including drunk driving
 underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. In reaction to these concerns
 steps may be taken to restrict advertising by beer producers
 to impose additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements
 or  to increase excise or other taxes on beer. Any such developments may have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition
CBA launched Omission beer in May 2012 as the first brand of craft beer to be brewed in the United States using conventional beer ingredients (including malted barley
 a gluten-containing grain) and &#8220;crafted to remove gluten.&#8221; Omission beers are brewed similarly to other craft beers except that
 at the point of fermentation
Omission beers are subject to regulation by the Department of Treasury&#8217;s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#8220;TTB&#8221;)
 but as a result of overlapping jurisdictions of the FDA and TTB
 the role each agency plays in the regulation of fermented alcohol beverages
 and the commitments the two agencies have made to work together to establish consistent gluten labeling policies for comparable alcohol beverage products
 the above referenced FDA notice of proposed rulemaking has far-reaching implications for fermented alcohol beverages
 like Omission Beer
 that are subject to regulation by both the FDA and TTB. In accordance with the TTB&#8217;s premarket approval requirements
 the TTB approved Omission labeling
 including its gluten-related claims
If the FDA's proposed rule becomes final as written
 the TTB&#8217;s policy may be superseded
 which would have a significant impact on our ability to market and sell our Omission beers as &#8220;crafted to remove gluten&#8221; and negatively impact our operating results. The proposed rule is under review by the Office of Management and Budget and is now expected to become final in late 2018
We may identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future
 which
 if not remediated
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting
 as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to accounting for complex revenue transactions for the year ended December 31
 2016. As discussed in Item 9A
 the material weakness has been remediated as of December 31
 2017. However
 additional material weaknesses in our internal control environment may be identified in the future
 which could result in material misstatements in our financial statement and a loss of investor confidence in the integrity of our financial reporting and other public disclosures
Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of our products. We have rigorous product safety and quality standards which we expect our breweries and our brewing partners to meet. However
 we cannot assure you that
 despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality
 we will always meet these standards. If we
 or our brewing partners
 fail to comply with applicable product safety and quality standards and our products on the market are
 or become
 contaminated or adulterated
 we may be required to conduct costly product recalls and may become subject to product liability claims and negative publicity
We have a continuing relationship with Anheuser-Busch
Most of our products are sold and distributed through A-B&#8217;s distribution network. If the A-B Distributor Agreement were terminated
 we would be faced with a number of operational tasks
 including establishing and maintaining direct contracts with the existing wholesaler network or negotiating agreements with replacement wholesalers on an individual basis
 and enhancing our credit evaluation
 billing and accounts receivable processes. Such an undertaking would require significant effort and substantial time to complete
Although substantially all of our products are sold and distributed through A-B
 we continue to rely heavily on wholesalers
 many of which are independent
Any disruption in the ability of the wholesalers
 A-B
 or us to distribute products efficiently due to any significant operational problems
 such as widespread labor union strikes or the loss of a major wholesaler as a customer
 could hinder our ability to get our products to retailers and could have a material adverse impact on our sales
 results of operations and cash flows. A-B has been purchasing distributors in states where it is legally permissible
 which could impact our distribution if the A-B relationship were to end.  During 
We intend to reinvest cost savings in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our sales and marketing infrastructure
 including increased spending to support our Kona brand.  Also
 beginning January 1
 2019
 we will reinvest an additional $0.25 per case-equivalent in our sales and marketing efforts for our products.  While we seek to design effective advertising and promotions to support our brands
The Exchange Agreement requires us to obtain A-B's consent prior to undertaking certain activities and investments. For example
 we must obtain A-B's consent before acquiring another brewer if the purchase price exceeds $30 million or purchasing a non-brewing entity if the purchase price exceeds $2 million. If A-B opposes strategic or financial investments proposed by our management
&#32;of our outstanding common stock
 making A-B our largest shareholder. In addition
 under the Exchange Agreement
 A-B may designate two nominees to our board of directors. These directors also participate on our audit
 compensation
 and nominating and governance committees as non-voting observers
 and one of these directors participates on our strategic planning committee as a voting member. As a result
 A-B has an influential voice in deliberations of the board of directors and shareholders. A-B and its affiliates also have the right to terminate our contract brewing arrangements and to rescind certain amendments to our other contracts with them upon the occurrence of certain events. See &#8220;Relationship with Anheuser-Busch
Expansion of our Kona brewery may be subject to various risks
 including cost overruns
 construction delays
 and inability to fully utilize additional production capacity
During 2015
 we held a ground-breaking ceremony on the site of  a new
 state-of-the-art brewing facility in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii
 with an annual production capacity of 100
000 barrels at a total estimated cost of approximately $20 million.&#160;As with all projects of this magnitude
 there is the potential risk of significant cost overruns
 which could require us to increase our borrowing under our revolving credit facility or to find additional financing.&#160;We may also experience unforeseen construction delays
 which could result in our inability to bring the new Kona brewery into production as scheduled
and financial condition.&#160;In addition
 if we do not achieve sufficient growth in product sales to absorb the increased production capacity
 we may be unable to realize our goals for gross margin improvement
We expect to continue to make strategic investments in improvements aimed at increasing the efficiency
 capabilities and capacity of our breweries
 improving our ordering and logistics systems
As of December&#160;31
 
855
&#32;barrels. Due to many factors
 including seasonality and production schedules of various draft products and bottled products and packages
 actual production capacity will rarely
 if ever
 approach full working capacity. We believe that capacity utilization of the breweries will fluctuate throughout the year
 and even though we expect that capacity of our breweries will be efficiently utilized during periods when our sales are strongest
 there likely will be periods when the capacity utilization will be lower. If we experience contraction in our sales and brewing volumes
 the resulting excess capacity and unabsorbed overhead will have an adverse effect on our gross margins
 operating cash flows and overall financial performance. We periodically evaluate whether we expect to recover the costs of our production breweries over the course of their useful lives. If facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these long-lived assets may be impaired
 an evaluation of recoverability will be performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows along with other quantitative and qualitative analyses. If we determine that the carrying value of such assets does not appear to be recoverable
 we will recognize an impairment loss by a charge against current operations
Our sales are concentrated in the Pacific Northwest
&#32;were concentrated in Washington
 Oregon
 California and Hawaii and
 consequently
 our future sales may be adversely affected by changes in economic and business conditions within these states. We also believe the Pacific Northwest and California are among the most competitive craft beer markets in the United States
 both in terms of number of market participants and consumer awareness. The Pacific Northwest and California offer significant competition to our products
 not only from other craft brewers
 but also from the major domestic brewers
Our future success is dependent on the continued service of our senior management and other key employees
 particularly Andrew Thomas
 our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of our senior management and other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Additionally
 the loss of Andrew Thomas as our Chief Executive Officer
 and the failure to find a replacement satisfactory to A-B
We also may be unable to retain existing management
 sales
 marketing
 operational and other support personnel critical to our success
 which could result in harm to significant customer relationships
 loss of key information
 expertise or know-how
Future gross margin may fluctuate and even decline as a result of many factors
 including: product pricing levels; sales mix between draft and packaged product sales and within the various bottled product packages; level of fixed and semi-variable operating costs; level of production at our breweries in relation to current production capacity; availability and prices of raw materials
 production inputs such as energy
We may be subject to various types of litigation
 including fair trade practice
 product liability
 and employment-related claims.  Such litigation may be time consuming
 distracting and costly
 and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.  See Note 17
 Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found in Part II
 Item 8 of this report
Our ability to obtain key ingredients for our products
 including hops and malt
 is dependent on a number of factors
 including competition from other brewers
 weather
We purchase most of our raw materials from U.S. brokers
 many of which rely on foreign sources
 particularly for malt.  As a result
 prices for these ingredients may be affected by foreign currency fluctuations.  Also
craft beer products increases
 the demand for new hop varietals has grown
 and many breweries enter into multi-year contracts with growers.  Adverse weather events may also reduce the supply of certain ingredients
 many of which are grown in a limited number of geographic regions.  There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain certain of our ingredients in a timely fashion to meet consumer demand
 and our gross margin may be adversely affected if we are required to pay higher prices to obtain needed ingredients that are in high demand.  Such factors may also result in lower sales of our products
We may experience higher packaging costs and shipping costs
Many of our packaging materials
 particularly glass
 are obtained from a single source.  Although we believe alternative suppliers of packaging materials
 including bottles
 cans
 carriers and labels
 are available
 a number of factors
 including consolidation in the packaging industry and competition from other manufacturers in need of packaging materials
 may result in supply shortages or higher prices
 which could adversely affect our financial results.  We have also seen recent increases in shipping costs for our products.  While we are seeking to manage those costs through more efficient management of brewery operations and logistics
 we may not be successful.  We also may not be able to pass along increased costs through higher prices for our products
We are self-insured with respect to health care expenses for our employees. During 2015
 we experienced higher than average medical expense claims
 which increased our Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#160;If we experience higher costs in the future
Our results are highly dependent on our ability to accurately forecast and execute throughout the entire supply chain
 including sales forecasting
 raw material ordering
 brewing and distribution. The combination of our recent growth and increased brand complexity has increased the operating complexity of our business. We cannot guarantee that we will effectively manage such complexity without experiencing planning failures
 operating inefficiencies
We engage in electronic communications between third parties
 including A-B and our wholesalers
In 2016
 we entered into a contract brewing agreement with ABCS and
 once fully optimized
 anticipate producing up to 300
000 barrels of our beer at this facility annually. If production at this facility should be disrupted due to unforeseen circumstances
 our ability to produce and ship sufficient quantities of our beer to meet demand in certain key geographic markets
 particularly Texas and the southeastern United States
 could be significantly impaired
The U.S. federal government currently levies an excise tax of $18 per barrel on beer sold for consumption in the United States. However
 brewers
 such as us
 that produce less than two million barrels annually
 are now taxed at $3.50 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels shipped
 with the remainder of the shipments taxed at $16 per barrel
 due to the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December 2017.&#160;If the tax cut is not permanently extended
 this new rate is scheduled to return to $7 per barrel for the first 60
000 barrels and $18 per barrel up to two million barrels annually in 2020. The individual states in which we operate also impose excise taxes on beer and other alcohol beverages in varying amounts. Federal and state legislators routinely consider various proposals to impose additional excise taxes on the production of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. Any such increases in excise taxes
 if enacted
 would adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations
Tax liabilities may vary significantly and are subject to change. Among others
 these taxes include income taxes
 property taxes
&#160;indirect &#160;taxes &#160;(excise
 &#160;sales
 use &#160;and &#160;gross receipts &#160;taxes)
 &#160;payroll &#160;taxes
Our business is highly regulated by federal
 state
 and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern all aspects of the production and distribution of beer
 including permitting
 licensing
 trade practices
 labeling
 advertising and marketing
 distributor relationships and various other matters. A variety of federal
 state and local governmental authorities also levy various taxes
 license fees and other similar charges and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations may cause the TTB or any particular state or jurisdiction to revoke its license or permit
 restricting our ability to conduct business
 or result in the imposition of significant fines or penalties. One or more regulatory authorities could determine that we have not complied with applicable licensing or permitting regulations or have not maintained the approvals necessary for us to conduct business within our jurisdiction. If licenses
 permits or approvals necessary for our brewery or pub operations were unavailable or unduly delayed
 or if any permits or licenses that we hold were to be revoked
 or additional permits or licenses were required in the future
 including as a result of expanding our operations
 our ability to conduct business may be disrupted
 which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
The craft beer business is seasonal in nature
Sales of craft beer products are somewhat seasonal
 with the first and fourth quarters historically being lower and the rest of the year generating stronger sales. Our sales volume may also be affected by weather conditions and selling days within a particular period. Therefore
 the results for any given quarter will likely not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. If an adverse event such as a regional economic downturn or poor weather conditions should occur during the second and third quarters
We may be unable to access public or private debt markets to fund our operations and contractual commitments at competitive rates
 on commercially reasonable terms
 or in sufficient amounts
We depend
 in part
 on our revolving line of credit with Bank of America
 N.A. (BofA)
. A number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for debt. These factors include general economic conditions
 disruptions or declines in the global capital markets
 our financial performance or outlook
If our business does not perform as expected
 including if we generate less revenue than anticipated from our operations or encounter significant unexpected costs
 we may fail to comply with the financial covenants under our credit facilities. If we do not comply with our financial covenants and we do not obtain a waiver or amendment
 BofA may elect to cause all amounts owed to become immediately due and payable. Any default may require us to seek additional capital or modifications to our credit facilities
 which may not be available or which may be costly. Any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial position
 results of operations
We have entered into strategic relationships with certain regional brewers
 including Appalachian Mountain Brewery in North Carolina
 Cisco Brewers in Massachusetts
 and Wynwood Brewing Co. in Miami
 Florida. These new relationships have added to the complexity of our operations
 including brewing
 packaging
 marketing and selling their brands
 with increased demands on our management team. There can be no assurance that&#160;we&#160;will be able to take full advantage of these strategic opportunities without&#160;experiencing unexpected costs
Acquisitions subject us to various risks
 including risks relating to selection and pricing of acquisition targets
We have acquired two craft brewers since 2008
 as well as a 24.5% equity interest in Wynwood Brewing Company
 LLC
 in July 2017. We may pursue additional acquisitions or joint venture or investment opportunities. We cannot assure
 however
 that we will be able to identify or take advantage of such opportunities. If we do pursue such transactions
 we may not realize the anticipated benefits. Acquisitions involve many risks
 including risks relating to the assumption of unforeseen liabilities of an acquired business
 adverse accounting charges resulting from the acquisition
 and difficulties in integrating acquired companies into our business
 both from a cultural perspective
 as well as with respect to technological integration. Our inability to successfully integrate acquired businesses or manage joint ventures may lead to increased costs
 failure to generate expected returns
 or even a total loss of amounts invested
We are dependent on certain suppliers for key raw materials
Although we seek to maintain back-up and alternative suppliers for all key raw materials and production inputs
 we are reliant on certain third parties for key raw materials
 packaging materials and utilities. Any disruption in the willingness or ability of these third parties to supply these critical components could hinder our ability to continue production of our products
 which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition
We may be subject to various types of litigation
 including fair trade practice
 product liability
 and employment-related claims.  Such litigation may be time consuming
 distracting and costly
 and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.  See Note 17
 Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found in Part II
 Item 8 of this report
Any change in
 or violation of
Our brewing operations are subject to environmental regulations and local permitting requirements and agreements regarding
 among other things
 air emissions
 water discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes. While we have no reason to believe the operation of our breweries violates any such regulation or requirement
 if such a violation were to occur
 or if environmental regulations were to become more stringent in the future
As noted above
 A&#8209;B has a significant ownership stake in us. In addition
 three of our founders
 together
&#32;million shares
 or 
 of our common stock. Collectively
&#32;of our equity. All of these shares are available for sale in the public market
 subject to volume
 manner of sale and other requirements under the Securities Act of 1933. Such sales in the public market
 or the perception that such sales may occur
We do not intend to pay and are limited in our ability to declare or pay dividends; accordingly
We do not anticipate paying cash dividends. Further
 under our loan agreement with BofA
 we are not permitted to declare or pay a dividend unless we meet certain financial covenants. As a result
The fair value of our intangible assets
 including goodwill
As a result of the acquisition of Kona Brewing Company
 we have recognized a significant increase in our total intangible assets
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;in an assortment of intangible assets
 on a net basis
&#32;of our total assets. If any circumstances were to occur
 such as economic recession or other factors causing a reduction in consumer demand
 or for any other reason we were to experience a significant decrease in sales growth
 with a corresponding negative impact on our estimated cash flows associated with these assets
 our analyses of these assets may conclude that a decrease in the fair value of these assets has occurred. In that event
We own and operate three highly-automated
 small-batch production breweries: the Oregon Brewery
  the New Hampshire Brewery
 and the Hawaiian Brewery
 as well as three small
 innovation brewing systems in Portland
 Oregon
 Seattle
 Washington and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire. We lease the sites upon which the Hawaiian Brewery and Brewpubs
 the New Hampshire Breweries and Brewpub
 the Portland Innovation Brewery
 and Oregon Brewpub are located
 in addition to our office space and warehouse locations in Portland
 Oregon for our corporate
 administrative and sales functions. In 2014
Southern California for our national sales office
 which expires in 2019. In 2015
 we entered into a long-term land lease for the location of our new Kona brewery
 which expires in 2064
 and
 in 2016 we entered into a lease for our new Redhook pub in Seattle
 which expires in 2026. Certain of these leases are with related parties. See Notes 17 and 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
185
125
11
Late in the fourth quarter of 2017
 we completed several phases of an expansion to increase capacity and flexibility of our Oregon brewery which did not materially impact our overall capacity for 2017 and
 in 2016
 we  broke ground on a new 100
000 barrel brewery near our existing brewery and pub in Kona
In 2016
 we entered into a contract brewing agreement with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC with the ability to have up to 300
000 barrels produced annually and
 during the second quarter of 2017
Substantially all of our personal property and fixtures
 as well as the real properties associated with the Oregon Brewery
 secure our loan agreement with BofA. See Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
We are involved
 from time to time
 in claims
 proceedings and litigation arising in the normal course of business. We believe that
 to the extent that any pending or threatened litigation involving us or our properties exists
 such litigation is not likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
See Note 17
 Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found in Part II
 Item 8 of this report
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Stock Market (&#8220;NASDAQ&#8221;) under the trading symbol BREW. The table below sets forth
 for the fiscal quarters indicated
 the reported high and low closing sale prices of our common stock
March&#160;1
We have not declared or paid any dividends during our existence. Under the terms of our loan agreement with BofA
 we are permitted to declare or pay dividends without BofA&#8217;s consent
 subject to limitations. We anticipate that
 for the foreseeable future
 all earnings will be retained for the operation and expansion of our business and that we will not pay cash dividends. The payment of dividends
 if any
 in the future
 will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 future earnings
 capital and operating requirements
 restrictions in future financing agreements
 our general financial condition
Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included in Part III
The following line-graph presentation compares cumulative five-year shareholder returns on an indexed basis
 assuming a $100 initial investment and reinvestment of dividends
 of (a) Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
Craft Brew Alliance
In thousands
Year Ended December 31
207
202
204
200
179
142
142
141
141
128
65
59
62
58
50
Selling
60
59
57
53
46
4
4
5
3
Interest expense and other income (expense)
4
3
5
3
(5
1
2
1
9
2
3
1
19
19
19
19
18
19
19
19
19
19
December 31
2
38
13
8
6
4
209
200
188
176
168
1
1
Long-term debt and capital leases
32
27
18
13
11
14
19
19
18
16
130
119
118
115
111
Net sales in 2017 includes a $1.7 million fee from Pabst
Selling
 general and administrative expenses in 2017 includes a $1.0 million fee from Pabst related to the termination of a purchase option agreement
 as well as
Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (CBA) is the sixth largest craft brewing company in the U.S. and a leader in brewing
 branding
Our distinctive portfolio combines the power of Kona Brewing Company
 a dynamic national craft beer brand
 with  strong regional breweries and innovative lifestyle brands
 including Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
  Omission Brewing Co.
 Redhook Brewery
 Square Mile Cider Co.
 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 and Wynwood Brewing Co. We nurture the growth and development of our brands in today&#8217;s increasingly competitive beer market through our state-of-the-art brewing and distribution capability
 integrated sales and marketing infrastructure
 and strong focus on partnerships
CBA was formed in 2008 through the merger of Redhook Brewery and Widmer Brothers Brewing
 the two largest craft brewing pioneers in the Northwest at the time. Following a successful strategic brewing and distribution partnership
 Kona Brewing Co. joined CBA in 2010 and has become one of the fastest-growing craft brands in the U.S. As part of CBA
 Kona has expanded its reach across all 50 U.S. states and approximately 30 international markets
As the craft beer market continues to grow and consumers increasingly demand local offerings
 Craft Brew Alliance has expanded its portfolio of brands and maximized its brewing footprint through strategic partnerships with regional craft beer brands in targeted markets. In 2015
 we announced strategic partnerships with Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 based in Boone
 North Carolina; and Cisco Brewers
 based in Nantucket
 Massachusetts. Through this strategic partnership model
 we gain local relevance in select beer geographies
 while our partner breweries gain access to our world-class leadership and national brewing and sales infrastructure to grow their brands. In December 2016
 we announced a strategic partnership with Wynwood Brewing Co.
 a fast-growing craft brewery based in the heart of Miami&#8217;s multicultural Wynwood arts district. In the third quarter of 2017
Publicly traded on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol BREW
 Craft Brew Alliance is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon and operates breweries and brewpubs across the U.S. For more information about CBA and its brands
We proudly brew our craft beers in three company-owned breweries located in Portland
 Oregon; Portsmouth
 New Hampshire; and Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. In 2016
 we entered into a contract brewing agreement with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;)
 and
 during the second quarter of 2017
 production began at ABCS&#8217;s brewery in Fort Collins
 Colorado. Additionally
 we own and operate three small innovation breweries 
 which are primarily used for small batch production and experimental limited-release brews that could potentially scale for larger production; these innovation breweries are located in
 Portland
 Oregon
 Seattle
 Washington and Portsmouth
We distribute our beers to retailers through wholesalers that are aligned with the A-B network. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B
 which extends through 2028. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers would own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. Our Kona and Omission brands are distributed nationally and internationally
 while we focus distribution of Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
  Redhook
  Square Mile Cider
We operate in two segments: Beer Related operations and Brewpubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing
 and domestic and international sales
 of craft beers and ciders from our breweries. Brewpubs operations primarily include our five brewpubs
 four of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations
 as well as other merchandise sales
Separate from our A-B wholesalers
 we maintain an internal independent sales and marketing organization with resources across the key functions of brand management
 field marketing
 field sales
748
775
824
See Notes 19 and 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this report for a discussion of the termination of our agreements with Pabst Brewing Company
 LLC
 and Pabst Northwest Brewing Company
 LLC (collectively
 Pabst)
Agreements with Anheuser-Busch
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement (the &#8220;Brewing Agreement&#8221;) with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABCS  has agreed to brew
 bottle and package up to 300
000 barrels of our mutually agreed products annually
 in facilities owned by ABCS within the United States
 for an initial term through December 31
In December 2015
 we partnered with Ambev
 the Brazilian subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA
 to distribute Kona beers in Brazil. On August 23
 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement (the &#8220;International Distribution Agreement&#8221;) with Anheuser-Busch Worldwide Investments
 LLC (&#8220;ABWI&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABWI will be our sole and exclusive distributor of our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
 and certain other limitations
 in each case as set forth in the International Distribution Agreement. Unless terminated sooner
 the International Distribution Agreement will continue in effect until December 31
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into Amendment No. 3 to the A-B Distributor Agreement. Pursuant to Amendment No. 3
 the A-B Distributor Agreement was extended through December 31
 2028 (the &#8220;Term&#8221;). The existing margin fee structure of $0.25 per case-equivalent will apply throughout the Term. Without Amendment No. 3
 beginning on January 1
 2019
 a margin fee of $0.75 per case equivalent would have been payable by us under the A-B Distributor Agreement. Amendment No. 3 also provides that
 beginning on January 1
 2019
 we will reinvest an aggregate amount equal to $0.25 per case equivalent in sales and marketing efforts for our products
On January 30
 2018
 we entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement with Anheuser-Busch Companies
 LLC (&#8220;ABC&#8221;)
A-B affiliate
 pursuant to which we will brew
 package
 and palletize certain malt beverage products of A-B's craft breweries during 2018 at our Portland
 Oregon
 and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire
 breweries as selected by ABC. Under the terms of this agreement
 ABC will pay us a per barrel fee that varies based on the annual volume of the specified product brewed by us
 plus (a) our actual incremental costs of brewing the product
For additional information
 see Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 included in Part II
The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
Year Ended December 31
Selling
Other income (expense)
Net sales
Year Ended December 31
179
27
207
63
1
65
173
28
202
55
3
59
176
27
204
58
3
62
Year Ended December 31
164
167
(3
27
19
8
(12
(13
1
179
173
6
27
28
(1
207
202
4
Year Ended December 31
167
177
(9
19
13
5
(13
(14
1
173
176
(2
28
27
1
202
204
(1
A-B and A-B related includes domestic and international sales of our owned brands sold through A-B and Ambev
 as well as non-owned brands sold pursuant to master distribution agreements
Beer related includes international beer sales not sold through A-B or Ambev
Year Ended December 31
654
693
(39
84
72
12
9
9
748
775
(27
Year Ended December 31
693
753
(60
72
60
12
9
10
775
824
(48
A-B and A-B related includes domestic and international shipments of our owned brands distributed through A-B and Ambev
&#32;was primarily due to a decrease in shipment volume as we continued to reduce our inventory levels at our wholesaler partners as part of our ongoing efforts to address slowing craft segment growth and the on-going inventory pressures facing distributors in today&#8217;s complex craft beer market
&#32;related to our international distribution agreement with ABWI
&#32;was primarily due to a decrease in domestic shipments
 partially offset by increases in unit pricing. A primary cause of the decrease was due to a decrease in domestic shipments of the Redhook and Widmer Brothers brands as we concentrate on their home markets of Washington and Oregon
 respectively
 as well as decreases in shipments of our Omission brand. The decrease was partially offset by the continued successful focus on national distribution of Kona. During the first quarter of 2016
 we closed our largest and most efficient brewery
 located in Portland
 for approximately two weeks as we installed new equipment to further increase capacity and efficiency. This closure resulted in a temporary decrease of shipments across our brands in 2016 compared to 2015. We also experienced increased pressure from wholesalers who wanted to decrease their inventory levels at the end of 2016
 resulting in lower than expected shipment volumes.
 and 
 primarily due to pricing increases and shifts in brand
 package and geographic mix. Price changes implemented by us have generally followed craft beer market pricing trends. During 
  
 we sold 
 
 respectively
. In addition
&#32;was primarily due to contract brewing volume for Cisco Brewers beers
 as well as alternating proprietorship fees earned from Appalachian Mountain Brewing Company for leasing the Portsmouth Brewery
 which began during the first quarter of 2016
 an increase in international shipments of our beers
 which sell at a higher rate per barrel than contract brewing sales
 as we expanded into additional countries
 $1.2 million of fees earned related to the international distribution agreement with ABWI
 and $1.6 million of fees earned from Pabst related to a contract brewing volume shortfall. These increases were partially offset by decreases in our other contract brewing volume.
 primarily as a result of decreased guest counts across our  mainland brewpubs
 partially offset by an increased guest count at our Kona brewpub on the big island of Kailua-Kona in Hawaii and the opening of our newest brewpub
 Redhook Brewlab
 in Seattle
 Washington. Our Woodinville brewpub closed at the end of 2017.
 primarily as a result of higher guest counts at our Kona brewpub on the island of Oahu in Hawaii
 partially offset by decreases in guest counts at our Redhook brewpub in Woodinville
Year Ended December 31
424
397
27
123
148
(24
94
127
(33
44
42
1
44
33
11
730
748
(18
Year Ended December 31
397
352
45
148
175
(27
127
185
(58
42
51
(8
33
22
10
748
787
(38
All other includes the shipments and depletions from our Square Mile and Resignation brand families
 as well as the non-owned Cisco Brewers
 Appalachian Mountain Brewing and Wynwood Brewing brand families
&#32;was due to increases in both in domestic and international shipments
 primarily led by demand for Hanalei Island IPA and Big Wave Golden Ale
&#32;was primarily due to increases in domestic and international shipments
&#32;was led by a decrease in Hefeweizen brand shipments
 primarily due to a continued strategic focus on the home market of Oregon
&#32;was primarily due to a strategic decision to focus on the home market of Oregon
&#32;was primarily due to a continued strategic focus on the home market of Washington
 led by a decline in Longhammer IPA and ESB brand shipments
&#32;was primarily due to a strategic decision to focus on the home market of Washington
&#32;was primarily led by increased demand for our new brand Omission Ultimate Light
 which was introduced in the first quarter of 2017
&#32;was primarily due to an increase in shipment volumes related to our distribution agreements with Wynwood Brewing
&#32;was primarily due to an increase in shipment volumes related to our new distribution agreements with Cisco Brewers and Appalachian Mountain Brewing
The following table sets forth a comparison of our shipments by package
Year Ended December 31
165
171
180
565
577
606
730
748
787
Cost of sales includes purchased raw materials
 direct labor
Year Ended December 31
116
117
(1
25
24
142
142
Year Ended December 31
117
117
24
24
142
141
&#32;was primarily due to a decrease in cost of goods related to lower shipment volume
 efficiency improvements and improved distribution rates on a per barrel basis
&#32;was primarily due to increases in brewery costs and distribution rates per barrel
 partially offset by decreases in shipment volume and component material costs on a per barrel basis. The brewery costs per barrel in 2016 increased as we continued to absorb several key strategic operational enhancements completed during the first quarter of 2016 and were also negatively impacted by the temporary closure of our largest-volume brewery in Portland to implement the enhancements
 which led to a decrease in brewing volume in the first quarter of 2016. 2016 was also negatively impacted by lower capacity utilization at the Woodinville brewery as production volume for owned brands was moved from Woodinville to Portland in anticipation of increased contract brewing volume in Woodinville. Contract brewing volume was lower than anticipated
Early in the fourth quarter of 2016
&#32;primarily due to increases in employee related costs and rent and other startup costs related to our Seattle brewpub
Year Ended December 31
In June 2014
 we initiated full-scale brewing with our brewing partner in Memphis
 Tennessee. This partnership provided us scalable capacity and we had the ability to produce up to 100
000 barrels at this location annually. Production ceased with this  brewing partner during the second quarter of 2017. In 2016
 we entered into a contract brewing agreement with ABCS with the ability to have up to 300
000 barrels produced annually and
 during the second quarter of 2017
 production began in their facilities. Our capacity utilization declined in 2017 compared to 2016 due to reductions in wholesaler inventories
As discussed in Notes 19 and 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this report
 we ceased production at our Woodinville
 Washington brewery during the second quarter of 2017
 which reduced the capacity of our owned breweries beginning in the third quarter of 2017. As a result
 beginning with the third quarter of 2017
 our capacity utilization calculation was revised to exclude
 from the denominator
 the production capacity of our Woodinville
 Washington brewery
 which we estimated to be approximately 220
Year Ended December 31
63
55
7
1
3
(2
65
59
5
Year Ended December 31
55
58
(2
3
3
59
62
(2
Gross profit as a percentage of Net sales
 or gross margin rate
Year Ended December 31
The increases in Beer Related Gross profit and gross margin rate in 2017 compared to 2016 were primarily due to increased unit pricing and higher alternating proprietorship volume
 as well as a $2.2 million increase in the ABWI international distribution fee earned and $1.8 million of additional fees earned from Pabst related to contract brewing volume shortfall and termination fees in 2017 compared to 2016
The decrease in the Beer Related Gross profit in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the increase in brewery costs per barrel at our owned breweries as we temporarily closed our most efficient brewery in Portland
 Oregon in the first quarter of  2016
 higher distribution rates per barrel and a decrease in shipment volume
 partially offset by an increase in unit pricing
 decreased component materials costs
 fees earned from Pabst and ABWI
The decrease in the Beer Related gross margin rate in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to higher brewery and distribution costs per barrel
 partially offset by fees earned from Pabst and ABWI
 as well as improved unit pricing and lower component material costs per barrel. Beer Related gross margin was also negatively impacted by lower capacity utilization at the Woodinville brewery as production volume for owned brands was moved from Woodinville to Portland in anticipation of increased contract brewing volume in Woodinville. Contract brewing volume was lower than anticipated
The decreases in the Brewpubs Gross profit and gross margin rate in 2017 compared to 2016 were primarily due to decreased guest counts
The increases in the Brewpubs Gross profit and gross margin rate in 2016 compared to 2015 were primarily due to higher guest counts at our Kona brewpub on the island of Oahu in Hawaii
 which has a higher revenue per guest than the Redhook and Widmer Brothers brewpubs
 and cost management achievements at both Kona brewpub locations
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) include compensation and related expenses for our sales and marketing activities
 management
Year Ended December 31
60
59
1
Year Ended December 31
59
57
1
The increase in SG&amp;A in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to increased professional fees
 technology related expenses and an impairment charge of $0.5 million related to the sale of our Woodinville Brewery
 partially offset by a $1.0 million contract settlement fee received from Pabst
The increase in SG&amp;A in 2016 compared to 2015
 both in dollars and as a percentage of Net sales
 was primarily due to increases in expense related to brand marketing
 international support and emerging business
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
27
27
18
The increase in Interest expense in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to an increase in our average interest rate
 partially offset by a decrease in our average debt outstanding. The decrease in our average debt outstanding was due to principal payments made on our term loan and a decrease in the average amount outstanding on our line of credit
The increase in Interest expense in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in our average debt outstanding. Our average debt outstanding increased as we have borrowed on our line of credit facility to support our expansion and growth plans
 and to fund our working capital needs. The increase in average debt outstanding was partially offset by the decrease in the average interest rate.
 
 
 respectively. The effective income tax rates reflect the impact of non-deductible expenses (primarily meals and entertainment expenses)
 state and local taxes
 tax credits
In the second quarter of 2017
 we recognized a tax credit of $164
In the fourth quarter of 2017
 we recognized the impact of enacted tax legislation
 which reduced our federal tax rate from 34% to 21% effective January 1
 2018. This reduction resulted in a $6.9 million decrease to our deferred tax liability
 which was recognized as a reduction to our income tax provision in the fourth quarter of 2017
 the period of enactment. Before consideration of the effects of tax reform
 our income tax provision would have been $1.4 million
 for an effective income tax rate of 34.9%. Our accounting for the income tax effects of the new tax legislation is complete
We have required capital primarily for the construction and development of our production breweries
 to support our expansion and growth plans
 and to fund our working capital needs. Historically
 we have financed our capital requirements through cash flows from operations
 bank borrowings and the sale of common and preferred stock. We anticipate meeting our obligations for the twelve months beginning January 1
 
 primarily from cash flows generated from operations
our Woodinville brewery
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2017
Year Ended December 31
16
7
11
(20
(16
(16
3
8
4
542
 net non-cash expenses of 
Accounts receivable
 net
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
 2017
 which was received in January 2018
December&#160;31
 2016
 as well as a change in A-B payment terms from 15 days to 30 days. Historically
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
 2016
 primarily due to decreases in raw materials
 work in progress
 and finished goods as a result of having production begin at ABCS where we do not own the inventory
 as well as ceasing production at our Washington brewery and at our partner brewery in Memphis
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
 2016
 primarily due to the timing of payments for capital projects
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
 2016
December&#160;31
$26
000
 tax-effected;
We anticipate that we will utilize the remaining NOLs and federal credit carry forwards in the near future and
 accordingly
 once utilized
 we will be required to satisfy all of our income tax obligations with cash. The AMT credit carryforward is refundable over the next five years pursuant to recently enacted tax legislation.&#160;As such
 the carryforward is recognized as a tax receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;of expenditures recorded in Accounts payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
December&#160;31
. Beginning in 2015
 we invested approximately $10 million in our Oregon Brewery to expand capacity; the project was completed in the fourth quarter of 2017. Also beginning in 2015 through expected completion in 2019
 we are investing approximately $20 million in a new Hawaiian Brewery. We anticipate capital expenditures of approximately 
We have a loan agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with Bank of America
 N.A.
&#32;revolving line of credit (&#8220;Line of Credit&#8221;)
 including provisions for cash borrowings and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
November&#160;30
September&#160;30
December&#160;31
 2017
As discussed in Note 21 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this report
 we completed the sale of our Woodinville
 Washington brewery on January 12
. We used proceeds from the sale to fully pay down our Line of Credit effective January 26
Under the Loan Agreement
December&#160;31
 2017
Accrued interest for the Term Loan is due and payable monthly. Principal payments on the Term Loan are due monthly in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement
September&#160;30
December&#160;31
9
6
22
22
36
9
3
2
20
2
24
11
8
3
3
1
1
1
99
23
38
8
28
December&#160;31
. We pay interest at the fixed rate and receive interest at the Benchmark Rate
December&#160;31
See Notes 9 and 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this report for additional information.
Our financial statements are based upon the selection and application of significant accounting policies that require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of these policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Our estimates are based upon historical experience
 market trends and financial forecasts and projections
 and upon various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances at various points in time. Actual results may differ
 potentially significantly
We test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis
 or as indicators of impairment are present. We have an option to first assess certain qualitative factors for indications of impairment in order to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative
 two-step impairment test. If we choose not to first perform the qualitative test
 or we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount
Our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions in the qualitative assessment of relevant events and circumstances and to estimate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets
 including estimating future cash flows. These calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and apply judgment to estimate economic factors and the profitability of future business operations and
 if necessary
 the fair value of a reporting unit&#8217;s assets and liabilities. Further
 our ability to realize the future cash flows used in our fair value calculations is affected by changes in such factors as our operating performance
 our business strategies
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to test for impairment losses on goodwill. Based on the results of our annual impairment test for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets
 no impairment was recorded. We believe
 based on our assessment discussed above
 that our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not at risk of impairment. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions or there are significant changes in any of these estimates
 projections or assumptions
 the fair value of these assets in future measurement periods could be materially affected
We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us and are reflected as a component of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 we collect a refundable deposit
 reflected as a current liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. When a wholesaler cannot account for some of our kegs for which it is responsible
 it pays us a fixed fee and forfeits its deposit for each keg determined to be lost. We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the similarities between kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively low deposit collected on each keg when compared with the market value of the keg. We believe that this is an industry-wide issue and our loss experience is typical of the industry. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 A-B records
 other third-party records
We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
Deferred tax assets arise from the tax benefit of amounts expensed for financial reporting purposes but not yet deducted for tax purposes and from unutilized tax credits and net operating loss carry forwards. We evaluate our deferred tax assets on a regular basis to determine if a valuation allowance is required. To the extent it is determined the recoverability of the deferred tax assets is not more likely than not
 we will record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. If we are unable to generate adequate taxable income in future periods or our assessment that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will be realized is otherwise not accurate
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenue or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
See Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
We have assessed our vulnerability to certain market risks
 including interest rate risk associated with financial instruments included in Cash and cash equivalents and Long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 on January 23
 2014
 we entered into an $8.0 million notional amount interest rate swap agreement
 which expires September 29
 2023
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings on our term loan. On November 25
 2015
 we entered into a $9.1 million notional amount interest rate swap agreement effective January 4
 2016
 which expires January 1
 2019
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings on our line of credit. The notional amount fluctuates based on a predefined schedule based on our anticipated borrowings.  Since the interest rate swaps hedge the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 they qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. These interest rate swaps fully hedge our term loan and line of credit outstanding
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;on our line of credit. A 10% increase or decrease in the interest rate on our variable-rate debt would not have a material effect on our financial position
Due to the nature of our highly liquid Cash and cash equivalents
December&#160;31
2017 (In thousands
44
60
56
45
31
42
37
31
12
18
19
14
Selling
15
15
16
13
(2
2
3
1
Interest expense and Other expense
(2
2
2
1
(1
1
(6
(1
1
1
7
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
2016 (In thousands
39
62
55
45
30
41
38
32
8
20
16
13
Selling
13
16
15
12
(5
3
1
Interest expense and Other expense
(5
3
(2
1
(3
2
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
19
During the fourth quarter
 Net sales includes a $1.7 million fee from Pabst
During the fourth quarter
 Selling
 general and administrative expenses includes a $1.0 million fee from Pabst
 related to the termination of a purchase option agreement
 as well as
During the fourth quarter
During the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2016
 we determined that we had incorrectly (i) accounted for certain fees payable to us by A-B in connection with the International Distribution Agreement
 (ii) classified reimbursements for Selling
 general and administrative costs as revenue
 and (iii) accounted for a severance benefit that had no future obligation on the part of the former employee. Based on our analysis of quantitative and qualitative factors
 we believe the errors are immaterial to prior periods. Accordingly
&#32;and a reduction to Selling
 general and administrative expenses of 
Craft Brew Alliance
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2017
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 shareholders&#8217; equity
December&#160;31
 2017
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
 2017
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#8220;PCAOB&#8221;)
December&#160;31
 2017
March&#160;7
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud.  Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
Portland
March&#160;7
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
(Dollars in thousands
December 31
Accounts receivable
27
24
Inventory
13
19
22
4
2
69
46
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
106
121
12
12
Intangible
 equity method investment and other assets
20
19
209
200
14
16
Accrued salaries
5
4
4
6
5
4
1
31
32
Long-term debt and capital lease obligations
32
27
Deferred income tax liability
12
18
1
1
78
80
Common stock
 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 19
309
829 and 19
261
142
140
(11
(20
130
119
209
200
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
(In thousands
Year Ended December 31
219
215
218
12
13
14
207
202
204
142
142
141
65
59
62
Selling
60
59
57
4
4
Other income (expense)
4
3
(5
1
9
2
19
19
19
19
19
19
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Year Ended December 31
9
2
Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative hedge transactions
9
2
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Balance at December 31
19
138
(22
115
Issuance of shares under stock plans
Stock-based compensation
1
1
Unrealized losses on derivative financial instruments
2
2
Balance at December 31
19
139
(20
118
Issuance of shares under stock plans
Stock-based compensation
1
1
Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments
Balance at December 31
19
140
(20
119
Issuance of shares under stock plans
Stock-based compensation
1
1
Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments
9
9
Balance at December 31
19
142
(11
130
CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
Year Ended December 31
9
2
10
10
9
Loss on sale or disposal of Property
(5
1
1
1
Accounts receivable
(3
(5
(7
5
(1
1
(1
1
1
3
Accrued salaries
(1
(2
16
7
11
Expenditures for Property
(18
(15
(15
Proceeds from sale of Property
(2
(20
(16
(16
(1
4
9
5
3
8
4
Cash paid for income taxes
1
Purchases of Property
1
Purchases of Property
1
Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (CBA) is the sixth largest craft brewing company in the U.S. and a leader in brewing
 branding
Our distinctive portfolio combines the power of Kona Brewing Company
 a fast-growing national craft beer brand
 with strong regional craft breweries and innovative lifestyle brands
 Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
 Omission Brewing Co.
 Redhook Brewery
 Square Mile Cider Co.
 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 and Wynwood Brewing Co. We nurture the growth and development of our brands in today&#8217;s increasingly competitive beer market through our state-of-the-art brewing and distribution capability
 integrated sales and marketing infrastructure
 and strong focus on partnerships
CBA was formed in 2008 through the merger of Redhook Brewery and Widmer Brothers Brewing
 the two largest craft brewing pioneers in the Northwest at the time. Following a successful strategic brewing and distribution partnership
 Kona Brewing Co. joined CBA in 2010 and has become one of the top craft brands in the U.S. As part of CBA
&#32;international markets
As the craft beer market continues to grow and consumers increasingly demand more local offerings
 Craft Brew Alliance has expanded its portfolio of brands and maximized its brewing footprint through strategic partnerships with emerging craft beer brands in targeted markets. From 2015 to 2016
 we formed strategic partnerships with Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 based in Boone
 North Carolina; Cisco Brewers
 based in Nantucket
 Massachusetts; and Wynwood Brewing Co.
 based in the heart of Miami&#8217;s vibrant multicultural arts district. Through these strategic partnerships
 we gain local relevance in select beer geographies
Publicly traded on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol BREW
 Craft Brew Alliance is headquartered in Portland
&#32;company-owned production breweries located in Portland
 Oregon; Portsmouth
 New Hampshire; and Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. In 2017
 we completed the process of transitioning CBA brewing volume out of a partner brewery in Memphis
 as part of a previous alternating proprietorship brewing arrangement
 into Anheuser-Busch&#8217;s Fort Collins
 Colorado brewery to leverage a contract brewing agreement with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;) established in 2016. Additionally
 we own and operate three innovation breweries in Portland
 Oregon; Seattle
 Washington; and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire
We distribute our beers to retailers through wholesalers that are aligned with the A-B network. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B
 which extends through 2028. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers would own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. In 2017
 Kona beers were distributed in all 50 states. As increased competition put increasing pressure on craft brands outside of their home markets
 we continued ongoing work to retrench and stabilize Widmer Brothers and Redhook in the Pacific Northwest. We expanded distribution of Appalachian Mountain Brewery
 Cisco Brewers
 and Wynwood Brewing Co. across their respective home markets of North Carolina
 New England
Separate from our A-B wholesalers
 we maintain an internal independent sales and marketing organization with resources across the key functions of brand management
 field marketing
 field sales
&#32;segments: Beer Related operations and Brewpubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing
 and domestic and international sales
&#32;brewpubs
&#32;of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations
 other merchandise sales
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2017
Under our cash management system
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables due from wholesalers and A-B for beer and promotional product sales. Because of state liquor laws and each wholesaler&#8217;s agreement with A-B
 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
25
December&#160;31
 2017
Inventories
 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or net realizable value. Pub food
We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&#8217;s carrying value
Property
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
Depreciation and amortization of property
Furniture
We evaluate potential impairment of long-lived assets when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. During 
&#32;impairment charge was recorded as a component of Selling
Goodwill is not amortized but rather is reviewed for impairment at least annually
 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit&#8217;s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 we then perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. Under the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 and
 if an indication of goodwill impairment exists in the reporting unit
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. Under step two
 an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill as determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value
Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired
We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us and are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability
 Refundable deposits
 in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A&#8209;B
December&#160;31
 2017
 respectively
 in Refundable deposits on kegs and 
 respectively
 in keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 included as a component of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of Accounts receivable. While wholesalers and A-B account for substantially all Accounts receivable
 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers
We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
&#32;barrels of beer per calendar year
60
&#32;barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
60
&#32;barrels. Beginning in 2018
 as a result of the &#8220;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
60
&#32;barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
60
&#32;barrels. These lower rates currently expire at the end of 2019. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
We account for tax assessed by a governmental authority that is directly imposed on a revenue-producing transaction (i.e.
 sales
 use
Advertising costs
 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
December&#160;31
 2017
 
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $
 $
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
Advertising expenses frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling
The estimated fair value of stock-based awards is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the award
The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence
We are a party to legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. We accrue for certain legal costs
 including attorney fees
 as well as potential settlement amounts and other losses related to various legal proceedings that are estimable and probable. If not estimable and probable
 legal costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Selling
Deferred income taxes are established for the difference between the financial reporting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
December&#160;31
 2017
In the fourth quarter of 2017
 we recognized the impact of enacted tax legislation
 which reduced our federal tax rate from 34% to 21% effective January 1
&#32;decrease to our deferred tax liability
 which was recognized as a reduction to our income tax provision in the fourth quarter of 2017
 the period of enactment. Our accounting for the income tax effects of the new tax legislation is complete
Our chief operating decision maker monitors Net sales and gross margins of our Beer Related operations and our Brewpubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing operations and related domestic and international beer and cider sales of our Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and Omission beer brands and Square Mile cider brand. Brewpubs operations primarily include our brewpubs
In August 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-12
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. ASU 2017-12 refines and expands hedge accounting for both financial and commodity risks. Its provisions create more transparency around how economic results are presented
 both on the face of the financial statements and in the footnotes. It also makes certain targeted improvements to simplify the application of hedge accounting guidance. ASU 2017-12 is effective for fiscal years
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2018
 on a prospective basis. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2017-12 to have a material effect on our financial position
In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Scope of Modification Accounting. ASU 2017-09 provides clarity and is expected to reduce both diversity in practice and the cost and complexity when accounting for a change to the terms of a stock-based award. ASU 2017-09 is effective for fiscal years
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017
 on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2017-09 to have a material effect on our financial position
In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04
  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) - Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. ASU 2017-04 simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. An entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 and recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value
 if applicable. The loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The same impairment test also applies to any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. ASU 2017-04 is effective for fiscal years
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019
 on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed after January 1
 2017. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2017-04 to have a material effect on our financial position
In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 addresses eight specific cash flow issues and how they should be reported on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-15 to have a material effect on our financial position
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326). ASU 2016-13 addresses accounting for credit losses for assets that are not measured at fair value through net income on a recurring basis. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 with early adoption permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-13 to have a material effect on our financial position
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. ASU 2016-02 increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requires disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We are still evaluating any potential impact that adoption of ASU 2016-02 may have on our financial position
In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10). ASU 2016-01 enhances the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information by addressing certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments simplify certain requirements and also reduce diversity in current practice for other requirements. ASU 2016-01 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Except for the early application guidance specifically allowed in ASU 2016-01
 early adoption is not permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-01 to have a material effect on our financial position
In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17
 Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes
 and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position and aligns the presentation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities with International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
December&#160;31
&#32;and December 31
 2016
In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (Topic 330). ASU 2015-11 simplifies the accounting for the valuation of all inventory not accounted for using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method by prescribing that inventory be valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016 on a prospective basis. The adoption of ASU 2015-11 in the first quarter of 2017 did not have a material effect on our financial position
ASU 2014-09
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). ASU 2014-09
 as amended
 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). ASU 2014-09
 as amended
 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
In April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. ASU 2016-10 clarifies aspects of Topic 606 related to identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance
In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. ASU 2016-12 clarifies aspects of Topic 606 related to the guidance on assessing collectibility
 presentation of sales taxes
 non-cash consideration
The standards permit either the retrospective or the modified retrospective (cumulative effect) transition method. We have elected the modified retrospective transition method and are currently evaluating the impact of adopting Topic 606 on January 1
December 31
4
6
1
2
5
6
1
1
Pub food
13
19
On July 12
 2017
&#32;interest in Wynwood Brewing Company
&#32;in cash.  Our investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and is recorded as a component of Intangible
 equity method investment and other assets
December&#160;31
December 31
1
2
1
4
2
December 31
3
1
1
1
1
5
4
Note 7. Property
Property
December 31
97
113
32
56
3
7
Furniture
20
19
16
9
8
11
179
218
(73
(96
106
121
Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible
December&#160;31
 2017
Intangible
Intangible
December 31
14
14
2
2
(1
(1
Intangible assets
16
16
1
2
2
2
Intangible
 equity method investment and other assets
20
19
Year Ended December 31
December 31
Term loan
 due September 30
9
9
Line of credit
 due November 30
22
17
1
1
33
29
(1
32
27
December&#160;31
22
6
9
22
2
1
We have a loan agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with Bank of America
 N.A. (BofA)
&#32;revolving line of credit (&#8220;Line of Credit&#8221;)
&#32;notional amount of letters of credit
November&#160;30
September&#160;30
December&#160;31
 2017
Under the Loan Agreement
December&#160;31
 2017
Under the Loan Agreement
 a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
December&#160;31
 2017
Year Ended December 31

December&#160;31
&#32;to 1 on January 1
The Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of our personal property and fixtures and by our Oregon brewery. In addition
 we are permitted to declare or pay dividends
 repurchase outstanding common stock or incur additional debt
Our risk management objectives are to ensure that business and financial exposures to risk that have been identified and measured are minimized using the most effective and efficient methods to reduce
 transfer and
 when possible
We have assessed our vulnerability to certain business and financial risks
 including interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 effective January 23
 2014
&#32;of the Term Loan balance
September&#160;30
December&#160;31
. Through this swap agreement
&#32;and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
December&#160;31
Effective January 4
 2016
&#32;notional amount interest rate swap contract with BofA
January 1
 2019
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings on our line of credit. The notional amount fluctuates based on a predefined schedule based on our anticipated borrowings. Through this swap agreement
&#32;and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
December&#160;31
Since the interest rate swaps hedge the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
December&#160;31
 2017
$221
000
December 31
December 31
Level 2 &#8211; other significant directly or indirectly observable inputs
 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates
Level 3 &#8211; significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources
Fair Value at December 31
Fair Value at December 31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2016
We believe the carrying amounts of Cash and cash equivalents
 Accounts receivable
 Other current assets
 Accounts payable
 Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes
December 31
1
1
We calculate the estimated fair value of our fixed-rate debt using a discounted cash flow methodology. Using estimated current interest rates based on a similar risk profile and duration (Level 2)
Net sales
179
27
207
63
1
65
173
28
202
55
3
59
176
27
204
58
3
62
The segments use many of the same assets. For internal reporting purposes
 we do not allocate assets by segment and
 therefore
In preparing this financial information
 certain expenses were allocated between the segments based on management estimates
 while others were based on specific factors such as headcount. These factors can have a significant impact on the amount of Gross profit for each segment. While we believe we have applied a reasonable methodology
Year Ended December 31
December 31
We maintain several stock incentive plans under which stock-based awards are
 or have been
 granted to employees and non-employee directors. We issue new shares of common stock upon exercise or settlement of the stock-based awards. All of our stock plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 which determines the grantees
 the number of shares of common stock for which awards may be exercised or settled and the exercise or grant prices of such shares
With the approval of the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2014 Plan&#8221;) in May 2014
 no further grants of stock-based awards may be made under our 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2010 Plan&#8221;). However
 the provisions of the 2010 Plan will remain in effect until all outstanding awards are exercised
The 2014 Plan provides for grants of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units (RSUs)
 performance awards and stock appreciation rights
 as well as other stock-based awards. While incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
 awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees
1
000
December&#160;31
 2017
421
Certain information regarding our stock-based compensation was as follows (in thousands
Year Ended December 31
1
Year Ended December 31
Selling
1
1
1
1
1
1
We amortize stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the individual awards
 which is the requisite service period
December&#160;31
 2017
 we had total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of 
Year Ended December 31
December&#160;31
Outstanding at December 31
440
(30
(49
Outstanding at December 31
359
December&#160;31
359
195
3
351
1
812
In February 2017
59
March&#160;31
 2020
In June 2017
14
&#32;per share to our full-time
 non-executive employees
December&#160;31
. For this grant
May&#160;31
 2018
In November  2017
4
December&#160;31
 2018
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 2020
 per a vesting schedule
During 2016
52
March&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
For the 2012 grant
&#32;of the target number of performance shares were earned in 2015. No shares were earned for the 2013 grant and we do not expect any shares to be earned pursuant to the 2014 grant due to failure to meet the specified performance goals. Awards
 if earned
December&#160;31
Awards expected to vest as of January 1
189
61
(67
Awards expected to vest as of December 31
183
On the date of our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
$45
000
$67
2
4
&#32;shares
23
Year Ended December 31
19
19
19
19
19
19
Year Ended December 31
(5
(5
(5
1
Year Ended December 31
1
1
State taxes
(6
Permanent differences
(5
1
December 31
1
1
1
1
3
3
Property
(12
(15
(4
(6
(16
(21
(12
(18
December&#160;31
 2017
State NOLs
Federal NOLs
$340
000
 which is refundable over the next five years pursuant to recently enacted tax legislation.&#160;As such
 the carryforward is recognized as a tax receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
In assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 we consider future taxable income expected to be generated by the projected differences between financial statement depreciation and tax depreciation
 cumulative earnings generated to date and other evidence available to us. Based upon this consideration
 we assessed that all of our deferred taxes are more likely than not to be realized
 and
 as such
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
&#32;years or older. Employee contributions may be made on a before-tax basis
December&#160;31
 2017
 
 we matched 
 
$69
000
$198
$17
000
 respectively
 of previously forfeited matching contributions to fund current matching contributions
Year Ended December 31
We are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not currently party to any claims or legal proceedings that management believes are reasonably probable to have a material adverse effect on our financial position
We lease office space
 restaurant and production facilities
 warehouse and storage space
 land and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2064. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require us to pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property. Under the terms of the land lease for our New Hampshire Brewery
December&#160;31
9
2
1
1
1
20
36
Rent expense under all operating leases
 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases
 gross
Year Ended December 31
2
2
2
-year lease that began in February 2011. In December 2014
 the lease agreement was amended to extend the lease through 2025
$150
.  In December 2017
 we entered into an agreement to sell the property where the sub-leased corporate office space was located to an unrelated party.  The sale of the property was finalized in January 2018
 so will no longer receive rental payments pursuant to this agreement. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations
Year Ended December 31
We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
&#32;limited liability companies
 both of whose members include our former Board Chair
 and his brother
Year Ended December 31
The lease for the headquarters office space and restaurant facility expires in 2034
-year periods
 while the lease for the other facilities
&#32;or the fair market value of the property as determined by a contractually established appraisal method. The right to purchase is not valid in the final year of either renewal term
We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 
Year Ended December 31
All lease terms are considered to be arm&#8217;s-length. In December 2015
 related to the execution of the long-term land lease with an unrelated third party for our new Kona brewery
$100
We periodically enter into commitments to purchase certain raw materials in the normal course of business. Furthermore
 we have entered into purchase commitments and commodity contracts to ensure we have the necessary supply of malt and hops to meet future production requirements. Certain of the malt and hop commitments are for crop years through 2022. We believe that malt and hop commitments in excess of future requirements
 if any
 will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may take delivery of the commodities in excess of our requirements or make payments against the purchase commitments earlier than contractually obligated
In certain cases
 we have executed agreements with selected vendors to source our requirements for specific malt and hop varieties for the years ending December 31
 2018
 2019
 2020
 2021 and 2022; however
 either the quantity to be delivered or the full price for the commodity has not been established at the present time. To the extent the commitment is not measurable or has not been fixed
We have entered into multi-year sponsorship and promotional commitments with certain professional sports teams and entertainment companies. Generally
 in exchange for our sponsorship consideration
 we post signage and provide other promotional materials at the site or the event. The terms of these sponsorship commitments expire at various dates through December 31
December&#160;31
11
1
13
4
5
4
4
3
3
24
3
27
On February&#160;28
 2017 and March 6
 2017
 respectively
&#32;lawsuits
 Sara Cilloni and Simone Zimmer v. Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 and Theodore Broomfield v. Kona Brewing Co. LLC
 Kona Brew Enterprises
 LLP
 Kona Brewery LLC
 and Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern Division of California. On April 7
 2017
 the two lawsuits were consolidated into a single complaint under the Broomfield case. The consolidated lawsuit purports to be a class action brought on behalf of all persons who purchased Kona Brewing Company beer within the relevant statute of limitations period.&#160;The lawsuit alleges that the defendants misled customers regarding the state in which Kona Brewing Company beers are manufactured and in describing Kona Brewing Company beer as &#8220;craft beer.&#8221; On April 28
 2017
 we filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. The motion to dismiss was granted in part and denied in part on September 1
For additional related party transactions
December&#160;31
 2017
Transactions with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;)
 Ambev and Anheuser-Busch Worldwide Investments
In December 2015
 we partnered with Ambev
 the Brazilian subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA
 to distribute Kona beers into Brazil. In August 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement with ABWI
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABWI will distribute our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
Transactions with A-B
Year Ended December 31
163
168
179
3
1
International distribution fee from ABWI
3
1
Margin fee paid to A-B
2
2
2
Inventory management and other fees paid to A-B
Media reimbursement from A-B
 classified as a reduction of Selling
December 31
15
12
5
3
(1
(2
(4
(1
14
12
Agreements with Anheuser-Busch
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement (the &#8220;Brewing Agreement&#8221;) with A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (&#8220;ABCS&#8221;)
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which ABCS will brew
300
&#32;barrels of our mutually agreed products annually
 in facilities owned by ABCS within the United States
 for an initial term through December 31
 2026. Under the terms of the Brewing Agreement
 we will share equally in any cost savings arising from the Brewing Agreement
&#32;per barrel on an aggregate basis
 following certain adjustments
The Brewing Agreement provides specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the Brewing Agreement if (i) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the Brewing Agreement
 subject to certain cure rights
 (ii) the International Distribution Agreement (as defined below) is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof or (iii) subject to certain conditions
In addition
&#32;days&#8217; prior written notice to us following (i) a change of control event (as defined below) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; (as defined below)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
&#32;days following receipt of a qualifying offer
Under the terms of each of the Brewing Agreement
 the International Distribution Agreement
 the Master Distributor Agreement and the Recapitalization Agreement (as defined below) (collectively
 the &#8220;Commercial Arrangements&#8221;)
 a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; is defined to include any offer made by ABCS or an affiliate thereof
 for the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock not owned by ABCS or its affiliates
 on customary terms and conditions for a transaction of the type proposed by ABCS or its affiliate
 in each case
&#32;per share of our common stock if the offer is made on or prior to August 23
 2017
&#32;per share of our common stock if the offer is made during the period beginning August 24
 2017 through August 23
&#32;per share of our common stock if the offer is made on or after August 24
 2018. A &#8220;change of control event&#8221; includes
 with certain exceptions
 (i) the acquisition by a person or group of beneficial ownership on a fully diluted basis of 50% or more of our equity securities (or the equity securities of the surviving entity in any merger
 consolidation
 share exchange or other business combination involving us)
 (ii) a change in the composition of our board of directors during any consecutive 12-month period such that the incumbent directors cease to constitute at least a majority of the board of directors
 or (iii) the completion of a sale
 lease
 exchange
On August 23
 2016
 we also entered into an International Distribution Agreement (the &#8220;International Distribution Agreement&#8221;) with ABWI pursuant to which ABWI will be the sole and exclusive distributor of our malt beverage products in jurisdictions outside the United States
 subject to the terms and conditions of our agreement with our existing international distributor
 CraftCan Travel LLC
 and certain other limitations
 in each case as set forth in the International Distribution Agreement. Under the International Distribution Agreement
 following delivery of notice to us
Under the terms of the International Distribution Agreement
 with respect to our exported products produced by us
 ABWI will pay us our costs of production plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses relating to export shipment costs. Additionally
 ABWI will pay us an international royalty fee based on volume of our products sold by ABWI
&#32;per barrel
 depending on certain factors described in the International Distribution Agreement
 which royalty fee will be subject to escalation annually
 beginning in calendar year 2018
 on the terms described in the International Distribution Agreement. For calendar year 2016
 2017 and 2018
 ABWI will also pay us one-time fees of 
 
-year contract term
The International Distribution Agreement contains specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the International Distribution Agreement if (a) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the International Distribution Agreement
 subject to certain cure rights or (b) the Brewing Agreement is terminated pursuant to certain specified provisions thereof. In addition
prior written notice to us following (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; (as defined above) that occurs or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to August 23
 2019
 and is subsequently completed
 or (ii) the earliest of (x) our rejection of a &#8220;qualifying offer&#8221; (as defined above)
 (y) the completion of a transaction implementing a qualifying offer
&#32;days following receipt of a qualifying offer
 with certain exceptions (each of the foregoing subclauses (x) through (z)
 a &#8220;qualifying offer lapse&#8221;). Following termination of the International Distribution Agreement due to a qualifying offer lapse
 or any change of control event
 ABWI shall have the right to purchase the international distribution rights for each of our brands then being distributed under the International Distribution Agreement at the fair market value of such rights
 and on otherwise customary terms and conditions
Under the International Distribution Agreement
&#32;payment to us on August 23
-year contract term. However
 ABWI will not (subject to compliance with certain notice requirements) be obligated to make such one-time payment if
 prior to that date
 (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; occurs or a definitive agreement for a transaction constituting a change of control event is entered into
 (ii) ABWI (or an affiliate thereof) makes a qualifying offer and there is a qualifying offer lapse or (iii) we enter into a definitive agreement with ABWI (or an affiliate thereof) with respect to a qualifying offer but such agreement is subsequently terminated
&#32;shall remain payable). Unless terminated sooner
 the International Distribution Agreement will continue in effect until December 31
On August 23
 2016
 we entered into Amendment No. 3 (&#8220;Amendment No. 3&#8221;) to the Amended and Restated Master Distributor Agreement with A-B
 dated as of May 1
 2011
 as amended
 between us and A-B (the &#8220;Master Distributor Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to Amendment No. 3
 A-B and we agreed to extend the Master Distributor Agreement through December 31
 2028 (the &#8220;Term&#8221;)
&#32;per case-equivalent in the Master Distributor Agreement through the Term. Without Amendment No. 3
 beginning on January 1
 2019
&#32;per case equivalent would have been payable by us under the Master Distributor Agreement. Amendment No. 3 also provides that
 beginning on January 1
 2019
&#32;per case equivalent in sales and marketing efforts for our products
Pursuant to Amendment No. 3
 A-B will have the ability to deliver a revocation notice and reinstitute the terms of the Master Distributor Agreement as they existed prior to Amendment No. 3 following (i) a &#8220;change of control event&#8221; (as defined above) that occurs prior to the third anniversary of Amendment No. 3 or for which a definitive agreement is entered into prior to the third anniversary of Amendment No. 3 and is subsequently consummated or (ii) the earliest of (a) our rejection of a qualifying offer (as defined above)
 (b) the consummation of a transaction underlying a qualifying offer
&#32;days following the receipt of a qualifying offer by us
 if A-B (or an affiliate thereof) and we are unable to enter into a definitive agreement with respect thereto
 notwithstanding A-B&#8217;s (or its affiliate&#8217;s) and our good faith and reasonable efforts to negotiate such a definitive agreement
December&#160;31
Year Ended December 31
Brewery representative reimbursement
 classified as a reduction of Selling
Share of loss
 classified as a component of Other income (expense)
December 31
On January 8
 2016
 we entered into brewing agreements  (the brewing agreements) with Pabst Northwest Brewing Company (Pabst)
 a subsidiary of Pabst Brewing Company
 under which Pabst had the ability to brew selected Rainier Brewing Company and other brands at our brewery in Woodinville
 Washington under a license agreement and was required to pay us contract brewing volume shortfall fees in each of 2016 and 2017 stemming from brewing volumes below committed levels. In conjunction with the brewing agreements
 we granted Pabst an option to purchase the Woodinville brewery and adjacent pub
 as well as related assets
Effective May&#160;1
 2017
&#32;if the Woodinville brewery was sold to a specified party
&#32;was recorded in Selling
Ceasing Production at our Woodinville
We  ceased production at our Woodinville
 Washington brewery as of July&#160;1
 2017. As a result
$250
$150
&#32;to safely and properly prepare the brewing equipment to become idle during the second and third quarters of 2017
$100
&#32;in additional cost during the fourth quarter of 2017 to further prepare the brewing equipment to be idle
Designating the Woodinville
We designated our Woodinville
 Washington brewery as held for sale on May&#160;1
 2017 and
 accordingly
 we ceased depreciating the related assets and recorded them on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at the lower of carrying value or fair value less estimated selling costs. We expected to sell the Woodinville property
 including the adjacent pub
 within 
&#32;impairment charge was recorded related to the sale of our Woodinville brewery
The proximity to our largest and most efficient owned brewery in Portland
 Oregon
 which recently underwent a capacity expansion
 as well as the decrease in our contract brewing volume
 made our Woodinville capacity redundant. Production volume from our Woodinville brewery was transferred to our Portland brewery in the second quarter of 2017. The Woodinville pub operations ceased on December 29
December&#160;31
6
12
3
Furniture
23
22
Sale of Woodinville
On January 12
 2018
 we sold our Woodinville brewery to assignees of Sound Commercial Investment Holdings
 LLC
&#32;(the Sale Transaction)
 pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Commercial and Investment Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement between the parties dated as of November 29
 2017
 as amended by an Addendum dated December 29
 2017
 and a Second Addendum dated January 5
 2018 (as amended
 the Agreement). The assets that were sold included the real property
 equipment
 fixtures
 mechanical systems
$560
In contemplation of the sale of certain brewing and bottling equipment included in the Sale Transaction
$500
000
 the shortfall will be paid to the purchaser up to the amount held in escrow
 with the balance
 if any
&#32;days following the closing date
$500
Cross Brewing Arrangement with Anheuser-Busch Companies
On January 30
 2018
 we entered into a Contract Brewing Agreement (the &#8220;Brewing Agreement&#8221;) with ABC
 an affiliate of A-B
 pursuant to which we will brew
 package
 and palletize certain malt beverage products of A-B's craft breweries at our Portland
 Oregon
 and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire
 breweries as selected by ABC. Under the terms of the Brewing Agreement
 ABC will pay us a per barrel fee that varies based on the annual volume of the specified product brewed by us
 plus (a) our actual incremental costs of brewing the product
The Brewing Agreement will expire on December 31
 2018
 unless the arrangement is extended at the mutual agreement of the parties. The Brewing Agreement contains specified termination rights
 including
 among other things
 the right of either party to terminate the Brewing Agreement if (i) the other party fails to perform any material obligation under the Brewing Agreement or any other agreement between the parties
 subject to certain cure rights
Our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
 disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.While reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance
 it does not mean absolute assurance. Disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all errors
 misstatements or fraud. In addition
 the design of a control system must recognize that there are resource constraints
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
 issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
December&#160;31
 2017
 other than as described below
 no changes in our internal control over financial reporting were identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
To address material weaknesses identified in connection with the preparation of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016
revising the design of existing controls
 and designing and implementing additional key controls related to identifying and accounting for non-routine transactions
 which include protocols for engaging third-party accounting experts
Moss Adams LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
December&#160;31
 2017
 as stated in their report
Craft Brew Alliance
We have audited Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
December&#160;31
 2017
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#8220;PCAOB&#8221;)
 the consolidated balance sheets of Craft Brew Alliance
December&#160;31
 2017
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 shareholders&#8217; equity
December&#160;31
 2017
March&#160;7
The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Portland
March&#160;7
&#32;Directors
&#32;Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16
&#32;Proxy Statement&#8221;) under the captions &#8220;Board of Directors &#8211; Nominees for Director
&#8221; &#8220;Board of Directors &#8211; Committees of the Board &#8211; Audit Committee
&#8221; &#8220;Executive Officers
&#8221; and &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
We adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics (the &#8220;Code&#8221;) applicable to all employees
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer and directors. The Code and the charters of each of the Board committees are posted on our website at www.craftbrew.com (select Investor Relations &#8212; Governance &#8212; Highlights). Copies of these documents are available to any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be directed to Investor Relations
 Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 929 N. Russell Street
 Portland
&#32;Proxy Statement under the captions &#8220;Compensation Committee Report
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis
&#8221; &#8220;Executive Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Employment Agreements and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control
December&#160;31
&#32;of all of our plans that provide for the issuance of equity securities as compensation. See Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II
outstanding options
outstanding options
621
421
621
421
183
&#32;performance shares that may vest between April 1
&#32;and March 31
 
 based on the expected levels of achievement of financial targets over two separate performance periods
78
&#32;Proxy Statement under the caption &#8220;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
&#32;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Report of Moss Adams LLP
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders&#8217; Equity for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index that appears immediately following the signature page of this report and is incorporated herein by reference
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 in Portland
 Oregon
March&#160;7
Craft Brew Alliance
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated
March&#160;7
Andrew J. Thomas
Commercial and Investment Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement between Sound Commercial Investment Holdings
 LLC
 and Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 dated as of November&#160;29
 2017
 as amended by an Addendum dated December 29
 2017
 and a Second Addendum dated January 5
 2018  (incorporated by reference from  Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 19
Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant
 dated January 2
 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant
 dated December 1
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Executive Officer Grants) for the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for Executive Officers  for the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 27
Form of Nonqualified Option Agreement for the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for Executive Officers for Awards in 2015 under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Transition and Separation Agreement between the Registrant and Mark D. Moreland
 dated October 31
 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5
Letter of Agreement between the Registrant and Robert Widmer dated May 26
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Andrew J. Thomas
 dated July 1
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and J. Scott Mennen
 dated July 5
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and John W. Glick
 dated July 5
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Kenneth C. Kunze
 dated July 1. 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Joseph K. Vanderstelt
 dated June 29
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Separation Agreement between Kurt D. Widmer and the Registrant dated as of February 24
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Letter of Confidentiality/Proprietary Information and Noncompetition Agreement between the Registrant and Joseph K. Vanderstelt dated April 27
 2015 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Summary of Compensation Arrangements for Non-Employee Directors as of January 1
 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Annual Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22
Sublease between Pease Development Authority as Sublessor and the Registrant as Sublessee
 dated May 30
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated November 30
 2015
 among the Registrant
 its subsidiaries
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3
Amended and Restated Security Agreement
 dated November 30
 2015
 among the Registrant
 its subsidiaries
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3
Amended and Restated Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty
 dated November 30
 2015
 among the Registrant
 its subsidiaries
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3
Amended and Restated Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement dated as of May 1
 2011 between the Registrant and Anheuser-Busch
as successor in interest to Anheuser-Busch
 Incorporated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4
Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement
 dated August 23
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and A-B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24
Amended and Restated Master Distributor Agreement dated as of May 1
 2011 between the Registrant and A-B (the &#8220;A-B Master Distributor Agreement&#8221;) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4
Amendment to A-B Master Distributor Agreement dated May 11
 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
Amendment to A-B Master Distributor Agreement dated November 20
 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amendment No. 3 to the A-B Master Distributor Agreement
 dated August 23
 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24
Contract Brewing Agreement
 dated August 23
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and A-B Commercial Strategies
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24
International Distribution Agreement
 dated August 23
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Anheuser-Busch Worldwide Investments
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24
Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 1
 2004 between the Registrant and A&#8209;B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2
Master Lease Agreement dated as of June 6
 2007 between Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital
 LLC and Widmer Brothers Brewing Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4
 No. 333-149908 filed on May 2
Amended and Restated License Agreement dated as of February 28
 1997 between Widmer Brothers Brewing Company and Widmer&#8217;s Wine Cellars
 Inc. and Canandaigua Wine Company
Restated Lease dated as of January 1
 1994 between Smithson &amp; McKay Limited Liability Company and Widmer Brothers Brewing Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
Commercial Lease (Restated) dated as of December 18
Sublease dated as of September 1
 2010 between Manini Holdings
 LLC and Kona Brewing Co.
 LLC. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amended and Restated Continental Distribution and Licensing Agreement between the Registrant and Kona Brewery LLC dated March 26
 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
Sublease dated as of March 31
 2011 between Manini Holdings
 LLC and Kona Brewing Co.
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant&#8217;s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Option and Agreement of Purchase and Sale dated as of January 8
 2016
 by and between the Registrant and Pabst Northwest Brewing Company
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for Executive Officers for Awards in 2016 and 2017 under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Contract Brewing Agreement between Anheuser-Busch Companies
 LLC and Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. dated January 30
 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1
Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 filed on April 1
Consent of Moss Adams LLP
Power of Attorney &#8211; Directors of Craft Brew Alliance
Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Craft Brew Alliance
Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Craft Brew Alliance
Certification of Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Press Release dated March 7
Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to portions of this exhibit. A complete copy of the agreement
 including the redacted terms
 has been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.














		


CRAFT BREWERS ALLIANCE
Incentive Stock Option $100
Transfer
Change in Control - Asset Sale
 Merger
CRAFT BREWERS ALLIANCE
.  The name of this plan is the Craft Brewers Alliance
 Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;).  The purposes of the Plan are (i)&#160;to enable Craft Brewers Alliance
 Inc.
 a Washington corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 and any Affiliate to obtain and retain the services of the types of Employees and Directors who will contribute to the Company&#8217;s long-term success and (ii)&#160;to provide incentives that are linked directly to increases in share value
.  The Plan will afford eligible recipients of Awards an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of one or more of the following types of Awards:  (i)&#160;Incentive Stock Options
 (ii)&#160;Nonstatutory Stock Options
 (iii)&#160;Restricted Awards
 (iv)&#160;Performance Awards
2.2&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Affiliate&#8221; means any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company
 whether now or hereafter existing
 as those terms are defined in Sections&#160;424(e)&#160;and 424(f)
 respectively
2.3&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Award&#8221; means any right granted under the Plan
 including an Incentive Stock Option
 a Nonstatutory Stock Option
 a Restricted Award
2.5&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Beneficial Owner&#8221; has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule&#160;13d&#8209;3 and Rule&#160;13d&#8209;5 under the Exchange Act
 except that in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular &#8220;person&#8221; (as that term is used in Section&#160;13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act)
 such &#8220;person&#8221; shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such &#8220;person&#8221; has the right to acquire by conversion or exercise of other securities
2.8&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Cause&#8221; means (a)&#160;in the case of a Participant who is subject to an employment or service agreement or employment policy manual of the Company or one of its Affiliates that provides a definition of &#8220;Cause
&#8221; &#8220;Cause&#8221; as defined therein
 and (b)&#160;in the case of all other Participants (i)&#160;the commission of
of guilty or no contest to
 a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude or the commission of any other act involving willful malfeasance or material breach of a fiduciary duty with respect to the Company or an Affiliate
 (ii)&#160;conduct tending to bring the Company into substantial public disgrace or disrepute
 (iii)&#160;gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the Company or an Affiliate
 or (iv)&#160;material violation of state or federal securities laws.  The Administrator
 in its absolute discretion
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The direct or indirect sale
 transfer
 conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of a Business Combination)
 in one or a series of related transactions
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Any &#8220;person&#8221; or &#8220;group&#8221; (as such terms are used in Sections&#160;13(d) and&#160;14(d) of the Exchange Act) becoming
 without the approval
 recommendation or authorization of the Board
 the Beneficial Owner
 directly or indirectly
(e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The consummation of a merger
 consolidation
 statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that requires the approval of the Company&#8217;s shareholders
 whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction (a &#8220;Business Combination&#8221;)
 unless immediately following such Business Combination: 50% or more of the total voting power of (i)&#160;the entity that survives or results from the Business Combination (the &#8220;Surviving Entity&#8221;)
 or (ii)&#160;the ultimate parent entity (the &#8220;Parent Entity&#8221;) that directly or indirectly controls the Surviving Entity
 is represented by Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination (or
 if applicable
 is represented by shares or other securities into which such Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Business Combination)
(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The foregoing notwithstanding
2.10&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Code&#8221; means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
2.12&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Common Stock&#8221; means the common stock
2.13&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Company&#8221; means Craft Brewers Alliance
 Inc.
2.14&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Continuous Service&#8221; means that the Participant&#8217;s service with the Company or an Affiliate
 whether as an Employee or Director
 is not interrupted or terminated.  The Participant&#8217;s Continuous Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service
 provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant&#8217;s Continuous Service.  For example
 a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service.  The Administrator or its delegate
 in its sole discretion
 may determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any leave of absence approved by that party
 including sick leave
2.16&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Date of Grant&#8221; means the date on which the Administrator adopts a resolution
 or takes other appropriate action
 expressly granting an Award to a Participant that specifies the key terms and conditions of the Award and from which the Participant begins to benefit from or be adversely affected by subsequent changes in the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock or
 if a later date is set forth in such resolution
 or determined by the Administrator
 as the Date of Grant
2.18&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Disability&#8221; means that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment; provided
 however
 for purposes of determining the term of an Incentive Stock Option pursuant to Section&#160;6.8 hereof
 the term Disability shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Code Section&#160;22(e)(3).  The determination of whether an individual has a Disability shall be determined under procedures established by the Administrator.  Except in situations where the Administrator is determining Disability for purposes of the term of an Incentive Stock Option pursuant to Section&#160;6.8 hereof within the meaning of Code&#160;Section&#160;22(e)(3)
2.21&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221; means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
2.22&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Fair Market Value&#8221; means
 as of any date
 the value of the Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Administrator; provided
 however
 that (a)&#160;if the Common Stock is admitted to trading on a national securities exchange
 the Fair Market Value on any date shall be the closing selling price reported for the Common Stock on such exchange for such date or
 if no sales were reported for such date
 for the most recent date on which such a sale was reported and (b)&#160;if the Common Stock is not admitted to trading on a national securities exchange
 but is admitted to quotation on an over the counter market or any interdealer quotation system
of the Common Stock reported for such date or
 if no bid and asked prices were reported for such date
2.23&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Good Reason&#8221; has the meaning set forth in the Participant's Award Agreement
 or if not defined therein
 means
 with respect to a Participant
 the occurrence in connection with a Change in Control
 without the Participant&#8217;s express written consent
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The assignment to the Participant of any duties inconsistent with the Participant&#8217;s position at the time of the Change in Control
(e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;A material reduction in the overall level of employee benefits or perquisites available to the Participant at the time of the Change in Control
 or the Participant&#8217;s right to participate therein
(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Requiring the Participant to be based anywhere more than 50 miles from the business location to which the Participant normally reported for work at the time of the Change in Control
(g)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Occurrence of any of the foregoing events and conditions before consummation of the Change in Control if the Participant reasonably demonstrates that such occurrence was at the request of a third party or otherwise arose in connection with or in anticipation of the Change in Control (for purposes of such demonstration
2.25&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Incumbent Directors&#8221; means individuals who
 on the Effective Date
 constitute the Board
2.30&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Optionholder&#8221; means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or
 if applicable
2.32&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Participant&#8221; means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or
 if applicable
2.33&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Performance Award&#8221; means Awards granted pursuant to Section&#160;7.2
2.34&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Plan&#8221; means this Craft Brewers Alliance
2.37&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Rule 16b-3&#8221; means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3
2.39&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8220;Securities Act&#8221; means the Securities Act of 1933
.  The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board unless the Board delegates administration to a different committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee or such other committee
 as the case shall be
.  In particular
 the Administrator shall have the authority:  (a)&#160;to construe and interpret the Plan and apply its provisions; (b)&#160;to promulgate
 amend
 and rescind rules and regulations relating to the administration of the Plan; (c)&#160;to authorize any person to execute
 on behalf of the Company
 any instrument required to carry out the purposes of the Plan; (d)&#160;to delegate its authority to one or more officers of the Company with respect to awards that do not involve Covered Employees or &#8220;insiders&#8221; within the meaning of Section&#160;16 of the Exchange Act; (e)&#160;to determine when Awards are to be granted under the Plan; (f)&#160;from time to time to select
 subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan
 those Participants to whom Awards shall be granted; (g)&#160;to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be made subject to each Award; (h)&#160;to determine whether an Option is to be an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option; (i)&#160;to prescribe the terms and conditions of each Award
 including
 without limitation
 the exercise price and medium of payment and vesting provisions
 and to specify the provisions of the Award Agreement relating to such Award; (j)&#160;subject to Section&#160;11.5
 to amend any outstanding Awards
 including for the purpose of modifying the time or manner of vesting
 the purchase price or exercise price
 or the term of any outstanding Award; (k)&#160;to determine the duration and purpose of leaves of absence that may be granted to a Participant without constituting termination of his or her employment for purposes of the Plan
.  All decisions made by the Administrator pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final and binding on the Company and the Participants and any other person having any interest in an Award
.  If the Plan is administered by a Committee
 the Committee shall have
 in connection with the administration of the Plan
 the powers that the Board would possess if it were administering the Plan
 including the power to delegate to a subcommittee or
 to the extent permitted by applicable law
 to the chair of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Administrator shall thereafter be to such subcommittee or chair)
 subject
 however
 to such resolutions
 not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan
 as may be adopted from time to time by the Board.  The Board may abolish the Committee at any time and revest in the Board the administration of the Plan.  The members of the Committee shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Board.  From time to time
 the Board may increase or decrease the size of the Committee
 add additional members to
 remove members (with or without cause) from
 appoint new members in substitution therefor
 and fill vacancies
 however caused
 in the Committee.  The Committee shall act pursuant to a vote of the majority of its members or
 in the case of a Committee comprised of only two members
 the unanimous consent of its members
 whether present or not
 or by the unanimous written consent of its members and minutes shall be kept of all of its meetings and copies thereof shall be provided to the Board.  Subject to the limitations prescribed by the Plan and the Board
&#32;&#32;Awards granted under the Plan are intended to be exempt from or comply with Section&#160;409A of the Code (Code Section&#160;409A) and ambiguous provisions
 if any
 in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be construed in a manner that&#160;causes each Award to be exempt&#160;from or compliant with&#160;Code Section&#160;409A
.  Subject to the provisions of Section&#160;10.1 relating to adjustments upon changes in Common Stock
 the shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards shall consist of the Company&#8217;s authorized but unissued Common Stock
 and the maximum aggregate amount of such Common Stock that may be issued upon exercise of all Awards under the Plan shall be 750
000 shares
 of which a maximum of 400
000 shares may be issued as Incentive Stock Options.  If any payment required in connection with an Award (whether on account of the exercise price for an Option or Award
 the satisfaction of withholding tax liabilities in connection with the Award or otherwise) is satisfied through the tendering of shares of Common Stock (either by actual tender or by attestation) or by the withholding of shares of Common Stock
 only the number of shares of Common Stock issued by the Company
 net of the shares tendered or withheld
.  If any Award shall for any reason expire or otherwise terminate
 in whole or in part
 the shares of Common Stock not acquired under such Award shall revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan.  If shares of Common Stock issued under the Plan are reacquired by the Company pursuant to the terms of any forfeiture provision
.  The Plan is separate from the Craft Brewers Alliance
 Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan&#160;and the Craft Brewers Alliance
.  Subject to the provisions of Section&#160;10.1 relating to adjustments upon changes in the shares of Common Stock
 no Employee shall be eligible to be granted (a) Options or Stock Appreciation Rights covering more than 250
000 shares during any fiscal year or (b) Performance Awards that could result in such Employee receiving Common Stock
 hypothetical Common Stock units
 or cash (in the case of share-denominated cash Performance Awards) representing more than 250
Each Option shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall deem appropriate; provided
 however
the Option holder to receive an additional Option upon exercise of the original Option.  All Options shall be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant
 and
 if certificates are issued
 a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company shall have no liability to any Participant or any other person if an Option designated as an Incentive Stock Option fails to qualify as such at any time or if an Option is determined to constitute &#8220;nonqualified deferred compensation&#8221; within the meaning of Code Section&#160;409A.  The provisions of separate Options need not be identical
 but each Option shall include (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Option or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions
.  Subject to the provisions of Section&#160;5.2 regarding Ten Percent Shareholders
.  Subject to the provisions of Section&#160;5.2 regarding Ten Percent Shareholders
 the exercise price of each Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the Date of Grant of the Option.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
.  The exercise price of each Nonstatutory Stock Option shall be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the Date of Grant of the Option.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
.  The exercise price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to an Option shall be paid
 to the extent permitted by applicable statutes and regulations
 either (a)&#160;in cash or by certified or bank check at the time the Option is exercised or (b)&#160;in the discretion of the Administrator
(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;by delivery to the Company of other Common Stock
 duly endorsed for transfer to the Company
 with a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery equal to the exercise price due for the number of shares being acquired
(ii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;during any period when the Common Stock is publicly traded
 by a copy of instructions to a broker directing such broker to sell the Common Stock for which such Option is exercised
(iii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;for Nonstatutory Stock Options only
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 during any period when the Common Stock is publicly traded
 a transaction by a Director or executive officer that involves or may involve a direct or indirect extension of credit or arrangement of an extension of credit by the Company or an Affiliate in violation of Section&#160;402(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (codified as Section&#160;13(k) of the Exchange Act) shall be prohibited with respect to any Award under this Plan.  Unless otherwise specified in the Award Agreement
 payment of the exercise price by a Participant who is an officer
 director or other &#8220;insider&#8221; subject to Section&#160;16(b) of the Exchange Act in the form of a Stock for Stock Exchange is subject to pre-approval by the Administrator
.  The Option may
 but need not
 vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may
 but need not
 be equal.  The Option may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may be exercised (which may be based on performance or other criteria) as the Administrator may deem appropriate.  The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary.  The Administrator in its discretion may provide
 either in the Award Agreement for an Option or by a subsequent determination
.  Unless otherwise specified in an Award Agreement for an Option or in an Optionholder&#8217;s employment agreement
 if the Optionholder&#8217;s Continuous Service terminates (other than upon the Optionholder&#8217;s death or Disability or termination by the Company for Cause)
 the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination)
 but only during the period ending on the earlier of (a)&#160;the date three months following the termination of the Optionholder&#8217;s Continuous Service
 or (b)&#160;the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in its Award Agreement.  To the extent the Option is not exercised within that period
 it shall terminate.  Unless otherwise specified in an Award Agreement for an Option or in an Optionholder&#8217;s employment agreement
 or as otherwise provided in Sections 6.8 and 6.9 of the Plan
 outstanding Options that are not exercisable at the time the Optionholder&#8217;s Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause (including an Optionholder&#8217;s death or Disability) shall be forfeited and expire at the close of business on the date of such termination.  If the Optionholder&#8217;s Continuous Service terminates for Cause
.  Unless otherwise specified in an Award Agreement for an Option or in an Optionholder&#8217;s employment agreement
 if the Optionholder&#8217;s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder&#8217;s Disability
Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination)
 but only during the period ending on the earlier of (a)&#160;the date 12 months following such termination or (b)&#160;the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in its Award Agreement.  To the extent the Option is not exercised within that period
.  Unless otherwise specified in an Award Agreement for an Option or in an Optionholder&#8217;s employment agreement
 if the Optionholder&#8217;s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder&#8217;s death
 then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by the Optionholder&#8217;s estate or by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance
 but only during the period ending on the earlier of (a)&#160;the date 12 months following the date of death or (b)&#160;the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in its Award Agreement.  To the extent the Option is not exercised within that period
Incentive Stock Option $100
.  To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its Affiliates) exceeds $100
000
.  A Restricted Award is an Award of actual shares of Common Stock (so-called &#8220;restricted stock&#8221;) or hypothetical Common Stock units (so-called &#8220;restricted stock units&#8221;) having a value equal to the Fair Market Value of an identical number of shares of Common Stock
 which may
 but need not
 provide that such Restricted Award may not be sold
 assigned
 transferred or otherwise disposed of
 pledged or hypothecated as collateral for a loan or as security for the performance of any obligation or for any other purpose for such period (the &#8220;Restricted Period&#8221;) as the Administrator shall determine.  The terms and conditions of the Restricted Award may change from time to time
 and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Awards need not be identical
 but each Restricted Award shall include (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the provisions of this Section&#160;7.1
.  The purchase price of Restricted Awards
 if any
 shall be determined by the Administrator
 and may be stated as cash
.  The cash consideration
 if any
 for Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Award shall be paid either:  (i)&#160;in cash at the time of purchase; or (ii)&#160;in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Administrator in its discretion including
 without limitation
 property
 a Stock for Stock Exchange
.  Shares of Common Stock acquired under or subject to the Restricted Award may
 but need not
 be subject to a Restricted Period during which such shares or the right to acquire such shares will be forfeited to the Company if the specified restrictions or conditions for the Restricted Award are not satisfied.  The Administrator in its discretion may provide
Award or by a subsequent determination
 for acceleration of the end of the Restricted Period at any time
 in which event all such restrictions and conditions shall lapse or be deemed satisfied
.  Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement for a Restricted Award or in the employment agreement of the Participant holding the Restricted Award
 if the Participant&#8217;s Continuous Service terminates for any reason
 the Participant shall forfeit the unvested portion of a Restricted Award acquired in consideration of prior or future services
.  Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Award shall be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Award Agreement
 as the Administrator shall determine in its discretion
.  Upon the expiration or termination of the Restricted Period and the satisfaction of any other conditions prescribed by the Administrator
 the restrictions applicable to the Restricted Award shall lapse and a stock certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the restrictions have lapsed shall be delivered
 free of any restrictions except those that may be imposed by law
 the terms of the Plan or the terms of a Restricted Award
 to the Participant or the Participant&#8217;s estate
 as the case may be.  The Company shall not be required to deliver any fractional share of Common Stock but will pay
 in lieu thereof
 the Fair Market Value of such fractional share in cash to the Participant or the Participant&#8217;s estate
.  A Performance Award is an Award entitling the recipient to acquire cash
 actual shares of Common Stock or hypothetical Common Stock units having a value equal to the Fair Market Value of an identical number of shares of Common Stock upon the attainment of specified performance goals.  The Administrator may make Performance Awards independent of or in connection with the granting of any other Award under the Plan.  Performance Awards may be granted under the Plan to any Participant
 including those who qualify for awards under other performance plans of the Company.  The Administrator in its sole discretion shall determine whether and to whom Performance Awards shall be made
 the performance goals applicable under each Award
 the periods during which performance is to be measured
 and all other limitations and conditions applicable to the awarded cash or shares.  Performance goals shall be based on a pre-established objective formula or standard that specifies the manner of determining the amount of cash or the number of shares under the Performance Award that will be granted or will vest if the performance goal is attained.  Performance goals will be determined by the Administrator prior to the time 25% of the service period has elapsed and may be based on one or more business criteria that apply to a Participant
 a business unit or the Company and its Affiliates.  Such business criteria may include revenue
 earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (EBITDA)
 funds from operations
 funds from operations per share
 operating income
 pre-tax or after-tax income
 cash available for distribution
distribution per share
 net earnings
 earnings per share
 return on equity
 return on assets
 return on capital
 economic value added
 share price performance
 improvements in the Company&#8217;s attainment of expense levels
 and implementing or completion of critical projects
 or improvement in cash-flow (before or after tax).  A performance goal may be measured over a performance period on a periodic
 annual
 cumulative or average basis and may be established on a corporate-wide basis or established with respect to one or more operating units
 divisions
 subsidiaries
 acquired businesses
 minority investments
 partnerships or joint ventures.  More than one performance goal may be incorporated in a performance objective
 in which case achievement with respect to each performance goal may be assessed individually or in combination with each other.  The Administrator may
 in connection with the establishment of performance goals for a performance period
 establish a matrix setting forth the relationship between performance on two or more performance goals and the amount of the Performance Award payable for that performance period.  The level or levels of performance specified with respect to a performance goal may be established in absolute terms
 as objectives relative to performance in prior periods
 as an objective compared to the performance of one or more comparable companies or an index covering multiple companies
 or otherwise as the Administrator may determine.  Performance goals shall be objective and
 if the Company is publicly traded
 shall otherwise meet the requirements of Section&#160;162(m) of the Code.  Performance goals may differ for Performance Awards granted to any one Participant or to different Participants.  A Performance Award to a Participant who is a Covered Employee shall (unless the Administrator determines otherwise) provide that
 if the Participant&#8217;s Continuous Service terminates prior to the end of the performance period for any reason
 such Award will be payable only (i)&#160;if the applicable performance objectives are achieved and (ii)&#160;to the extent
 if any
 that the Administrator shall determine.  Such objective performance goals are not required to be based on increases in a specific business criteria
.  Performance Awards and all rights with respect to such Performance Awards may not be sold
 assigned
 transferred
.  Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator at any time
.  Following the completion of each performance period
 the Administrator shall certify in writing
 in accordance with the requirements of Section&#160;162(m) of the Code
 whether the performance objectives and other material terms of a Performance Award have been achieved or met.  Unless the Administrator determines otherwise
.  Upon exercise thereof
 the holder of a Stock Appreciation Right shall be entitled to receive from the Company
 an amount equal to the product of (i)&#160;the excess of the Fair Market Value
 on the date of such written request
 of one share of Common Stock over the SAR Exercise Price per share specified in such Stock Appreciation Right
.  The Administrator
 in its sole discretion
 may place other limitations or restrictions on Awards of Stock Appreciation Rights.  These limitations and restrictions shall be included in each Award Agreement
 and may include
 without limitation
 vesting provisions
 a term of exercise
.  During the terms of the Awards
.  Each Award Agreement shall be subject to the condition
 whether or not expressly stated therein
 that no shares of Common Stock shall be issued or sold thereunder unless and until (a)&#160;any then applicable requirements of state and federal laws and regulatory agencies shall have been fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel and (b)&#160;if required to do so by the Company
 the Participant shall have executed and delivered to the Company a letter of investment intent in such form and containing such provisions as the Administrator may require.  The Company shall use reasonable efforts to seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Awards; provided
 however
 that this undertaking shall not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan
 any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award.  If
 after reasonable efforts
 the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan
.  Subject to restrictions included in an Award Agreement to establish compliance with Code Section&#160;409A
.  No Participant shall be deemed to be the holder of
 or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to
 any shares of Common Stock subject to such Award unless and until such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Award pursuant to its terms and no adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary
 whether in cash
 securities or other property) or distributions of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Common Stock certificate is issued
.  Nothing in the Plan or any instrument executed or Award granted pursuant thereto shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or shall affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (a)&#160;the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without Cause or (b)&#160;the service of a Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate
 and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated
Transfer
.  For purposes of the Plan
 no termination of employment by an Employee shall be deemed to result from either (a)&#160;a transfer of employment to the Company from an Affiliate or from the Company to an Affiliate
 or from one Affiliate to another; or (b)&#160;an approved leave of absence for military service or sickness
 or for any other purpose approved by the Company
.  The Company may require a Participant
 as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Award
 (a)&#160;to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant&#8217;s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he or she is capable of evaluating
 alone or together with the purchaser representative
 the merits and risks of exercising the Award; and (b)&#160;to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Award for the Participant&#8217;s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock.  The foregoing requirements
 and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements
 shall be inoperative if (i)&#160;the issuance of the shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act or (ii)&#160;as to any particular requirement
 a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws.  The Company may
 upon advice of counsel to the Company
 place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws
 including
 but not limited to
.  Each Participant must satisfy all federal
 state and local tax withholding obligations relating to the exercise of
 or acquisition of Common Stock under
 an Award.  To the extent permitted by the terms of an Award Agreement or by the Administrator
 in its discretion
 the Participant may satisfy federal
compensation paid to the Participant by the Company) or by a combination of such means:  (a)&#160;tendering a cash payment; (b)&#160;authorizing the Company to withhold shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a result of the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock
 provided
 however
 that no shares of Common Stock may be withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or (c)&#160;delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered shares of Common Stock of the Company.  Unless otherwise specified in an Award Agreement
 payment of the tax withholding by a Participant who is an officer
 director or other &#8220;insider&#8221; subject to Section&#160;16(b) of the Exchange Act by delivering previously owned and unencumbered shares of Common Stock of the Company or in the form of share withholding is subject to pre-approval by the Administrator
.  If any change is made in the Common Stock subject to the Plan
 or subject to any Award
 without the receipt of consideration by the Company (through merger
 consolidation
 reorganization
 recapitalization
 reincorporation
 stock dividend
 dividend in property other than cash
 stock split
 liquidating dividend
 combination of shares
 exchange of shares
 change in corporate structure or other transaction not involving the receipt of consideration by the Company)
 then (a)&#160;the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock or class of shares that may be purchased pursuant to Awards granted hereunder; (b)&#160;the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock or class of shares that may be purchased pursuant to Incentive Stock Options granted hereunder; (c)&#160;the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock or class of shares that may be issued pursuant to Restricted Awards granted hereunder; (d)&#160;the number and/or class of shares of Common Stock covered by outstanding Options and Awards; (e)&#160;the maximum number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which Awards may be granted to any single Optionholder during any calendar year; and (f)&#160;the exercise price of any Award in effect prior to such change shall be proportionately adjusted by the Administrator to reflect any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock or change in the Fair Market Value of such Common Stock resulting from such transaction; provided
 however
 that any fractional shares resulting from the adjustment shall be eliminated.  The Administrator shall make such adjustments
 and its determination shall be final
.  In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company
Change in Control - Asset Sale
 Merger
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event of a Change in Control or any other corporate separation or division (including
 but not limited to
 a split-up
 a split-off or a spin-off)
 merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the Surviving Entity
 or a reverse merger in which the Company is the Surviving Entity
 but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property
 whether in the form of securities
 cash or otherwise
 then the Company
 to the extent permitted by applicable law
 but otherwise in the sole discretion of the Administrator
outstanding Awards and
 if appropriate
 subject to the equitable adjustment provisions of Section&#160;10.1 hereof (Awards continued
 assumed or granted in substitution for outstanding Awards under any of the preceding clauses&#160;(i) through&#160;(iii) will be referred to as &#8220;Continuing Awards&#8221;); (iv)&#160;the cancellation of such outstanding Awards in consideration for a payment equal in value to the fair market value of vested Awards
 or in the case of an Option
 the difference between the Fair Market Value and the exercise price for all shares of Common Stock subject to exercise (i.e.
 to the extent vested) under any outstanding Option; or (v)&#160;the cancellation of such outstanding Awards without payment of any consideration.  If vested Awards will be canceled without consideration
 the Participant shall have the right
 exercisable during the 10-day period ending on the fifth day prior to such Change in Control
 other corporate separation or division
 merger or consolidation or 10 days after the Administrator provides the Award holder a notice of cancellation
 whichever is later
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If there are one or more Continuing Awards following a Change in Control
 and the Continuous Service of a Participant holding one or more Continuing Awards is terminated without Cause within a period of one&#160;year following the consummation of the Change in Control
 or if the Participant voluntarily terminates his or her Continuous Service for Good Reason during such period
 then
 unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement (i)&#160;the vesting and exercisability of all outstanding Options held by the Participant shall accelerate in full; (ii)&#160;the end of the Restricted Period for all outstanding Restricted Awards held by the Participant shall accelerate
 and all restrictions and conditions of the Restricted Awards shall lapse or be deemed satisfied
.  The Board at any time
 and from time to time
 may amend or terminate the Plan.  However
 except as provided in Section&#160;10.1
 no amendment shall be effective unless approved by the shareholders of the Company to the extent shareholder approval is necessary to satisfy any applicable law or any Nasdaq or other securities exchange listing requirements.  At the time of such amendment
 the Board shall determine
 upon advice from counsel
.  The Board may
 in its sole discretion
 submit any other amendment to the Plan for shareholder approval
 including
 but not limited to
.  Rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (a)&#160;the Company requests the consent of the Participant and (b)&#160;the Participant consents in writing.  However
vested Award or
 in the case of an Option
 the difference between the Fair Market Value and the exercise price for all shares of Common Stock subject to the Option
.  The Administrator at any time
 and from time to time
 may amend the terms of any one or more Awards; provided
 however
 that (a)&#160;if any such amendment impairs a Participant&#8217;s rights or increases a Participant&#8217;s obligations under his or her Award or creates or increases a Participant&#8217;s federal income tax liability with respect to an Award
 such amendment shall also be subject to the Participant&#8217;s consent (provided
 however
 a cancellation of an Award where the Participant receives a payment equal in value to the fair market value of the vested Award or
 in the case of vested Options
 the difference between the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to an Option and the exercise price
 shall not constitute an impairment of the Participant&#8217;s rights that requires consent); and (b)&#160;except for adjustments made pursuant to Section&#160;10
 no such amendment shall
 unless approved by the shareholders of the Company (i)&#160;reduce the exercise price of any outstanding Option
 or (ii)&#160;cancel or amend any outstanding Option for the purpose of repricing
.  Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements
.  Upon exercise of
 lapse of restrictions on
 or satisfaction of conditions of a right granted under this Plan
 the Company shall issue Common Stock or pay any amounts due within a reasonable period of time thereafter.  Subject to any statutory or regulatory obligations the Company may otherwise have
 for purposes of this Plan
.  The Award Agreements authorized under the Plan may contain such other provisions not inconsistent with this Plan
 including
 without limitation
 restrictions upon the exercise of the Awards
.  Each Award Agreement shall be subject to the condition
 whether or not expressly stated therein
 that
 in connection with any underwritten public offering by the Company of its equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act
 the Participant shall agree not to sell
 make any short sale of
 loan
 hypothecate
 pledge
 grant any option for the repurchase of
transfer the economic consequences of ownership or otherwise dispose or transfer for value or otherwise agree to engage in any of the foregoing transactions with respect to any Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Company or its underwriters
 for such period of time from and after the effective date of such registration statement as may be requested by the Company or such underwriters (the &#8220;Market Stand-Off&#8221;).  In order to enforce the Market Stand-Off
 the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the shares of Common Stock acquired under this Plan until the end of the applicable stand-off period.  If there is any change in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock by reason of a stock split
 reverse stock split
 stock dividend
 recapitalization
 combination
 reclassification
 dissolution or liquidation of the Company
 any corporate separation or division (including
 but not limited to
 a split-up
 a split-off or a spin-off)
 a merger or consolidation; a reverse merger or similar transaction
 then any new
 substituted or additional securities that are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any shares of Common Stock subject to the Market Stand-Off
 or into which such shares of Common Stock thereby become convertible
.  The Plan was adopted by the Board on March 17
 2010
 and shall become effective as of the date it is approved by a majority of the total votes cast at a meeting of the Company's shareholders duly held in accordance with the requirements of the Washington Business Corporation Act and the Company's Bylaws.   If the shareholders fail to approve the Plan by December 31
 2010
.  The Plan shall terminate automatically on the day before the 10th anniversary of the Effective Date.  No Award shall be granted pursuant to the Plan after such date
.  The law of the State of Washington shall govern all questions concerning the construction
 validity and interpretation of this Plan
 without regard to such state&#8217;s conflict of law rules.














		


REDHOOK ALE BREWERY
C-1&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;-&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;CAMP
 DRESSER.
 MCKEE REPORT DATED MARCH 15
THIS SUBLEASE (Sublease) is made by and between the PEASE DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY as Sublessor (PDA) and REDHOOK ALE BREWERY
A.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;PDA is an agency of the State of New Hampshire established pursuant to RSA ch. 12-G
B.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;PDA anticipates acquiring fee title to the portion of the former Pease Air Force Base comprising the Airport District (the Airport) from the United States of America (Government or Air Force) by public benefit transfer (i.e. transfer without consideration) pursuant to Section 13(g) of the Federal Surplus Property Act of 1944
 50 App. U.S.C. &#167; 1622(g). The terms of such acquisition are set forth in an Amended Application for Public Benefit Transfer executed by PDA (Application) and accepted by the Air Force on April 14
 1992 (the Acceptance). Pending final disposition of the Airport in accordance with the terms of the Application and Acceptance
 PDA and Air Force have entered into a Lease as of April 14
 1992 for the Airport District
 a Supplement No. 1 thereto dated August 4
 1992 and a Supplement No. 2 thereto dated July 15
 1993 (collectively the Master Lease). The Subleased Premises are within the Airport District. The Parties acknowledge that the Application
 Acceptance and Master Lease impose certain requirements on PDA with respect to subleases which are addressed in the terms and conditions of this Sublease. Copies of the Application
 Acceptance and Master Lease are attached to this Sublease as Exhibits 1 and 2. Unless the context refers specifically to the documents constituting Exhibits 1 and 2
 the terms Application
C.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Parties acknowledge that a Federal Facilities Agreement (FFA') required under Section 120 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation and Liability Act of 1980
 as amended
 42 U.S.C. &#167; 9601 et seq.
 has been entered into by the Air Force
 the New Hampshire Department of Environmental Services (NHDES) and the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regarding certain contamination at Pease and that this FFA also imposes certain requirements upon PDA and Redhook which are addressed in the terms and conditions of this Sublease. A copy of the FFA is attached to this Sublease as Exhibit 3. Unless the context refers specifically to the document constituting Exhibit 3
 the term FFA shall include any amendments to said document. (The Application
 Acceptance
D.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Redhook is a Washington corporation. Redhook is registered to do business in the State of Washington
 and New Hampshire with a principal place of business at Seattle
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the covenants herein contained and other valuable consideration
 the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged
PDA
 for and in consideration of the rents and covenants herein specified to be paid and performed by Redhook
 hereby leases to Redhook and Redhook hereby leases from FDA
 the land area consisting of 1
012
This Sublease shad be for a base term equal to the period of the remaining term of the Master Lease (Base Term'') which term shall commence upon the date of execution by both Parties (Term Commencement Date) and shall expire at Noon on April 13
 2047
 unless terminated earlier or extended in accordance with the provisions of this Sublease. Subject to PDA's having renewed the Master Lease or acquired fee title to the Subleased Premises
 Redhook may
 at its option
 extend the Base Term for two (2) additional periods of seven (7) years each (the Extension Term(s)). In no event shall the Base Term and all Extension Terms extend beyond Noon on April 13
 2061. Any extension of the term through exercise of an option shall be upon the same terms and conditions applicable to the Base Term
It is anticipated that PDA will acquire fee title to the Airport
 including the Subleased Premises
 during the term of this Sublease and that such acquisition will result in the termination of the Master Lease. In the event of such acquisition and termination of the Master Lease
 this Sublease shall convert automatically into a direct lease between PDA and Redhook and PDA and Redhook will in good faith negotiate and execute such amendment or amendments as may be appropriate in their mutual judgement to delete any obligations between Redhook and the United States or the Air Force or any other provisions of this Sublease that the Parties determine should be deleted or otherwise amended because of the termination of the Master Lease
 provided
 however
As a condition precedent to the exercise by Redhook of any of its options to extend the term of this Sublease
The options to extend the term hereby granted may not be exercised at any time during which Redhook is in Default (as defined in Section 18.1) and
 at the election of PDA
 shall not be effective if any Default (as defined in Section 18.1) occurs after the exercise of such option and before the expiration of the applicable term
Thirty cents ($0.30) per square foot of developed area
 as indicated on Exhibit C
 for the 348
480 square feet of developed area. (As of the Term Commencement Date
 the developed area rent is One Hundred Four Thousand Five Hundred Forty-Four Dollars ($104
Twenty-two cents ($0.22) per square foot for the open space area
 as indicated on Exhibit C
 for the 663
746 square feet of open space area. (As of the Term Commencement Date
 the open space area rent is One Hundred Forty-Six Thousand Twenty Four Dollars and Twelve Cents ($146
In the event Redhook utilizes any of the open space area for development
 including any landscaping or open space required to meet requirements under the PDA Land Use Controls
In consideration of the construction of Redhook Improvements
 as described in Article 2A
 no Area Rent under Section 4.1 nor municipal services fee under Section 4.7 shall be payable until the earlier of commencement of occupancy of the Facility or September 30
 1996
 provided
 however
 that in the event commencement of occupancy cannot occur by September 30
 1996 solely as the result of delay caused by judicial order preventing Redhook from proceeding with its construction activities or PDA from providing Redhook with any necessary PDA approvals
 or by the failure of PDA to perform any of its obligations within the time specified for such performance
 the commencement date for Area Rent and the municipal services fee shall be extended by a time period equal to the period of actual delay. The annual Area Rent shall be payable in each case in equal monthly installments of one twelfth thereof in advance on the first day of each month without offset in lawful money of the United States at the office of PDA at the Airport or at such other address as PDA may hereafter designate. In addition
 Redhook agrees to pay when due
As of each Adjustment Date (as hereinafter defined)
On the first day following expiration of the tenth year of the term of this Sublease and on the first day of each subsequent fifth year period (individually
collectively
The Area Rent and all other rent
 additional rent
 or other fees or payments payable hereunder shall be net to PDA
 free and clear of any and all Impositions (as defined in Section 5.1)
 or expenses of any nature whatsoever in connection with the Premises. The Parties agree that
 except as expressly provided herein
 all costs
 expenses and charges of every kind and nature relating to the Subleased Premises which may be attributed to
 or become due during the initial or any extension term of this Sublease
 shall constitute additional rent to be paid by Redhook and
 upon failure of Redhook to pay any such costs
 expenses or charges
 PDA shall have the same rights and remedies as otherwise provided in this Sublease for the failure of Redhook to pay rent. It is the intention of the Parties that Redhook shall in no event be entitled to any abatement or reduction in rent payable hereunder
In addition to the Area Rent required to be paid under this Article 4 Redhook shall also pay to PDA as additional rent a municipal services fee of $1.00 per square foot of building area per year (i.e. square feet of floor space within buildings measured from the outside edge of outside walls) within any building on the Subleased Premises
 as the same may be adjusted through additions from time to time. This fee is for fire
 police and roadway services provided by PDA at the Airport and will be subject to increases each year (beginning January 1
 1998) only to the extent the cost to PDA of providing such services increases. The municipal services fee shall be paid quarterly in advance at the times and in the fashion provided in Section 4.2 for the payment of Area Rent. To the extent the Subleased Premises are subject to municipal taxation
 and provided such municipal taxes include the costs of the provision of fire
 police and roadway services
 Redhook may offset against any fee paid to PDA the portion of such municipal taxes as are attributable to fire
 police and roadway services
 and FDA shall have no further obligation to provide such services. For so long as municipal taxes are imposed against the Subleased Premises
 or on Redhook as Sublessee
 for all three of fire
 police and roadway services and PDA either has no obligation to provide such services (or ceases to provide such services)
Any municipal taxes imposed for tire
 police
During the term of this Sublease
 Redhook shall pay when due
 all taxes
 charges
 excises
 license and permit fees
 assessments
 and other governmental charges
 general and special
 ordinary and extraordinary
 unforeseen
 as well as foreseen
 of any kind and nature whatsoever
 which during the term of this Sublease are assessed or imposed upon or become due and payable or a lien upon: (i) the Subleased Premises or any part thereof or any personal property
 equipment or other facility used in the operation thereof; or (ii) the rent or income received from subtenants or licensees; or (iii) any use or occupancy of the Subleased Premises; or (iv) this transaction or any document to which Redhook is a party creating or transferring an estate or interest in the Subleased Premises (all of which taxes
 charges
 excises
 fees
 assessments and other governmental charges are hereinafter collectively referred to as Impositions). If
 by law
 any such Imposition is payable
 or may at the option of Redhook be paid in installments. Redhook may pay the same together with any accrued interest on the unpaid balance of such Imposition in installments as the same respectively become due and before any fine
 penalty
 interest or cost may be added thereto for the nonpayment of any such installment and interest_ Any Imposition relating to a fiscal period of the taxing authority a part of which period is included prior to the commencement of the term of this Sublease
Redhook covenants to furnish to PDA within fourteen (14) days of receipt of a written request from PDA
 official receipts of the appropriate taxing authority
 or other proof satisfactory to PDA
Redhook shall have the right before any delinquency occurs to contest or object to the amount or validity of any such Imposition by appropriate legal proceedings. This right shall not be deemed or construed in any way as relieving
 modifying or extending Redhook's covenant to pay any such Imposition at the time and in the manner in this Article
 unless Redhook shall have obtained a stay of such proceedings. PDA shall not be required to join in any such proceedings unless it shall be necessary for it to do so in order to prosecute such proceedings and PDA shall have been fully indemnified to its satisfaction against all costs and expenses in connection therewith_ PDA shall not be subjected to any liability for the payment of any costs or expenses (including attorneys' and expert witness fees) in connection with any such proceedings brought by Redhook
As between the Parties
 Redhook alone shall have the duty of attending to
 making or filing any declaration
 statement or report which may be provided or required by law as the basis of or in connection with the determination
 equalization
 reduction or payment of any and every Imposition which is to be borne or paid or which may become payable by Redhook under the provisions of this Article
 and PDA shall not be or become responsible to Redhook therefor
 nor for the contents of any such declaration
Subject to the provisions of Sections 6.2 and 6.3
 upon the expiration or termination of this Sublease Redhook shall surrender to ADA the Subleased Premises
 including all buildings
 improvements and alterations to the real property on the Subleased Premises whether leased to or otherwise owned by Redhook
 broom clean and in good order
 condition and repair
 reasonable wear and tear excepted
 together with all alterations
 decorations
 additions and improvements that may have been made in
 to or on the Subleased Premises
 except that Redhook shall be allowed to remove its equipment and other personal property or any improvements made by Redhook at its sole expense and shall repair or reimburse FDA for the cost of repairs for any damage to the Facility or Subleased Premises resulting from the removal of such property
 Redhook shall make any required reimbursement within thirty (30) days following receipt by Redhook of an invoice from PDA. Redhook shall comply with PDA' s reasonable requirements regarding the appearance of the Subleased Premises after removal of any building improvement or other property. The Subleased Premises
 including any remaining buildings and improvements thereon remaining at PDA's request
 shall be delivered free and clear of all subtenancies
 liens and encumbrances
 other than those
 if any
 permitted hereby or otherwise created or consented to by PDA
 and
 if requested to do so. Redhook shall execute
 acknowledge and deliver to PDA such instruments of further assurance as in the opinion of PDA are necessary or desirable to confirm or perfect PDA's right
 title and interest in and to the Subleased Premises including said buildings and improvements. On or before the end of the expiration or termination of the Sublease
 Redhook shall remove all of Redhook's personal and other property allowed to be removed hereunder
Redhook shall have the right to remove all buildings and related improvements (e.g.
 holding tanks) on the Subleased Premises constructed by Redhook at its sole expense. subject to the following conditions: (i) in the event of the expiration of the Term
 including any applicable extensions
 Redhook shall have provided PDA with written notice
 six (6) months prior to the Term expiration date
 of Redhook's intent to remove the buildings and related improvements and shall complete the removal on or prior to the Term expiration date; (ii) in the event of a termination by Redhook of the Sublease as a result of a default by PDA
 Redhook shall have provided PDA with notice of Redhook's intent to remove the buildings and related improvements within twenty-one (21) days of the date of exercise by Redhook of the right to terminate and shall complete the removal within ninety (90) days following its termination of the Sublease; (iii) in the event of a termination by PDA as a result of a Default (as defined in Section 18.1) by Redhook
 PDA provides its consent to the removal of the buildings and related improvements
 which consent may be withheld by FDA in its sole discretion; (iv) Redhook returns the surface area upon which all such buildings and related improvements were sited to grade
 which obligation shall include
 without limitation
with a level of support at least equal to the level of support provided by soil conditions as of the Term Commencement Date; (v) Redhook leaves the Subleased Premises in a clean and safe condition
The provisions of Articles 15 and 25 applicable to construction and demolition work
 as the case may be
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Sublease
 in the event of a termination of this Sublease by PDA as a result of a Default (as defined in Section 18.1) by Redhook
 Redhook shall remove any building and related improvements (e.g.

.  Redhook shall bear all risk of loss or damage to the Subleased Premises
 including any building(s)
 improvements
 fixtures or other property thereon
.  During the entire period this Sublease shall be in effect
Property insurance coverage against loss or damage by fire and lightning and against loss or damage or other risks embraced by coverage of the type now known as the broad form of extended coverage (including but not limited to riot and civil commotion
 vandalism
 and malicious mischief and earthquake) in an amount not less than 100% of the full replacement value of the buildings
 building improvements
 improvements to the land
 and personal property on the Subleased Premises. The policies of insurance carried in accordance with this Section shall contain a Replacement Cost Endorsement. Such full replacement cost shall be determined from time to time
 upon the written request of PDA
 but not more frequently than once in any twenty-four (24) consecutive calendar month period (except in the event of substantial changes or alterations to the Premises undertaken by Redhook as permitted under the provisions hereof) by written agreement of PDA and Redhook
 or if they cannot agree within thirty (30) days of such request
 by an insurance consultant
 appraiser
 architect or contractor who shall be mutually and reasonably acceptable to PDA and Redhook. Any such determination by a third party shall be subject to approval by PDA and Redhook
Comprehensive general liability insurance
 including but not limited to liquor liability and products and completed operations liability insurance
 on an occurrence basis against claims for personal injury
 including without limitation
 bodily injury
 death or property damage
 occurring upon
 in or about the Subleased Premises including any buildings thereon and the adjoining sidewalks
 streets
 and passageways
 such insurance to afford immediate minimum protection at the time of the Term Commencement Date
 and at all times during the term of this Sublease
 to a limit of not less than five million dollars ($5
000
000.00) with respect to damage to property and five million dollars ($5
000
000.00) with respect to personal injury or death to any one or more persons and with no deductible or such deductible amount as may be approved by PDA. Such insurance shall also include coverage against liability for bodily injury or property damage arising out of the acts or omissions by or on behalf of Redhook. or any other person or organization
any owned
 non-owned
Workers' compensation and employer's liability insurance in an amount and form which meets all applicable requirements of the labor laws of the State of New Hampshire
 as amended from time to time
Automobile liability insurance in amounts approved from time to time by PDA
 but not less than one million dollars ($1
000
000) combined single limit for owned
Bailment insurance for customer and/or employee vehicles in the care
 custody
 and control of Redhook
 in amounts approved from time to time by PDA to a limit of not less than One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1
500
All policies of insurance required to be carried under this Article shall be effected under valid and enforceable policies
 in such forms and amounts as may
 from time to time
 be required under this Sublease
 issued by insurers of recognized responsibility which are authorized to transact such insurance coverage in the State of New Hampshire
 and which have been approved in writing by PDA
 which approval shall not be withheld unreasonably. All such policies of insurance shall include PDA and the United States of America as additional insureds. Upon the execution of this Sublease (and thereafter not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the expiration date of each policy furnished pursuant to this Article) a copy of such policy and a certificate of the insurer
Each such policy or certificate therefor issued by the insurer shall to the extent obtainable contain (i) a provision that no act or omission of Redhook
 or any employee
 officer or agent of Redhook
 which would otherwise result in forfeiture or reduction of the insurance therein provided shall affect or limit the obligation of the insurance company to pay the amount of any loss sustained
All policies of insurance required to be maintained by Redhook shall have attached thereto the Lender's Loss Payable Endorsement
 or its equivalent
 or a loss payable clause acceptable to PDA
 for the benefit of any Subleasehold Mortgagee
standing reasonably satisfactory to PDA shall be willing to write or to continue such insurance. Redhook shall
 in the event of any violations or attempted violations of the provisions of this Section 7.6 by a subtenant
 take steps
 immediately upon knowledge of such violation or attempted violation
Any insurance provided for in this Sublease may be effected by a policy or policies of blanket insurance or may be continued in such form until otherwise required by PDA; provided
 however
 that the amount of the total insurance allocated to the Subleased Premises shall be such as to furnish in protection the equivalent of separate policies in the amounts herein required
 and provided further that in all other respects
The Parties acknowledge that Redhook's ability to obtain insurance coverage to the extent required under this Sublease and correlative provisions of the Master Lease
 is dependent upon the availability of such insurance from insurance providers. In the event any insurance coverage required under this Sublease is commercially unreasonable the Parties will confer for the purpose of adjusting such coverage consistent with the prevailing insurance market conditions and will mutually cooperate to obtain the acknowledgement of the Air Force that affected provisions of the Master Lease cannot be complied with due to market conditions
 thereby relieving FDA and Redhook of any obligation to comply with such requirements. Any such adjustment
 however
 shall be in effect only during the period when insurance market conditions dictate such change and shall not result in a permanent amendment of Redhook's obligations unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties
 and
 to the extent applicable
If Redhook shall at any time fail to pay when due any Imposition or other charge or to pay for or maintain any of the insurance policies required under Article 7
 or to make any other payment or perform any other act on Redhook's part required by this Sublease
 then FDA
 after ten (10) days written notice to Redhook (or
 in case of any emergency
 without notice
 or with such notice as may be reasonable under the circumstances) and without waiving or releasing Redhook from any obligation of Redhook hereunder
pay such Imposition or other charge
pay for and maintain such insurance policies
make such other payment or perform such other act on Redhook's part to be made or performed as provided in this Sublease
The permitted purposes for which Redhook may use the Subleased Premises are construction
 development and operation of: (i) a brewery and regional corporate headquarters with office
 warehousing
 and other customary accessory uses incidental to a brewery; and (ii) restaurant
 pub
 and other customary accessory uses to a restaurant and pub but only to the extent permitted under PDA Land Use Controls as defined in Section 9.3 and subject to the requirement that Redhook continue to operate the brewery as the primary use. Redhook shall not use
 or permit to be used
Redhook recognizes that the uses authorized in Section 9.1 are not granted on an exclusive basis and that PDA may enter into subleases or other agreements with other tenants or users at areas of the Airport other than the Subleased Premises for similar
 identical
Redhook agrees that it will keep the Premises in a neat
 clean and orderly condition and shall be responsible for trash removal in accordance the provisions of Chapters 300 through 500 of the Pease Development Authority Zoning Requirements
As used in this Sublease, the term Hazardous Substances means any hazardous or toxic substance, material or waste, oil or petroleum product, which is or becomes regulated by any local governmental authority, the State of New Hampshire or the United States Government. The term Hazardous Substances includes, without limitation, any material or substance which is (i) defined as a hazardous waste



61A+6%D
S$M9#





M860S
2UD
S-D-S4Q.#)F

M+F-O;2]X87 O


#
M
394
3 Z
M-# Z-#$N-#

O96QE;65N='
O
2XQ+R(^/&1C.F-R96%T;W(^/')D9CI397$@







M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @


M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BK_P  1   .H# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#Z1HHHH **


H4 ?B#W-:'AO79_#7B*UU6W!;R6Q)&#







M\\D1M=142-EQSD 9!!].U7/AKXJ_P$8\3!+N7;I]YB*?GA&_A?\#P3Z'VJ



M2:HC!DS'#(QYEB7A6/\ +WQGO6-8J)?V@]2+KN\K3E*$C.TD1]/3J:].51N*

M+7=U% ;FXMS







0HW!(/!]Q7-S_%;PU;RS([7I\B


'YX*]1C!
MZU%HGQ&\.Z]J2:?:7
L5U(




M;P\_*P^8@9QS7DZT9M
^H]S%4HS3L]_1GIT1\



UC^V9?&$-]+#$R(

MK0J;@ 
?3TJ)5.:/*E9&M.AR3=24FWL
VA1\N.1S@5T/@KPG-XO\0):+E+2+

1J<\<19R?+4(I 7T
M ST%0E!K;?0UE*M&5W+:S_0G@\)/#\1)O$YO%99+06PM_+P01CYMV?;TJ*+P
M8T?C'6M<-ZK+JEI]F$/E?ZOY5&<YY^[ZN&LM8OK^R\
VFHW6NW
$FE27
@T
MMV





MIV9HO+SYH..


_T_P :ZCP9
63T]$%%%%:G.%
M%%% !1110!4U33+76-+N-/OX_
@N$*./3W'H1U!KYO\ $&BW_A[4Y])O1O\
M(;='(5QYJ'HP/I_4&OINN$^*WA?^V_#?]H6B$WNF@R*%'
D?\:_ID?3WKFQ%

9/<2+'&OJ2: V5V=O\*?0UW7_ .T[M
V&G

M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!\^?$_PE'X9\0BXLD86-^6D0;0%B?/*#'YCZ
MX[5Q/%?3WB_P[%XH\



-EFLBX*I_$__
<^_#3^*O$]O8 ,+=3YMTX_AC'49]3T'U]J^EXHD@A2*%0D<:A5
M4= !P!6F%I7?.S#,\3RQ]E'=[^@^BBBO2/G@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

' **** /_V0$!
end







begin 644 chart-1b15e7d80a31530eb2c.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MKS'XO_%SP;\$/ USX_\ '5U=V^CQZ_X*\(Z?;:?:B]U37/&'Q(\::!\.O 'A






M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB







^HH _$']C^_\1Z=_P5O_ .F'P _

MKUNXTN\\42:+I#:RUK




M6O\ Y8UO44 8/_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\ -Z7



6&5@+[*Q2




\D


MW%_W5_D*=0!@_P#-Z7Z7W_@XUK_ .6-'_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8UO44 8/_-Z
M7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\ -Z7Z7W_ (.-:_\ EC6]10!@_P#-Z7Z7W_@XUK_ .6-
M'_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8UO44 8/_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\ -Z7Z7W_ (.-:_\
HH P?^$;TOTOO_!QK7_RQK:AB2*.&/=LB18TW.\

M BBB@ HHHH _#S]E#_E.A_P5I_[-B_X)M?^F3X[5^X=?AY^RA_RG0_X*T_]
MFQ?\$VO_ $R?':OW#H **** BBB@#E/!?\ R E_[OB/_U)=8KJZY3P7_R
ME_[OB/_ -276*ZN@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *Y34/^1Q\-?\ 8(\4_P#H
MWPW75URFH?\ (X^&O^P1XI_]&^&Z .KHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;C



M^0IU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5R.E_\C=XI_[!_A?_ -%ZU775R.E_\C=X
MI_[!_A?_ -%ZU0!UU%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4




CI]IE@0EQXD-=_:K^

M#X



M%8&+]1_AA^S5\*_A9K$_CPTW5?&'Q
O[46FK?%OXE:W?\ CSXG:G!M=)+9


T#PIK&HMXPT74O DUE;3VOCBUD\+W&J8_-+]BS




'X6
M_/PYXG^&WP@N-+^-WP@TCX4#Q7_ ,$D/A#\!_A-\'_ND:W?^%]-^(_@^\^

)?A;\<;GQGK%MJ:6.A7NE^)[[4%AE\5V;:\ ?OK13
M4SMY]6([?*6)48[84@8[8KS_ .(GASQUXDTVQMO ?Q_X5WJ$%\9[S4O^$0T




I-E_\ '*YF^L=8

'?E#N/S+LVCAC0!Z-17/_ -G:W_T'


MDV7_ 

M0_\ TV6M-GT_6A!


I-

M[I

M0
OUVX.SIA

M6




+GHLW



M(Z7_ 




MR?':OW#H **** BBB@#E/!?_(7_L*^(_\ U)=8KJZY3P7_ 
@)?^PKXC_]

MU87@[_D4?W_ &+FA_\ ILM:W;C_ (]Y_P#KC+_Z U87@[_D4?W_8N:'_Z;

M%8O%5ZLE&G0PV&H0J5J]:I)J











MWXEU5U=A+JNOZCJ6HRY/F7+5Z5117Q^.QV.S/%U\?F6
Q688[%3=3$XW'8BM
MB\7B*C23J5\17G4K59M))SJ3E*R2OH?88' 8'*\)0R_+
%A
NP&%@J6&P6!P
M]'83#TTVU3H8:AG1I03;?+3A&-VW:[84445RG6%%%% !7(Z7_R-WBG_L'^
M%_\ T7K5==7(Z7_R-WBG_L'^%_\ T7K5 '74444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M!+_V%?$?_J2ZQ75URG@O_D!+_P!A7Q'_ .I+K%=70 4444 %%%% !1110 44

MXA%(99+:5(EC=I&0*2.\Z=:_GT^.G[(_P 5OVE/^C/C;XN_!KQ]X=TZT^#



MKA)8:K4I1Q&'J1J4L3@\=A*CDJ6-R['X6I6P698LX2]ACL!B,1A*_+)TJTT
MFS[?)L\RK/\ /&95BXXFG3JRP^)I2A5P^
P.+IJ
JN!S' 8JG0QV6X^@IP]


M3?\ I[@KKZ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K\NO^B_P .-#_:@G^%_PRW;7%

M
\4331Z]KK

M3BT;PKX
T#5?$OB#4Y06%



L[SC%U

4Y6C&
4DOO




K%2#0!+132P !^8@G'RJ




MGA37;R/6/'6H:7X]\9_%#Q(H4R^)_BCXWU;0O$WCW6Y9A\\\4OB#4+NSTUI6
M=X-%L=

MIWP



M+W:D%F6#R_AN*FO;8/&\-YS&G+V..ESY/Q+^%?P]^
/ABX\'?$GPKIGBK0)Y

M/]I^/_[
A(U'_A*OVG_@1;$
=5AB34_VD_AI8'*
=2L+:*WM_CSX:T\+&SWN


YX6PN98N.;

M&^TC6=/E/D:GHFK6MEJ^F7*O;:A96TZ-&.YKY=^(G[-5I?\ BJ^^+/P5\43_

M[&3'GX8?$[BLD76[O:MQ_PKGQE;Z%XZM4N%CL;+Q#:PMJLGH8CA;9M0K9E

*/$.6X:G&I.KG&34HSHT*%7&9


M]Y_^N


/$WQ
W+<NQN;YA@<JRZA/%9AF6+P^!P6&ARJ=?%8JKA0I1<G&
M
74JSC'FG*
(WYI244VN+

?[0


MC



M'8:LU*ME&74Z;IY'PXY)RC'^QL!/_;84:DL+5S_&9YF.&Y89@T=(GW%_W5_D




M2I1G5JSA3A.2W_CA\;_AO^SQ\.-=^*?Q4U]- \+:%]FA'E03:AK.NZS?S+;:
M+X5\+:):+)J/B/Q7XBOVCTW0/#^EPSW^I7LR1QQK$LTT7\W_ /P3X_9%_P



RR+)Z53+LVRNCE7A
MUB
#CL!]=QF4PSK
&H9%EE?)<JI9]Q-UPZ#/7 S2T45]R
M?R\%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'S/^U[X'^(/Q)^ ?C#P5
M\*?B+H'PS^(VL:AX


MXF__P-/PXU?X5Z7\$K;XP?LYVWQ9\:2^$[[Q1J/P'\#ZM\/?$GPNUKX7^


M:3J-N8K[2]3M+74+XM[RVAF3YF\3?L!?L:^,_AKX.^$'BW]G7X:^)OAQXO
MX]7\

MX#Z$^N:I9-8?##Q7;?L=RV7@V/P_'



GQVK]PZ 

C?^#V^_P#F<K-\%_\ (7_ +OB/\ ]276*ZN@
M#&\_Q#_T]&_\'M]_P#,Y1Y_B'_H%Z-_X/;[_P9RMFB@#&\_P 0_P#0+T;_
M 
'M]_\ 



OB7XQ


/2S&56EDN I
M8C..(



UE2O/#Y






_T
M%\*_C7X;^-&A7&O_  ]O=#U:'3;Z32?$&D7NHZUH?BKPCKL!(N?#OC/PGJ_A

MN:S\(_C=IEI%::1\7? RVL6M75E:_-:^'_'FAWB/X?\ B9X




'M]_\ 
Y1Y

?'7PV;

M'215=&5T=0RLI#*RL


?_KC+_Z U87@[_D4?W_ &+F
MA_\ ILM: +7G^(?^@7HW_@]OO_F<H\_Q#_T]&_\'M]_\SE;-% &-Y_B'_H%


MW_A-HS_9VD^;_P (M
-G]M7GE[/[9@.[S/[ W;]V!L\K&WYO
S\AZSS_ !#_


MQJ6D(NIZF)1H\T=_;?!#PEK$FC6RO9P-9?$'Q7JKI
]]X8 M_9OVG?BOKWPR
M^']MIOP_@M=3^

2.J'3[C<R1MH$2NP&2J&2,,< NH.1WM<SXT_P1/\5?]B[K7_INN*^
M/T$MI/XAVK_Q*]&^Z/\ F.WWH/\ J7*=Y_B'_H%Z-_X/;[_YG*UT^XO^ZO\
M(4Z@#&\_Q#_T]&_\'M]_P#,Y1Y_B'_H%Z-_X/;[_P9RMFB@#&\_P 0_P#0
M+T;_ 
'M]_\ 






R&-#
B)*4




M8=4N?%OQ@:WF9'T[]GSX:WVE:CXUL+I[:5;RU'Q+\0WGACX96K;5CN].USQ

Y)7*:A_R./AK_ +!'BG_T;X;KJZY34/\ D<?#7_8(

L@S6E/%9/F$J:E&%6K




M#3E6X+S*M3JYVI*W



_Y]O_U]NII:^0?VK_%GB'5K'PA^SA\.-6N=)^)7[0MYJ7AZ;7M-







HHUG.I@\FP.7X%SDL-%A7
^-


HN7FACUSQ@

MC&U_9I_9F\/Z9\3?VJO%6B-JXT[4+C;\/O@9X0N72U7XK_'/5+9S+I&@PR2E



)B
MJ5/$Y+PE2KU*7MZ6'S?/JV99Q1P#RDHHHKW3\LN1TO_ )&[Q3_V#___HO6
O?M]_&G6_$6LZ[\'?/C/P5-:Z


-)^'6FZ=\4/&.GZ=\-[+7/#+RZ$
MZ^ K.UA\+7&DZ9*]EX8O-

M[?WAWQ#\5OC#\5M'_:^+/PY_;W^!/AV'XY?LZV_BGQK'\-?7PR\?%_P.
M$J?L[VEK9Z7\










MAG.T%B




?G&-A&4(8_/
TQ-;
L[
*?\ T;X;KJZY
M34/^1Q\-?]@CQ3_Z-\-U\\?1G5T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %13P074




MO@C5K1KJ\U+P?'):SZDO3?\ !




ON%?CN:Y5F.1YCC
I

Z56$*D)1111


TVUEO=
M0O[R=R$AM;*T@FN;B5R%CBB=B0!7R'^ROI&J?$74_&?[6OC*PN;+6OC9!IVF



M/N+_ +J_R%.H *0D 9/^



)PJ8
QH8O$X;=^*'Q[^)/[2_CWQ%^S5^QMKZZ'I_A?4[;1



ORRK3K/


M[=XOS;#TJF'I\3\8U\/*5&OCXTJV(ADN28:I4R;A/!8O$X/+/K68X[/L_P ^

MBU\7?B6_B?7_ (::KHG@N;Q3J\:_!#X/.]A%I]KJ$/Q/CO)CI$?W?^ROX2^$

M2-

Z







$SQBY5J]A^&GAOP[\*/A_X-^&WA#PWK
MECX:\#^&](\
:- =

M[W /_5_@O




M .T_P#Q^O@C[\WZY34/^1Q\-?\ 8(\4_P#HWPW5S^W3_P! ?7?_  6G_P/

.V?E9T&#NR #T6BL#^W
M3_T!]=_\%I_^/T?VZ?\ H#Z[_PT_\ Q^@#?HK _MT_] ?7?_!:?_C]']NG
M_H#Z[_X+3_\ 'Z -^BL#^W3_ - ?7?\ P6G_ ./T?VZ?^@/KO_@M/_Q^@#?H
MK _MT_\ 0'UW_P %I_\ C]']NG_H#Z[_ .T_P#Q^@#?HK _MT_] ?7?_!:?
M_C]']NG_ * ^N_\ @M/_ ,?H V;C_CWG_PN
O\ Z U87@__ )%'PM_V+FB?





[V.G?%3P
MQ S7/P]\:31K
XB?PMK4MYI5]!';_IF59C@.-




MK4:M-RA.$XM---]G9IHWZ*P/[=/_ $!]=_\ !:?_ (_1_;I_Z ^N_P#@M/\
M\?KC.TWZ*P/[=/\ T!]=_P#!:?\ X_1_;I_Z ^N_^T__'Z -^BL#^W3_P!
M?7?_  6G_P/T?VZ?^@/KO\ X+3_ /'Z 


;B


KA2RJ-*KQ#G6+I9)PY0K1=2C/-L73K

2O
MBA9I;?&SX[Z\/B3\3K?*RMX9-Q90V'@GX86EQY22'2OA=X
@TOPLD1DFAGU^
M+Q)K43E]9E9OJ*L :Z1P-'UW'OIIS]2?/Y)ZD]SS1_;I_P@/KO_ (+3_P#'
MZ\[/LYQ7$&;X[.,7E2JXVJI0PV'C*&$P.%HTX8? Y=@J4I3=' 9;@J.'P&
MP_




M






M(

'OT5@?VZ?\ H#Z[_PT_\ Q^C^W3_T!]=_\%I_^/UZ
MQ\$;]%8']NG_ * ^N_\ @M/_ 
?H_MT_] ?7?_!:?_C] &_16!_;I_Z ^N_^

M $!]=_\ !:?_ (_7+:;K)7Q5XED_LG6SOL/#8V#3OG78FL#+KY_RJV[Y3DY*
ML.

M[_X+3_\ 'Z/[=/\ T!]=_P#!:?\ X_0!OT5@?VZ?^@/KO_@M/_Q^MN*3S8HY


M\0Z)%\-/C/'+HWB3PKXAU3PQXDTZ.Z\/_#V^TB5[+7=
U&!=0TC4+NRNC&+Z



M4_S_P *OVSOVA=0U#XL?#_]O#7OV8? D7B#Q9I7PZ^/PI_9V^ WCCP[I^G






#T'Y
MEHH Y/P8!_82\#_ )OB/M_U


U6
M[)6.VD=?2R?*L9GN:Y=DV7TXU




O%U^97DE
09%A
/D'#SE!T?

MP/0?D*6BODSZX3 ]!^0KE+\#_A

MI_\ 1OAN@#JL#T'YC ]!^0I:* $P/0?D*,#T'YEHH 3 ]!^0HP/0?D*6B@
M!
#T'YC ]!^0I:* $P/0?D*,#T'YEHH @N /L\_ _U

\D?[(+?^@@USGB+QCX2\(V

IR?E%-G




7C?Q=X/UF6Z@T[Q/XV^)WP9^'^F-

PF8TO$#@[
M
Z=7UZ4:U&O#9+G69YE4A5I3C.'L\#.4HM-1/K3 ]!^0IN4SC*9/09&3^%


M5Y$N5B;G47DS&09#'/=)/RO'8V5U3R;&1=URRQ.(RVG2:=M6Z&-Q5:/I[!M=

^&\CRZIU2DLUC!NS4W%W

MLR^7JNKVLA8 $E0A;@\9QGR!_P!A_P#9LOI4N/$_@C6OB%.#NED^*GQ
^*OQ
M36X;^]/:^/\ QMXAL)


+Z7P'IOCJ_^&
WQLT?Q]IOB3PM
\+:GJNKZ1<1P+-;:=I-U?7=Q'






?]%O


MQS9:'J

M(+.2]



MU?B7_H;9'_XCV/\ _HG#^UO!?_H@?$__ 
6[PKY?]63]?ZV^!/\ AY_^PQ_T

M^'=QHNF:CH.LSOXEDU7QOX#M]
OH+2\M+.P?2[64ZA*^HQW
2FWMKED_97 ]


[V[2*CKPYGA.
ZF Q

LSK(:6/
ME3MAJD\CQ=&


Q#=5P?)A^*LDGIS?7%%.



8SCUYK


85\_P ?3A0Q/$.;5\PS+

V

1
#T'YC ]!^0I:* $P/0?D*,#T
M'YEHH 3 ]!^0HP/0?D*6B@!
#T'YN1TL#_ (2[Q1P/^0?X7[?],]:KKZY'
M2_\ D;O%/_8/\+_^B]:H ZW ]!^0HP/0?D*6B@!,#T'YC ]!^0I:* $P/0?


%+_P!MO]CC4?VQ_$?@




M@ HHHH Y3P7_ 
@)?^PKXC_]276*ZNN4\%_\@)?^PKXC_P#4EUBNKH ****

MXCNI(M-\*>$].$

HXK@WARZM)U\?A(2XKS&D]8SCEO#V

MJ'_(X^&O^P1XI_\ 1OANNKKE-0_Y''PU_P!@CQ3_ .C?#= '5T444 %%%% !
O7B7XW:C'
%WO!?ZE\/

Z_P#J]P]G.=1PJ3Q=7+



M?%^XA!W@367Q'T1Y/DD$





\C




M\F97





M&X7&8ZGS26'QE&








MDM[NTN8X;NQNX9[.\@ANH)HDZVOS+$X;$8/$5\)BZ%;XOUJN&Q.%Q-*=#$


P]#%X2O1Q6%Q5
M&EB


MSCB#%RJKAW(JM.2Y:]#%8C#8C
LTP[E2E7X?R?.H4:L
3[!2^'XSQN*KPR_A

/*4
1DW#V$5%\1Y]2J1]ZCB
+A\5A\LRK$*-6-#B'.
MEG7HU
*L0X?37PG^&?AGX.?#CP=\

)+V_DCWSZAK.


M37QF

+PF PU;&8[%8?!83#P
M=2OBL76IX?#T*:WG6KUI0I4H*ZO*<HQ75D3J0I0E4J3A3IP5Y3G)0A%+=RE)
MJ,5YMI'345\]GX_6_B$&/X4_#SX@_% R+((-:L=%_P$.\$


M!5





M#2/%.2%)'

M=1MM)T71=
A^Z^/@=B_&/'YU'%


M?%PDE^/'Q=^/'[0+W1:2\T/QK\1KWP=\.Y+@LY8)\+?@]!\.O!-U8JKM%#9:




MQ


M%C&(;+2](L;73--M(1TBMKQAM[2

#15VHT



MT(5;15#ZA\2OAW9B.VO[:.?Q#H
4-W#/#!]Z^$_%GAOQUX:T/QCX/UK3_$7A

MU5D8%65@&5E(P0RD$$$$@@@@@D$$&OS
\1ZO\5/ASIUYK7[(?B7
M5Y-9^
?PGTN&6ZO?@)JNK7BG5?B_\*=-A5W?X?3W


SKRDH+
MBW#PACDF95K/BDH93CJSS6GEM3'_E6*A4\



,O%FJP7-_9EKY?V#7VW&5:CE=/ <$8&K3J8?

KJYOA%2EG.
M)C+X;@RC6S6IC^.
:/$8G
MB#


1(M[LJH

M4OB%X@26

M6G[*A+


M\2@'XI_%_P =^+8&+?PWX3GB^%7@Z2)V+O;O9^#I4\6WUL20ABU?QKJR1#





1%K9NZ




)C:$TFI.APAE.)C=^SQ$79H]CF5;6MBZ6$


M2$P.O?GD\D9ZXST'L.*6BBOL3ON1TO_ )&[Q3_V#___HO6JZZN1TO_ )&[

MOM.V:'X[U/\ ;=^+



=?$6F2WFIV^B_HSX_TWQSJ



?B]-*\-S



\+6NOZ3:?!7XV?%WX6?'#XF


MV[#BOW#H QO^$C\/?]!W1O\ P:6/_P ?H_X2/P]_T'=&_P#!I8__ !^MFB@#
M&_X2/P]_T'=&_P#!I8__ !^C_A(_#W_0=T;_ 
&EC_\ 'ZV:* //O!VOZ%%H


MQ-++DDY)_P!?W))QVI?^$C\/?]!W1O\ P:6/_P ?K9HKX(_0-C&_X2/P]_T'
M=&_\&EC_ /'Z/^$C\/?]!W1O_!I8_P#Q^MF@G'6@#&_X2/P]_P!!W1O_  :6


^';827FMZM9Q(!)Y1\8_VL_$FL^/-6_9Q_
M9 \.:/\ %SX_Z=+#9^//%&KS7:_ []G&VNT9AJ_QB\4:4'?4/%*QCS=$^$/A

MV]J/$5Y9[O-3PCX%T6VW:/\ #'X:Z=
S#2/ WA2.VM BQSZU=ZSJ(-Y7S];




_Z#NC?^#2Q_\ C]'_  D?A[_H.Z-_X-+'_P/ULT5
MZ!\B8W_1^'O^@[HW_@TL?\ X_1_PD?A[_H.Z-_X-+'_ ./ULT4 8W_1^'O
M^@[HW_@TL?\ X_1_PD?A[_H.Z-_X-+'_ ./ULT4 8W_1^'O^@[HW_@TL?\
MX_1_PD?A[_H.Z-_X-+'_ ./ULT4 8W_1^'O^@[HW_@TL?\ X_1_PD?A[_H.


MT\










W[/GBK



M/;W$$J/%/!/$[Q30RH\4L;O'(C(S*?S@FAU3_@GWXF6\M&U#4_V'/%VLR_VG

M %I\/9EXMX7#X?
.

)1





M9?1S#
+?9;I9+R/Q;\-_%;XU_%72?V7KW]IK2_$O@?3]#TGXJ_'74)/ACX#T

WOV];BVUVU

M#+N**;Q%/$K!S.;'@[XV  #]L+10 
 #X1?#0#\ -8P/I2_\(?\ &W_H\+1O


MRXKZUHH_XA;PS_T
_$7_ 

M_P-O_1X6C?^&B^&O_RXH_X0_P-O_1X6C?^&B^&O_RXKZUHH_XA;PS_ -#/

M:_\ RXH_X0_XV_\ 1X6C?^&B^&O_ 
N*^M:*/^(6\
_]#/Q%_P#%O^+/E_U6

M:SAT^%+J2:Z5EN(%C:0?HG7



&F:(VBZ3I\.


M@U.Q_P#C]'_1^'O^@[HW_@TL?\ X_6S17UIW&-_PD?A[_H.Z-_X-+'_ ./T



(YCCU@.%
M8S;6*%E#@$E=RYQD9]$KD=+_ .1N\4_]@_PO_PB]:H U?\ A(_#W_0=T;_P
M:6/_ ,?H_P$C\/?]!W1O_!I8_\ Q^MFB@#&_P$C\/?]!W1O_!I8_\ Q^C_
M (2/P]_T'=&_\&EC_P#'ZV:* ,;_ (2/P]_T'=&_\&EC_P#'ZUHY(YHTEAD2
M6*5%DCEC=7CD1P&1T=25=&4@JRDA@002#3Z* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH _#S]E#_E.A_P5I_[-B_X)M?^F3X[5^X=?AY^RA_R
MG0_X*T_]FQ?\$VO_ $R?':OW#H **** BBB@#E/!?\ R E_[OB/_U)=8KJ
MZY3P7_R E_[OB/_ -276*ZB1UC1G9E154LS.0J* 2S


/VM;FY^(]]\



M6A&4Z
Z_#];&46OKM1R^ X(7]L5



M/]3R7)
WXDS7!9)D.6XS-\WS&K['!9=@*%3$XK$5%&527)2IIODI4H3K5JLN


SZ1\#]2\7?


M^L0NG_O](MX]^N#6\,?LW?%7]JKQ#I/Q7_;CLK+2O VDZG:^(/A=^Q5I.K1
MZY\/_EQ9R^?I/BG]H#5;58]/^



8I))62L?DF8YCF&;X_&9KFV.QF9YGF.)K8
MS'YCF&)K8S'8[%XBI*KB


M*HZCJNF:1:27VJZA9:990C
MWJ-U;V%K& 29+B[DAA0  DEG Q6=2K2HPG5
MK5(4J5.+G4J5)QA$8J\I3G)J




)+SX2_#VUE7.VUM/%?Q-U6$$9 6XNY_ASI

38WL(/($@ZH
^(\53GI1QN8RRC(LW[NN(H9CF4.(<-!IWN^'JE33^$];+
MZY6G_!R_%S3TC4K.AAJ?K.-6LL5%?]RK?9'LM_J6GZ5:RWVIWMIIUE ,S7=_
M<PV5K$N=TEQ=/#@ !)+.!@$UY-=_M?!^Z^PZ?XUL?%-_]T:?XL]7^(=


MHX6FW_=GAZ4


+AZ2Y:=

(J
4NRBDDEZ(.G2BBBMR@H

HN\91DFG&4
M6DTTTTU=.Y
HQG&4)QC.$XN
X22E&49)J491::E&2;33333::L?SX?#K]F_]



^-/^1/\5?\ 8NZU_PFZXKI
MJYGQI_R)_BK_ +%W6O\ TW7% '2)]Q?]U?YG4U/N+_NK_(4Z@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH *Y'2_P#D;O%/_8/\+_\ HO6JZZN1TO\ Y&[Q3_V#___ *+U
MJ@#KJ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@#\//V4/^4Z'_!6G_LV+_@FU_Z9/CM7[AU^'G[*'_*=#_@K3_V;%_P3:_\



M':-/ZQQ1F4*E-JMAI1RKGRK 8ZFG]4S[.

MZ#1_#GA;1=+\.Z!I-JI6VTS1=%L8--TO3[=6+%8;.QMH($!9CB/)))).[6;K




11X*R?%5\#[2&&


-D]!U
M
=GF-AS*/-@
CP$
3F^/LWJL'@J\DDW:R;7Y'7QV$PTE3K5X1JR5X4(WJXFH





3F%+B/B'V5:M1IQQLL'

QU.$



A(W5?T_]G[X.V%T+^7P%HNO:D&75O&/VWQUJZN#YB

[TG0@]

80C&$(1481BE&
8Q22C%))))))):))+H=J2222225DEHDELDNB044450


MH *YGQI_R)_BK_L7=:_]-UQ735S/C3_D3_%7_8NZU_Z;KB@#I$^XO^ZO\A3J
M:GW%_P!U?YG4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7(Z7_P C=XI_[!_A?_T7K5==
M7(Z7_P C=XI_[!_A?_T7K5 '74444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !17DWQM^,_@SX!?#Z\^)'CR:[CT.#Q%X$\'VD%@EH;S5/%GQ.\=^&
M_AIX#TVEU&\TW2K.?Q#XW\6^']$CU'6=3TO1-







(1BG*4I2:48I-MM))M@?-WQ\^(_B+P%\#&T;P!
L?Q:^+?C.\^#

7 D**^X7O$_P 1


Y)
MPEB
1C?&'Q&S6I+AS


MWAB=(X]5/BO4DN'B^_/$'B_P#\--&M9?$OB'PQX)T2U@BLM/75=0TW0K)(;6





K2XHXMSO
U)7GEN1U:G!^2


M +JP\OK;B]GMC:\&KIQ:9XQH'[/_P +=$U*'7[SP_)XQ\4PAGBSXB:IJ?Q
M \1Q2H0?.LM0\676J+I#

MU&1[_D?\*
CW_(_X5]'D^09'P_0J8?(\GRS**-:I[6O3R[!8;!K$5K6=?$/#

M-MMMMBT4F1[_ )'_  HR/?\ (_X5ZYN+7*:A_P CCX:_[!'BG_T;X;KJLCW_
_Y'_C(]_R/\ A0 M
_Y'_C(]_R/\ A0!%<?\ 'O/_ -<9?_0&K\'?\BCX6_[%S0__39:
MUN7!S!. 2890 %;).QN.E87@\_\4EX6Z_\ (N:)V/\ T#+7VH Z2BDR/?\

CW_ /^
M% T4F1[_D?\*

M/:@#I$^XO^ZO\A3J8IPJY!^Z/X6]/I3LCW_(_P% T4F1[_ )'_  HR/?\

CW_(



^L_#+XK?%
M7]F/X@-\6KGQ3#;W'ACPQ\'/!7[
?A#Q[X?U30[N^;Q3)XLUI/V9VNO \F@Q


M?[*'_*=#_@K3_P!FQ?\ !-K_ -
GQVK]PZ 
#_A&-%_Y\A_X$7G_ 
DT?\(Q
MHO\ SY#_ 

ZZE87YN6T5]9TI=0#R,!A.H6I7S?-$N8]C
M_2%%=.QN+RW&83


M3A5HU(-2IU(1G%II
QQ.&PN-P]?!X[83'X+%T:N&QF Q^&H8W XWUX2I8C

MWTY;7[D;+=^8)(_TE/AC122QL\LWWF:YO69O=F-R6)]R35/P7_R E_[OB/



#_A&-%_Y\A_X$7G_P DT?\ ,:+_P ^0_\
M B\_^2:WZ* ,#_A&-%_Y\A_X$7G_ ,DT?\(QHO\ SY#_ ,+S_Y)K?HH P/^

 @

M
:+_ 


M)H_X1C1?^?(?^!%Y_P#)-;]% &!_PC&B_P#/D/\ P(O/_DFC_A&-%_Y\A_X$
M7G_R36_10!@?\(QHO_/D/_ B\_\ DFC_ (1C1?\ GR'_ ($7G_R36_10!@?\
M(QHO_/D/_ B\_P#DFC_A&-%_Y\A_X$7G_P DUOT4 8'_  C&B_\ /D/_  (O


:+_ 
^0_P#

MB1(XURQVHBA5&6+

MHH **** BBB@#\//V4/^4Z'_!6G_LV+_@FU_PF3X[5^X=?AY^RA_RG0_X*



O\ Z U8

M(G^*O^Q=UK_TW7%=-7
^-/\ D3_%7_8NZU_Z;KB@#I$^XO\ NK_(4ZFI]Q?]



MUQE_] :L+P=_R*/A;_L7-#_]-EK0!T=%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!R#?


MU-3[B_[J_P A3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KD=+_Y&[Q3_ -@_PO\ ^B]:
MKKJY'2_^1N\4_P#8/\+_ /HO6J .NHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@










Z&@#]G=Z?W
ME_[Z'^-&]/[R_P#?0_QK\8O^'-=Q_P!)7O\ @L[_ .)NV'_SH:/^'-=Q_P!)

_X+._^)NV'_P Z&C_AS7<?])7O^SO_B;MA_\ .AH

M_P 3=L/_ )T-?.'C;_@F!XF\/?M0_ /X16G_  55_PPS^'?B3\+OVB_%NN
7_ +Z'^-&]/[R_]]#_ !K\8O\ AS7<?])7O^SO_B;MA_\Z&C_













Z&@#]G=Z?WE_[Z'^-&]/[R_P#?0_QK\8O^'-=Q_P!)

G]Y?^^A_C1O3^\O_ 'T/\:_&+_AS

7_OH?XU^+L'_  1ON)889?\ AZ[_ ,%GAYD4<F#^V]8,
M1O4-C=_PJ 9QG&<#/H.E2_\ #FNX_PDKW_!9W_Q-VP_^=#0!^SN]/[R_P#?

7_#FNX_Z2O?\%G?_$W;#_YT-'_#FNX_Z2O?\%G?_$W;

M.:[C_I*]_P %G?\ Q-VP_P#G0T?\.:[C_I*]_P %G?\ Q-VP_P#G0T ?L[O3
M^\O_ 'T/\:-Z?WE_[Z'^-?C%_P .:[C_ *2O?\%G?_$W;#_YT-'_  YKN/\
MI*]_P6=_\3=L/_G0T ?L[O3^\O\ WT/\:Y'2W3_A+O%/S+_R#__\0_YYZU[
MU^2'_#FNX_Z2O?\ !9W_ ,3=L/\ YT-?-7P__P"8GB?Q/\ M-?M$_6^_X*

7_#FNX_Z2O?

M^A_C7XQ?\.:[C_I*]_P6=_\ $W;#_P=#1_PYKN/^DKW_!9W_P 3=L/_ )T-
M '[.[T_O+_WT/\:=UZ5^,'_#FRX_Z2O?\%G?_$W;#_YT-?K3\-O!9^''P]\#
M?#\^+?&OCX^/7A[PF?''Q)UU?$_P 0O&!\/Z5:Z4?$WCCQ&EGIRZ]XMUS[
M+_:7B'6%L+)=2U6XNKL6MN)?*4 [:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *9)&D
++X6%J;[5;ZT\$??PCXV\8SZ/HED!=Z[



M?\3^*/A9XJ\9^$O#_A+XN^&?#FM:SI&FZ_K_ 

-=\6Z5HUQJVDM?W4%OJFG


U72M3M
M8;[3M2TZ^MGDMKRPO[*X@N[.[MY)(+FVFBFA=XW5B :=%%% !1110 4444 %

)/
M&&BVE_X8\


7
M@#]M_P#9F^).F?$O4O#_ 
0KW3)/@^GAJ?XB:#X^^'_Q


MT=!T
ZVOB8Z-I1\1II;Z&FOG3K








?#?P^\*Z]XU\7ZI#HOAKPSI
0
M Z:LJVT'0[+5M4UZST;2K37-;@TVUUG6;;3K.#5=6MM%6\31[?4]1BA2\OX-



UNNOZLD-LJ
M&PM-5O=/^!=!^%ESX/\ #GQ/U+X1?!+XPVOPT^/'_!/KX:_L^?!#P#XD\ W?
MASQAX/\ &WPRUW]I:





_


OA1-XAUKPCXLT#X=:!8-X

M(Z;?#4[_ .'N@:I::/XBU.#5;Z'PG;ZE-+]DN?M.OW6GSVEC'9:M]I4A /4





?VM?@S\5_%WP _X


M$CV\



YP






SG4_3(& !G.!U[D]R?<]32T4
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
MSM
M7HJ%YKZ[H)Q_G^?I^-?$7_G_P!N3_H\KX9?^(FZ?_\ /CK\_/VH/V4O^I?
MC'XP_#K6_ O[1L'BG0-*L]+B7Q%X2U)_@-H'@_48M=EN[Z]U_P'%EXFUZ/Q
M6K0M:7

M



\QRIT(2E.53Z@\/!J+

MZ?\ 





M[FRUO4-.TG4H/$(34(M1
FL6;7]C^?\ \4?VVO''Q(TG]H?P;HO[2L.K?#SQ
M[^PC_P %

MO!?C[Q!X3\2Z+\2?$GB+QYXI&A0_$&W\/?_5@8Y,38_H)\!_%GX9?%&3Q3#
M\.O'OA+QM/X(UY?#'CW\






M6GQ@\#:=^SU_P1T_9=_:$^&/[(/CBW\!^*_BUXR^)FC?\-

M/X:^


OB#^Q3?^$?CWX+U.
M^^*UAX8N_!/[67PPN]$^




MAJ !^_=%?SW_  8_;-_:&^+/QK^$7P*U?]H6U\'Z-JOQJ_X*??!_Q=XJ\-:9
M\'=:\8WWA[]G2Y^&^I? [Q?$?B'P3-X6C\1Z#H'CZ







M%UDBFAE0212Q2(2KQR1LKHZDJRD
0:FK\-/B)^U]\:?OQI^/EW8?'O3F\$








M_PCX_A3_P(9Z=_\_&OAK_@H#^SG_P4\\2?!70[#X=_M#S_ !GUN/XCZ#=7
M'A7X+?#&S_9R\66FFQZ)XFCGUR[\=1?&J9[_ $&SGEMK2]\


)FN
Q
F[NRHX:M/32#

M^TBGP?U]?&7BZ=O!WQB^$=E^T'XS2RGO('L]4D^(DOQKBDETK4DWRZ;HA&-&


Z5/J^K

















7



-?!DO[(GC_X$_M1'PCJ'[2?_  T+^U./

/AI??#36?@_XDTNW
J_M3?&O5/'7B


M(FH_M/K-XM\2_P#!'+XU?MQ7$MKX&^!MK#I?Q^^ 'B3PG:Z)8Z1I@\%SI#X0


ME:VTS5&E\+7_ (5\0ZSYQX*_:Z^


MX2TGXD^%[2R\0Z5X
M/!_A+4=+TKQ1X2T2[ /Z&/'7Q\ __P .7?C#XE^-





M!^\=%?+W['OQCT+X[_ W0/B-HWQ&U7XBW6JZQXKM?%(\1:-X:\







M&/%C!T:M?%45A\YPG _#^/C]6Q%2CSU
MXBXXRC

%&C5A-2P]

MS?TU17@?A?P1\?\ 3?$&E7WBGXX^$_$GAZVN3)JNA6/P:MO#UWJ=MY

CIC@G'-?HV19


M&7Q3X-:#2YK^'XT?#+7X=-\8_!'3]7\2:7X)^*GA'Q_X]^'W@WQAJ/Q'?4+?


(^-_B1




GA;QCX6^-=



4@


M\

$M4\00V)47TNAV&OZKI]UJ\=D73[8^GQ7V@DC-P8Q(A;N-!\
M0:%XIT?3_$/AK6=*\0Z!JULEYI6MZ'J-EJ^D:G9RY\N[T_4]/GN;&]MI



M]I_Q]^SW\+8O 
7B7P#\)? WQ-_X*/\ [='@CQC^V/XC\03?#/\ 9F\9^+K[

^#7PQ^(/C7Q%XN\#^&]'UZ+QIX6U#XD?!?QY

M?$?X7:=\3;_7FCNH?&7A[0+R2)=&






O$\GB7QU\0]8BT;QO\ !CQG
M:F'5-3UK]




M

V;E% &4NA:*I8KI.F*7W;RNGV8+[V+/N(@

S9SN8DG))I)M T.XAGMKC1]*GM[FSDTZY@FTZREAGL)H_)FLIHI(&CE
MM)HOW4MM(K021_(T97BM:B@#




ML/L=NUI96UK:BRMH+6!XVC@B@M +6)8U 2W_ '(PA*G5HH RCH6BD
ITC3&
M8,P.GV9#,!*H9AY&P$\P!() EE .)'W/.C:2SZB[:9I[/J[P/JKM96I;4WM
MH8K:V?46

T

MW $@'!.;-% $

M/KZ5IJZL]F=/?4UL+1=1:P,BRFQ:^$(NFLS(JN;5IC 74,8RP!IUKHVDV,K
MSV6F:?9S2Q1PRRVEE;6TLD,6!'#))!%&\D,8 1.QC4  *






MB-PVGO


M;3K ZI-8#2YM1-G;&_ETQ9GN%TZ2\
1N9+!9Y9)ULWE:V661Y!$'8L=&B@#%


MI+-&;2VV./L\.S6HH K7-G:7L:Q7EM;W42N)%CN88KA%D564.$F1U#A790X&
MX!F .&.:0T#0PAC&CZ4$;;E!IUEM.U9%7*^1M.U9I5&1PLL@& [@ZU% &;'H

8+4FVA


^KN8;&TB+ZK=





RMGN+JTLY
M99[2UN9VB,L]M:S3SRVT$SO%!)-+)B/(Q.C10!DW&@Z)=?9?M.D:9.;&WO+
M6R
/#7BN;Q5/XVL]2T2^O?!P^(

V.DV/AS2M-TW1]+LK/Z8HH R)- T.:+4H)M'


 'defref_brew_DocumentandEntityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInEmployeeRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DescriptionOfNewAccountingPronouncementsNotYetAdopted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_OtherAssetsAndOtherAccruedExpensesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeasesDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollaborativeArrangementDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsIndefiniteLivedPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RefundableDepositsOnKegsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ExciseTaxPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TaxesCollectedfromCustomersandRemittedtoGovernmentalAuthoritiesPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_IntangibleAssetsEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_OtherAssetsAndOtherAccruedExpensesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_LoanAgreementFeeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeLiabilitiesAtFairValueTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateIntrinsicValueTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockOptionsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ScheduleOfRentalIncomeRecognizedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfBreweriesOwned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfPubsOperated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfStatesProductIsDistributed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityOperates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfBrewpubsAdjacentToBeerRelatedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RefundableDepositsOnKegs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_KegEquipmentNetOfAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TaxCutsAndJobsActChangeInTaxRateDeferredTaxLiabilityIncomeTaxBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=brew_WoodinvilleBreweryandAdjacentPubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201517Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventoryPackagingAndOtherSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventoryMerchandise'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_InventoryFoodAndBeverage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAggregateCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_OtherAssetsAndOtherAccruedExpensesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_OtherAssetsAndOtherAccruedExpensesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PromotionalMerchandise'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PromissoryNotesPayableToIndividualLendersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NotesWithAffiliatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableToBanksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaturitiesOfLongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FundedDebtRatioMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FixedChargeCoverageRatioMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableToBanksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FundedDebtRatioMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaturitiesOfLongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_AvailableOnLineOfCreditRequiredForAcquisitionsMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaturitiesOfLongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_TermLoanAndLineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeNetHedgeIneffectivenessGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgesPretaxAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=brew_InterestRateSwapEffectiveJanuary232014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_InterestRateSwapAgreementInterestRateRiskMitigatedPercentageOfTermLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeMaturityDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=brew_InterestRateSwapEffectiveJanuary232014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeVariableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=brew_InterestRateSwapEffectiveJanuary42016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=brew_InterestRateSwapEffectiveJanuary42016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeVariableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsFinancialLiabilitiesBalanceSheetGroupingsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsFinancialLiabilitiesBalanceSheetGroupingsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationProfitLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_GrossMarginPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=brew_BeerRelatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationProfitLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_GrossMarginPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=brew_PubsAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationProfitLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_GrossMarginPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_AccountReceivableConcentrationOfRiskSalesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_AccountReceivableConcentrationOfRiskSalesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAllocationAndClassificationInFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAllocationAndClassificationInFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAllocationAndClassificationInFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=brew_StockGrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=brew_StockGrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsAnnualNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToNonEmployeeDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfNonEmployeeDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=brew_StockGrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=brew_StockIncentivePlan2014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PerformanceGoalsNetSalesPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpectedtoExpire'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpectedtoExpireWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsIncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseMealsAndEntertainment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DeferredTaxAssetsNetOperatingLossesAndAlternativeMinimumTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NetOperatingLossAndAlternativeMinimumTaxCreditCarryForwardsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsFederalInsuranceContributionsActFICATipsCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsAlternativeMinimumTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_EligibilityAgeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_EmploymentTermEligibilityMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DefinedContributionPlanEmployersMatchingContributionVestingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DefinedContributionPlanPreviouslyForfeitedMatchingContributionsUsedToFundCurrentMatchingContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_OperatingLeasesSubleaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NoticeRequiredFromLesseeToTerminateLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_FeeRequiredOfLesseeForEarlyTerminationOfLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseSubleaseRentals1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueAfterFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=brew_PurchaseObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueAfterFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=brew_SponsorshipObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueAfterFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfLimitedLiabilityEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RightToBuyoutLeaseFacilityMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfAdditionalLeaseRenewalPeriods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_NumberOfAdditionalLeaseRenewalPeriods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_PercentageOfCommonStockHeldByLessor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_OperatingLeasesRightOfFirstRefusalFeePaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_AnheuserBuschWorldwideInvestmentsLLCABWIAndAnheuserBuschLLCABMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=brew_WynwoodBrewingCompanyLLCWynwoodMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfBarrelsToBeBrewedByAffiliate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionRequiredCostSavingsToShareSavingsPerAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysForPriorWrittenNoticePerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysFollowingReceiptOfQualifyingOfferPerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionProposedSaleofStockPricePerShareMinimumPeriodOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionProposedSaleofStockPricePerShareMinimumPeriodTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionProposedSaleofStockPricePerShareMinimumPeriodThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysForPriorWrittenNoticePerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysFollowingReceiptOfQualifyingOfferPerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyContractTermRevenueRecognitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionPossibleOneTimePaymentPaidByAffiliate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionRoyaltyFeePerBarrel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionRoyaltyFeePerBarrel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberOfDaysFollowingReceiptOfQualifyingOfferPerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionMarginFeePerCase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionMarginFeePerCaseRemovedByAmendedAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountPerCaseToBeReinvested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_RelatedPartyTransactionPeriodInWhichAffiliateMayTerminateAgreementPerAgreementTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=brew_WynwoodBrewingCompanyLLCWynwoodMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_AffiliatedEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=brew_WoodinvilleBreweryandAdjacentPubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessExitCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_PabstNorthwestBrewingCompanyPabstMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ContractTerminationFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_PabstNorthwestBrewingCompanyPabstMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ContractTerminationFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=brew_PabstNorthwestBrewingCompanyPabstMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ContractTerminationFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=brew_WoodinvilleBreweryandAdjacentPubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_ExpectedTermToSellPropertyHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNetOfImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=brew_WoodinvilleBreweryandAdjacentPubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=brew_WoodinvilleBreweryandAdjacentPubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=brew_WoodinvilleBreweryandAdjacentPubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=brew_WoodinvilleBreweryandAdjacentPubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationConsideration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForCommissions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EscrowDepositsRelatedToPropertySales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_EscrowDepositsRelatedToPropertySalesPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_SaleOfPropertyHeldForSaleBenchmarkToTriggerReimbursementToPurchaserFromEscrow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brew_MaximumPeriodPurchaserMustSellEquipmentToBeReimbursedForShortfall'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
R$F@'2;U9:6G#08K;.QF;+4UBQUC:R1]^SE9
MFS*V!]C1TN]/GTM#D+W$9]C'S2Q70WNLXGH<.&G8B $CZA$ZE
B=\;A[Z
MZ!3E9SQ4/I#'1%JSE?@D)11I& %F$A

:
 .
M'7I*4)45

M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!


;2?9
M_GUMPU+6'C8/P3;GS/$


MWYRYJ*G24W%!LA6

J



M6_]BG=?.'*AD6U[]+D_JN@H787!B9WJKU#-_?&6]0[







M(K'P1'5C7\?-+0B33:B );[&Q+- O%


8X:S.
H6
M9
HCN.2Q7]'$S3
(



BRZIJ&;*-[V#1$:NK+B




Q:RV;?


T]5']9M_?=^


QGHNDO(LP5O)O6+-%5I=)5EL_VH11



(UZX*K'.


#]&
M43_ 5X0J# 6
((
XIPG&@ Q+0.X'J!^4_#BZQM:B3AF56
IH20%:5L



M$[




M
'X-
=TQI39.Y^_1/YG:52UG(N#(Z
^ZD%7J/KA. 26Y4OG
^L\PU!.YSE#\

I'I=
MY@V4C$E00?%&Q:M45QP7%$JIIULUY[8WV(5DW=#VT-A[LS]02P
$%     @


MS$T YZNJWP?\X\7-U=^;D[5M\*

MUC_6QZBYU#;?]T%E$4DADJC





M!JA?!J@Q0*& :.A*/S;;O


Y8T1D5K9'HC)1)
MM-18

EFK(M0Z4FGAEC


MGF*18

%C..#;S[ ;4_K&4]
M


A)C&QZ39*/C
-!SLGD'!&J!&;9 H+X%1I%O.A9C9'
8


MUD&K=BZ
-T2J);\BT7$@9T-J*

M_V*\*R\G(F#/Z)_Z+*MMN Z#

&U$G5&R:@P
MOT%Y$Y(U0Q8EI2&O=JQ;
_9V9Y4

MK!53FP.1I

OU?IX6A?BDGYGF5)\=^C3?/S8@K3SP??


?T*#\_:;PQ:Q3\'

VAK?7


U]SX:/YWD\2+!6PGT)2M!@GW)6I#HON1)
MD/A]R;


8E@44'3V#0M#IW9E6
.(D_6@DUZBH9AH*1*W\0


M3\42B2(*4

VHBL$

(*@JTXT6#1'**C(P7*4(8HC

*H
MH; 552HRKB;(L

9MGH
;#7G

&PO=V]R:W-H

MM#9F;1.V?U_;$)9 NB_8

J^!$?G
M.VCU2LD%(TJ'HL*R$T *2V(4^ZX;84::UDECFSN)-.:]HDT+)X%DSQ@1?S.@

M&.1BCHR3

MRYE(.'#ZIRE4G3B?'51 27JJGOGP!).?G8
F\]_A E3#325ZCYQ3:;\H[Z7B


;
M




DZ7)7
M;?;SF]7X[&MSLZI?NNUF'[XVL_9EMZN:_]9A6[]=SVG^_N#;YNFY&QXL;U:'
MZBG\&;J_#E^;_M?R5

M=?U]^/';P_4\&1R%;;COABJJ_N
U%&&['6KJ??P[53H_O7


_46:S+A
M5VMRT?!22]@R]II!KQGP*GRL,_62A;.)FJ%5G$JIY/69#[%=G-H-P=V<V$W
MU\/


K<
2L'K425D4LC
M^RF#L60(1,T(APUFA4&LD!L= R(\92S'HH ZYR5[2JQ+760]&\P,P\ZW/1
MHHO%X:1MK?%R
0.-I=AH84 9#2B2:=3::*;(I0PDBUP&LA*J.-;#F$T&L(GE







 (FRF&/



MOP\@S9#3#;T$[D73^A!@1=;Q!A[ /W9'BQZ;62JA0#MA-+%0Y_1FLS_L0GY


_5Q3
C7_ \X@
3THP1JED2Y^2=D[


F3


GX_%FX_QK8SR@E.0*5ZC%!S8[$FH?S

M2P

M965T

M







M
2YX;6Q]4V%OVR 0_2N('U 2DC919%MJ.DV;M$E1IVV?B7VV48'S 
?=OQ]@
MU_

MJYQNHB!04/K((
)V@R=0*A(%&3\F3CJGC

MI*26O3*/^/P :9Z[BF9BO\$-U A/H).4I4+JVD[)U'/;$$*5J\CKLT:1_&
MF\-Q@JT#^ 3@










M9TPO!0







MO)3=C1^ASG^PQ9#0N'#\X


BSP%K\$'GG;N1 @9=ZS%KZ!
M^]Z?C5^1A:7F$I3E6B$#38'OM\=3%O 1\(/#:%=S%JY:/T4%I_K F^(1!0

76
6!/'LBP1-29SH?^DTG;Y+.MS%]-U?#@]I@GV28!\)]F^6F





M:!($@83*!0;NMQL\@I2!R
OX

M#C-L&Y#.@'0!'&


M[NZ/.;L%HCGF/

ML3WC.6?.C

M.H*49.EN=\

Q[


P/7YG?UCK!UK.7




60T/APO


$%     @ 8X!G


M;]L@$/TKB!]0$L=IJ\BVU+2J.FF3HE;;/A/[;*
YP*.NW]?P*[G;=:^ '?
MR69SS107FA99])U
D6'OI-!P

MP


K8AW7KSUWDNQO4DS=@E$
M4\QQC$F6
7








M
7P9

MT5


:+S2^;
!


Q^8CF


M

M%@JT%:B)@::@=[OC*0OQ









SV!G@=04JR9+=[QQ07FI9Y]%U




T65+A
MH.
DK[S+P-XG\4W^A$_3_H6;5FA+KNC\R\;^-X@.O)3=G1^ASG^PQ9#0N'!\
M[\]F&K/)




T.5*87L=)

OLS]&;0!  #2 P  &0   'AL






M]CZ-;_('/D[[


MTTT_B




MS


[I[?YP3$-\
M#/@I8;2K

M971S+W-H965T

 &!!W6/BLV




M


MM/_DMA;:D9/Q^+*Q_Y4Q'E#*Z@I'J
$/-AD2*A^.-WBVPY@-AC?M^(/8](WS

O


MU-9I$=!T#?.= U$ED%:

]=Q2
A7_!:Z@
#PJP1RE53ZMI.Q]L'IB02E:


72/1%'
:8_@R9HY@R#ZGX&LI3OP-G*_#=ZL*=PF^^TOA

M2P
$%     @ 8X!G3(Y'5QZS 0  T@


GS
G75(&X/K\POXQUHZU7(2#.Z


(U-J:V=N_[]@0
MBK9T7_#










M%^
M-K.44D-K);;$0)71^\WIO OQ





T]6W



MY.M^':?=CD0E=J:CX/9R$8^BJCHFNX_? VD\:G:!M^
/]L_N\/8PKUR+1UG]

M5FK^WE_+QEVO_9TY#6$X@(8 &@
63B?IA=S./W'#-RLEKY'J'W[+NW?
[LD^

L7R67CFC ;'L


\
B!10I 


($7NHBBPF!&RV\$2F&*(,BRRAR!(0^-Y&F *+L!1G4#JAR/R7
M C!$ 7^Q0*(R0.$[#((%F


M!7Q N![0--79DGP=4 _R94 'UP


=))0ZF&\[M6/7M;3\QLAU:]V3\_[#YU!+
M P04     !C@&=


M970S



=B@?J&_\7/H_4-Z::KM?H(HU]/K[)M90&;K1G<VEM5.\&AQJX[;W=J_F





MK\-WJPIW$;Y;9K_^MDZ0K!(DD2!9$O#D4XE?8_C^LTJVZ*D&4\=ILJ3 OHV3
MO/#. WL7'Y%]A(_3_BA




RYX;6QM5-MNVS 
_15!'U E2NP6@6V@:5%L

M!T)
V8)@YD;U(-U.K;1@UKFZ(:;7P*J0)#BAFTU*!.LD+K(0.^DB4X/EG823
M1F80@NF/(W UYGB+OP(O7=-:'R!%UK


M:_N+_2GT[GHY
P




QK
+X7*5V%A$!![H.P.T
M#Z!4$

?TW&.NY

L$8N5$NKB3OG#=Z5



$%     @ 8X!G3($=*W;3


MTO9NAT*SNDH
KP77PX)@[O ;]:&/5JCUPE9RE?G?&]S'#D$@(.A7$




KTH
8;X0
MV05%=@&S95(+
-BR1!D21 L+L26&2*Q&RZ@X!JO9SH5$AA\[/Y,J[C-Z=
M;T?R%S[-[1-3==MI=);&]JCOI$I* S:5Z,86W-BG8C$X5,9M]W:OIH&9#/[
M^2T@RX.4?P!02P

Y_!=SL% 
DCUJFL @]X%;W6*:V.Z R$ZKT$P

M(W YI'B%KXFGIJJ-2Y LZ5@%O\#\[D[*1F16*1H!K6YDBQ24*;Y?'8ZQPWO



MWIB$

MI%)* [:4Z
XV7-NG8@XXE

$%     @





KS'J(2*

M8?$ .@70.6 ?=



UJ%!]&\9EX9VGXHZ&QG_





JFJEJIE5:IFCY[80 K
X@K-!=I2F3\G$'HL




MP1FO(I[YY*WW7DMZN
_)-1#-F-.$H2M
.3M:C2

RY5%%^W\\XE-;K1VX%-)[GPNG9_BQ1#0N+#]
+I [/(271V:CTJVD!+'H77)H<
MM];V!T),V8)@YD;U(-U.K;1@UKFZ(:;7P*J0)#BAF\TM$:R3N,A[*2+3 V6






M1^_*^P$  

M

'D A%!VFQ5M5(K15NU?79@$M#:F-HF;/^^MF$I8F=?L&=\YIP9
P-J8[$*++&@33#[*#UIY<I1+
6%/=B.X4L

WQW-QJXQRDR#MV@Q]@
M?G9G92TRLU2-@%8WL@T47(_A8WPX90[O ;\:&/1B'[A*+E*^..-K=0PCEQ!P


??$\8':NRF=TU^%/[/):^N]%S3+



MXW_X..:^

+*;

M:&5E='





6@L;5U2/UFFY
MJ/A4)'N==Z[B/LTW-^EVR?0A4!7PFV,0^9 ,?,OS+&J,'I9N[]P
(3IP?J


L
MTK-M]

MR/J-J[]02P


M+HJ-B6V6].]K&Y92XKY@SW#FG!G;
^DHY*MJ '3PSEFG
M1HW1\Q5D4#G*H[

MA5&M]H&MY+$JS6^E!D*;4+ H-6@9KED_ F4R:;S-G&B1M('K_8W]V=5N


CI['MJKS@Z$G
V




&]'4#AD=$NOCB=9
M-RXX6)YVHH:?X'YU)^
M-JN44D-K);;$0)71^^WAF 1\!/R6
-C%F81*SH@O

LV

M]=Y+ON-)RBY!:


$



KY
MBS&^5KD?F(2 0JD




:I[T*



MB8
@VHFX



MZV@M_@)02P
$%     @ 8X!G3
?[(I6X 0  T@



F/D:EA8TKJ@;KM)Q5




4!^TE$S7IM&FZR6XRZ6:WOQD]
0@;@^OZL_Q-I]+2=F
MX4Z+9UZ[KL W&-70L$&X)ST^PES/)49S\3_A#
+#0R8^1J6%C2NJ!NNTG%5\

@6+F]\RQ

^

ME_\!4$L#!!0    ( &. 9TR96#RY P(  








C#E;$

A8&(^.X_1D/&+&5$5L8^Q4C





,1:6JDZ1Z
M!S$26U9DTC[]=4K?OLPX\O7_/

I


/.
3





M1:#(XEN*'4.!&2+;!@F;@08WJ
5FH&!!-]44&3K!SN& C-$S)(FX%&-ZC%


M5
Z+5/K0VAPMUU(JH3GZ=WHXMR)9]0^96*OZ-M+W97NH;Q^4W'4?++S^J\GT


M]HZNY

M%K!CY'=]DE7JKESG! 4^$_GNJ_0U[-TG;[X[W !HN Z$Q4C9T28KY.?A62T
M5U&I4/QNU[HQ:]?K7VGS!+\G^ -A$3TD!#TA^"$#PEA3PCO
B68GJSQQ)G




83+@.[FJ=8NY+?82X270YF^ARDFBP^L__BF8%HL^W*IX5B#_1JOAA


M:R65WQCN^-_O'@SE:.RKZP%\]J:D=A7IO1]VE+JF!\7=R@R@\:0S5G&/ICU1
M-UC@;0Q2DK+U^IXJ+C2IR^@[V+HT9R^%AH/-W%DI;O_M09JQ(AOR[G@1I]X'
M!ZW+@9_@)_A?P\&B16=**Q1H)XS.+'05^;+9[8N@CX+? D9WM<])T=C7H/Q
MK:W(.A0$$AH?!R7SRE &$9?R=F&1.&0*O]^_TY]@[]G+D#AZ-_-:WU?D
M@60M=/PL_8L9O\+4SQW)IN:_PP4DRD
EF*



$%     @ 8X!G3(P)8]0_ @


#8JQY\.VW#2 
12HY2











MKS)\


MLP-Y1



MOT-(5C6T5#[Q'CK]Y\)%2Y4.Q17)7@ ]VZ26H3B*
M32I@N+W(X=19'SFV)-

-[P(!



M9+;43U31(A=\,2X63TU9P+OB%[,R@S:M;/_=+52C]Z+)(YNANC27
8-?%
M$[]5E*Z1+

M[X!D7I#






M2!8U



-
$SXI\





G.104^]Y0_1=YDH6!MTS
M'&M5--VOMSXV6I5#%D.ES%[[9UYUS_.0_RV

YT@D8F8!U:*;,L JH\?P#E-U&!IB+A5

P#


I*!-.ET69!V(8839!E -_5R9*DEP%+

M;4&



$%
^)R$E60O;P'J-H 5:8)$B[;/6IB^(+JZD7:=_7^JR


VAZH
:K.=
M3Q[EPTI39] C_CZ84W-Q'W2IO%35]^[A]\U\(CI&)C?KMG.1V
M//X=G4[.

=OL-6^_5J??S)A0

VQ HP&=


M.
4D%
Q3]?;J


2B5B1!.
D]W *\819!1


MRCBF0G@7)(5Q4D94D\8.I



M\G6SN

D^4H#

NZ:$-4
AS6%P;N3Q1%@!

*KPX0BI



$%






6:-[+@QYC/^#'F#F%2W$%
MQTRU!M30@$ZP 0T-Z-: 'AD0T:!W&-MB#MV(*)GZ)$FBH:- F4JKAL!12 :&
M9$!(
%#7AHP,^8=S]WWCWMT^2\ISD%(2DHY 0QF G(L$JDP 3-I:9A'0][G
/
M

M/3'L8R]87020%R
9$U@.A)W//H'Y*]R


IKQ@_DB!3#!#)C$?)%R?D:5F I2S=#6'C34AE36GHBV]L#A@D^M


MBA
\0&F3\KXP'R5(E8E
8E\4I1U?M$A

M*=.FVO.^




MGS$5@
*2H4!FMLQ.5&$E4/X#*PL37(%J.![7SXKRF_&B
;4UH+9EADMCQFI4
MQW+;5$Q$C4I4LE&5= 

M

5@C#$CK-MY &2H19G((F.
WD*UM? [;@T9G



MO@MO#


MZ$X[EHVQ+ZP&_B
_.#._.
_ZR9G^YHQ5#@&ARJT&UT_VH7AI+P^5B\?\]5 U



LLK?S9IGSW4LXG8RR*O^$/M-?NRS.I_M[P0QZE/




 BZ8K75O\MD-IO4XNC570/M

.DY9FYCZ#GBSD9$X3GDWH8DAI\%B&7\1A.H
M7$\)4Y@P;0FB
P*2)($+4$;$ 0&WG
.TC20JJN&)2$H0&[LV&
LB'L+!H&

PXQ!U2-

MNU3X$0QH! **

[!8 .

P^ J X=&B08@U26UYQR!P46%[T$^]6BE5#;4& /D(@TT\P

M4NSZ(V!P.H?._@-02P



Y.YZTW0B6\XH=^2^N7ZJ--*N@9=EG!2]5

M


+R!- 6D+



$%)
8EQ*C4F)$2H(34)2 (F:D.

#PK@40


M]4$(S0U=^&2L/9D)KEWD_*#MK1DX/%F/
?5BZH9T8)V3ES^!U!+ P04
M !C@&=

M;6R55]%NFS 4_17$!Q2NC0U42:0FU;1)FU1U6O=




M+8O6_'KK0ZMD.;!H*67VVC_SRCQ/_9?X+0P/($
 &0. ?QA AP#Z'A!]&! -



'%7

K
HL
8PM&

7&Q,2HV1@@F
MMD:$B37K\H4)4@_7Y6I
RD0IXF]P588C')FKTH

M8J(1V-:!P!CCW):-P1(.$[

MP(T3_L
Y ;=.N



@;2M;#
M]2D8[W+?U!+ P04     !C@&=,43_&/D($  ![%0  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970V,2YX;6R56&MOHS@4_2N('U#PT.51&J2CG:E':F:U<Y\


FG&V.FLZOYZNVM5ZWS(TE#)TQ_][[GH

 23IVMO7WC5SF];I

&1$

#R



@:;X1A@04VJ&28R0:#!%O(4@X&&-G
M) RDB$S&&0QO@.T_05HSAA;


8)\EP&@CUQO ID=^P_4(MCURC^\19%2);6@;! Q#^W.VA4#)

7VAW6+8
S9/8I-D@+7

W
M
(F SFDR;!D&)
-?K )I:'A=.RV-864RD5QDL;)8_!NO#XN&(=%8TS6Q


)ZWKOX#4$L#!!0    ( &. 9TR.ZPYL
M_@(   8

!#'



M4C[WBV_;94CZC$0E-JH/P?7E+-:BJOI(.H^_8]!P8O:.\_O7Z%]
\;J8)]Z)
MM:S^E%MU6(9%&&S%CI\J]2@O7\584!H&8_7?Q5E4VKS/1#
VLNK
=[ Y=4K6
M8Q2=2LU?AFO9F.MEC/_JACO0T8%.#I_ZQ/#O&;0V**'S(SI7[FBJ\6K;P$


[O11R/K


N

;2=L_[ZV(20Q


M5P=1KMVEZQS@2


^8/ C


-$T&[\5Z#IAY7_ U!+



ZBAE9MN%[:O3NQ7O*3JJN6W8E GIJ&BC\W

E]8%)YY/S)++[N5F%L(F(UVRKC@NK+F6U871M/.H[?@]-PY#2&




6VSW1YI-X]KS-$
MEM'9.!HP-ST&3S D=3 ;'X-&1*0C&
/ 4!@WV#//4.)0^!C\%G'K(T@
1T'
M8A!K3Z91Q 7L( $=)-9!\B:-U G2QZ3Y3)0I2)+Z4:(






&6GUIE/NZ3W7'TO
9F]''V-WHD[0?(5S?]//N=

M^B]02P




.O38/9WP((
M[;=NX-X#+_6E$BK@Y5F'+_ 3Q*_NP.3.FU1.=0
MKVGK

M:^CY;.VH2HZ4OJG-M]/6]94A(% *I8#E[08[($0)21M_1DUW2JF(\_5=_8NN

ME0O:CK22H/?AWO=ZGL_ZM]I=@(:6@B!

M;31JP





I7@+X;H,< [05$YZ$,M5D6
M73&?-?5ITIQ?[Z'H9Q$]:E?]5=\X%'OXS96G=:T?<Z/4+/KH$XV8ES.&KS!T
M040N^Z4+1EV\L CGVPX6$J'B6\A20DR.22@X3C7$J^LQY HGT#!'A+HFT)I

O9%]9#LA+


!Y


M



996!M*:^ [
2#'=:D?B@E38+:\\3 RK)H/M?^([%8/]

?_ U!+ P04     !C@&=,F5%-?$\


2'2?X:$@-18'GQ:C!

M7



MRE?6?R5C0BO7&;/_3JZ$*KB.1'F4C KSZY07(5DSJJA0&OP^?.O6?/M1_T:#


F#_9D#9JL 1/[


MP*1JE*:=G1B31

$







MW^
8_Z

&


M
6X0P7ZE/@=!4AP  ,#F#Z [0/L^P Z4DG0)0/(34IBM



(Y




M$Y1YJ#R 
O*(D;#)X-
]%QYQC4LL6-Z$5@1A6A#8KYCH@B


M[6\(;#H

U6*16EB?


M


= -H+1



. N ^(K8@2\5XLZ6*
MKA:7SW1_;T-;6\1NH^U^[MVTYAMOFE[I-Z]K$B8+H)+2]1CUAT&CS!H0 2:

M'28UF+K+(\H2*UD7A

J/#).
\


MBT(8I;9O+FK.-[A?(+=A$(1G*. Z1\DG?(




M@&=


JEY\E#QDHJGWC-*OW+B8N2*CT59T_6




$=P6(DLL5$%E-9S(S& -PBF&Y!9@AD!\O
D()(@

M
F4Q[36


MO)+.GBO]_K-OJ1/GBFE2]*2MSO3!I9\4[*3



:Y5C#8G:I

M.$$











M^[%7LKQR%S.[]RP7
W%015[Q9^DTA[)D\M^2%^(T=XE[WGC)=WME-KS%K&8[


MB9+#1P1!9@0-QBF)8
F%6

 EG4*



MD288Q

UD12K62RN.W%76'F)IX

%U)BK&


M9RUD



1_;
2U76<ND?E&IN






M=?1B

5AI[.Y8AF!1(KC^S%1(G0K2
M='([[R!


TT=[H(]C1ZAZD1[&ITA:TM9B@WR5

M0O$[U



MADV# =-D
[[#L!LPNEXMGOF'PV^KM9CA)YW$9)(F&#0(IB?\1L6^J*7WQ)7N
M-=J.8


M+GAM;(V4W8Z;

1\
SH




M7AC7@@K6-V8KBM-@Q



7X6?5NO\NH_GMUMMYL?__SG:GZ7

_K)

M_[+]SY?%?+=.\VV4Y(OH5;[-MH_1FYQ'R(H\.HM^N7X9G9X\_\N?M__YES_C










A6J^8F 3IO
S@#&K&@%?
J6L?AY;8O4R]HE24WV2K;9FGSEMSA



Q!.JK2\3Y_]9]0V.-QHA:09





M&V#T(JE @
.#6&2K'1* W+_BT(ZW56+/5@BPNVN(N80W=@_FW T3F2%V15
M^V#:#H


&EVW!)R$3)7A;HF:D)=FJ
+7725*$\!UF8+6-,] $\[KX@#^C%^2C01-!MD#N#F\;AY7J9 C^%0



M#


M@E\?RMLD%U8;@VJ45\4J6WA6_!'-GK!SM5F_=@*

M#]%5F2RWT8L2/EZN@!T!UL1X#;WH]-G5B\MG -E Y^X E;)OV[MHE92W:!N9
8=BH17V8)4:WCN
M2[: @X/'2BH=! ^\B^/^4
!3
J







MVV^R6D63/K].H

EA[X

-#K\I




A4S%?

EIEX(^YG/EM6@ =V]RQ


MCIP PP(JL%O 

.E?D_4&CKU


[AR&LX
M 

M$-BSZDZ9]V *Q-ZY


+




M% &C3;

%L?C0



OG$ASIV%HN3 %GN'5IAE!#'1D94)9\VL #J
-^NB+6#
M[KPMUF2 P5@3L:49V]3G.T).
5\A!W.6JLI;JNSI)FI/0ZVPTQ+%L78E 3$L



@
M'KU.'I&[I'A#Z0+CITA

Z6]




M$\J8^X9SOP,3F5K*EV,1(7'H3F_GPKMDX&T
E1O9_\;8J;] %RH&5[)\
MV;%!)]JMDA+.1QQLI+RAG9)
 Q066.QNMFBH=(S G8=G^+1&YZ-KC&$/S3(V

$F/
2O&A!R#9H!NA!@E
M@X$SVW#%I+H=O$ TDI]$PPD%S2?H.0:HVT/2$7P(71\MQ.&Q'S-3ML8[*9G/



)D


M4@_U

T4*0R!Q#+


(O/6L=ZV[QR9
M$@(YTTFWA26%)E(<EP FTG_#C3&'3)EYKW-$%HDZQ.M/O?T,8/ 'QOB;<$
MH804(;:BMP3U'Y#W+I.YIK9E)4 8<H4Y20=,&5D*(9 ,![!1K5#E9Y'0]D?

M
B%99W@BGNWH'$0R2##=;^)T&#
AB(WE;4HR!3
4)F0U\O^4O*-] O07D *

NJ:7ZE9W\+M;8JP+M(.9DL SJ4H9GA6!)X
MBB9ZIC:$\Q(U(-2X_ENU

M%.W?8X 7&9)3^[O^K.G/_@



1P


?5WKC9=

.-P;1'A7&$

(UVL1TQPQBBGMCCT


MQUG:-N%APMLT@4^ACYOX!@Q--T7GH(F9JPH$OBGB ^0O(5K%SU% 08-[ID
M&W^:AD[)!&@77C$


M *OSP!3+!86@/49 [Q:%6(J


MJ*S8U!27-2\MHL @G^MM^#^



M+$!!12U5[#2R6K\V!)R3\UZ_3Z_P
+I:MO)
N=Q;?88R71?W(KMQTL]&748
MW3NCC 4+8=XYJ\WI9$#Y&\B MY6$:\#@#TT#9B?W+&8&:2.674PTYD5?[83L
M_%=Q4Z&#/9: : XK;!X+$4X\6-PK=N:VLRPWC@S@-&346_R;SY'7DOC,'$Q
M@^GO.6&6(]G;SGDH/MB8Z05SR7=%V[A@FP7V3V;B#1!;561CEM4:0
E6M

M%G
BM

MA #37!0HJ/@AX

P^CNYCSA_[T#
I+X43^
0R
MJ^P2)#^D;

ZO4+2$
M$PTC'[IBY?B^-%:(JYNR1Y3N5Y8C;FXB[YBAQ#P;:0R[XE*R #6USGI$5NCY




^!%PJ#U+0\_\=U 6+B3U@N(PKTPA
M*99T PT3M4O
 $;3)=6 (I^



S 5
4UTKV<3FA^F\5.=D?PC#LUO6J^.J

3*Q6/*(*5Q\YDW:8WI?*L*YBC0^5 Y+
:PD?6;M[5^L7$C@I+&!*&5H
M[L&9[AC

M7O#/'JJ263-8;6ZH6Z!9=]KG'8[  @







M1:KX7TF^0\73ET(S 28*J6SM9(!-(E.IKT+IZ,Y8Z,8\P/$-\$,DLJ1U6Z




M2LN(ME48*+.$B24=OTA67I69
7;M5=4\JJ))G@490DSI/I86^YFA+5L &0








ME

M)2ZSV@E6%








=OM+&.)X^TMF2QP&JA:)VG7#A7XLCT
.&:58E(EK!Z1^!N



Q:7=L*90L5 #@




^(D=)E

56?W#)PK[F5&A#;5V^

MG/[EY!E0XAQ1[CT:S/ T\;M.G

MJ&G
 63#NXNV2)PXI
E$KUH=S9GW5J3D7XOFLCKV-N=%KJ!
KFSS:R!9-D^\

M-@MCU8=A266%J[;()R/





QD(TJ*VDQ$NW0VJES&

M&G;.X1/NF'P\JFP4FJ#!R9!2X5TB)NL2H-26D-[


M!HRY






.XL%T /\?34:'NP:




FCBKWC93P=FI:BPOG2WGA6L/=EF76

[I.T6!:47



AB!CG_3H4!)%HM88TEK8=^YX0K:/(







MT46

MIXA


M%HOR*QFB!8@IIUQ*J0#UQ^(8V]2U*X[0B+'B$IMBH\Y;: D;&5Q?:9O$Z8$H
MJ]J(5T?I!N^2OSUXBPU$--'*0GPV''X]Y8$QZ*[2
4@FALZC^0CDJ)FC01

1?2)\@D5!-^\^/#)7?++!//37P
X$#+2
MDYL5)I=*HKA


M9)7O0G8R




M%48 
%E5?


_Z@U+GW/\S9ZW18)
M\'G^QZJB^Y?@:VR1S'#]D&Q
* 0ZKZCUBGZ4=YNBZ?6#DXEX*/:
QS;#2W





2;-W^V
^2($=W1NM)O-#XD$H7&]5DMHZ'
N.+'[H8_:L&-(U-
M#'8(3*C[#3H5[*, 3=?%/2*J&F.]B/ZE<:B<&B(8%BH;V:Y0@)#Y7Q\85\T


K#.FK*8#H!*.H7FKB


0:D-7T=#Q$\ZF_
M%A]GTTFJ;
&]


M7]H?-* Q)1! H%MOU(3SDV@PZ3.TH*]UTO;$\&+(0 M 
L4P@K9G^A?UT*I!




MA(I(.:@
X+6C+$5;#8H&=35HU2K\*%PKT.D-?B:-X$V3;5BOHN
[C:_V3SL]
M.##SL9:OOK14T18T?\HQM9Y%4;:LM(O)MW!49'1../8&99.OY\IOH?V55Y-_
M=6)(

;M767;

M[T33NMH*+-RD\V17.37!M^L63X26UPU


M!Y%W#

3XG


A ^L8GYM.XN%D

M3LF/%E^





M0^?GO1G\
QL08GUR HM(6KBRIZRA1?11MMO)J6$E2#NF4Z(DE][MZ9T;IE&2
M0K86S

@H
V 5*



M:))^ R#X&_7HDEQE&A68W4]R$\#F^*1%[I(9:*1WU+55K

L5


?*3CP\+[2W!X8^VS7Z

2ED)=:_#3LO:@V6


9FK;[P0D.^R(?8IQ?\;##R;G% 3)



/-CSW7T_[0&SX-.:]LZ'\O'OOEF\

MI) F]NP6[M7\Y5]M;_\N8@%0H$0E!1GDWF\RUH9!JLW@YD76H2D$U=
BTE
MWBAQQ(\B$[


WX27?2 '/XL[$$!0_]]Y1C/Z:@?SX88-0$O %U%D0:5I=/Q

M1-73X8&



#9,2)UPI3RDQB?&$Q)O
MG:U-46E^AU7T$M#(6H\&^==U4: @YSTM98%;52<*YY_# ^/Y]UK3-8HS&.
M,PV6C;0;VW\*5^H.8-=SIWCCCL^.K8Z'
53H!)J!JE5+6EO8/DPT_LJ^#:
M?+@EA):,+?D\HV!:/A@7X8OVI[F4'5[MB'?IF)Z[GSY[]?'ZV7,Q_XH[ASF[
M5=2^TZK74'WTREJ7BO!\EU#4#GQG^&$A9.AM%+7+\O-MWAC!Q,1[ZSTC]






M@UFX-+O5)Q;_/1T
@16=TR5
XL'%F)/(PGJ9  5Q?T(W-8T' [P@Z80^F/ U




!'T8+&




MMHZEJXQ9DQ568)?T-5



MR3(;=0&\Y6)Q\S3E-A#$T$RZC^3/5%*

\L]Y7
EE@G^GTC^HO

-+9.Y2.*8)(O&RUV5:E@O&8=D
MB%4B;2^\FZQY5[6E5[VUR2@VAKJH7N2GB$W94:




!$#DD27Z$5R##K+


-X



MUG4;BSYOK?MG:FZV( Z60M0.D@?/_('J.


F
R
MKK&EW%G0$%:.)


?DFY5L


MGXZ I)#&AF!T)E!X5
W8
Z?(B%XC

M8F49]&8^;)-XS1G=:RJ#HM;M0*CT4]1


MT^LTH20-

MZ8^.J4) 5A30YXF6^V&0)7JZ.M[*'+)88W1O0?E#:5U(NHF&+SF*@@I-;'

M=]5\1B0+[%8KL0MY@[#BWUWT@/U 0BD#[EA+OX28=H!%9AGKSE8/+@S$4.
MX3*;
HP_&IS%C
6%


F&$)JR3C*PIJ

MKJ)ACV8






C
I2X^!'Y.#'K*NCPOF\


+V*CF@8#\_A


^7&


M8

M;)+Y5V1#TFA4[








.

M%: QQZ:25IV2I9^OD2&)?0



Q&GBG
MYL8H2FFSY84U9P^

)CJ
M]J=SV+6Q37HF;CCT98F]T%FZ
!SYT/5G?C9.7V7//K5\P [#E&6AG%
B11R+


MU @PT*6%2AXWIGMQUQRQJR(SIY@UC99Q?-
%IB#ZX9J]#^UD.%2FVUWI5H@M

MX7I]36
L9/C=^V?#?[B&&58!5H-E.[5VH


L/8]W4[5U]3X


M*\X[='%1&P!XV_T(3O*L6)YM@+VE6V_:(U
7L=I9H^0ATCH0X4Q59?.I8.
M7F
 TRT2C95




M4K

ML2
!1YL


#L7E-W3;D*
M/!(UFC=
9?M)D51&)K E#4SUB]I]_4LT(
6@L6UI#RRFM*ZOU<YA@NT]HO=\L)WK
M1P=\C_/SQ
*.N7M;39\6\QT7Q$1C+AM54ZI%1WJ






M5L2F4;%_G[


.I2@:J]-G1@\9GQ41E1&FW4I(^IC-!GA
MI\_(?]_XX=GSXZ8]?49//
;6YBHPZ_67HA%1&61@1^A#JNAB(4+\HGJG[ /
M(!9(JDWN
PK$KB5QN%I?!0DF8!


+^)+8!O((LZ1++7S


92(3.A@GV!=$<'*:7VE6)UR+NQ1(?7MNXF0/6<



MX\ET&+W5TJ-!5Z91/)X













9[ 9!^BL(?)VS^TE73H#P2HWQO:9#03R-EX8M\X+


LW98ITZ:B

BMCN?%*L;_$7.:&!#(JT
M:A\ 5?4Z(P%

 5W;:U-YB
9/;_6TS[$&C/1HPFP=[

'D
M0:I=HV_6S^BF^IQV@:^B:RA':2^Z:.:H+I:I]ID*

W



MUOTXQ\R4K7WWA;R]&VR#!K@RCET_(*TQGV/)TF)HV]W OP7%FK-N)







M3C+*[8^@C8'Z\ILVG?Y&R?QLF5]2SQ

D^W2$+=6EWJ









3 8


MP]!DSZ'%H61
E[CCZ&D\4V;H6V)&NJ;2AD&IC52NW'4NLR+


PZ^

DV*.%BVI#(
TG

M\CY]=L0PD7FDB[^);=%8&]7(B$E]H
DLJI+D=KS=.=9QLQG3FQDF\S$.!(
M_STX_2%.E'(

MK:C8X*;#HNHLS
0WZTTT8N

W.Q JU=R
)ZDBSIQ@QP-&2EA887:'6(DLLNBHD-




OBD$\

U94&M89)32



M4*5/1:^#0()RQVJMM/@5PQ/BO
2@[
A6
1(Y%8LC[2X1Y%+

H10([A




DC

(1+&HO4CR
M*7?.;IW7V#^Q0+CA6Z[S]5;J(2)M8:^'#SH
&FICP:LDK$-X1 %#*RS[/%09



M/F=9KUWKN


8
@]0+E0GE3QM';HLWF-B8K'[(

+U(XVV)P#;
M5MTM;%L#P^C
W?00'U JD?H:1F1T^9V#/F(X5DM%4F@?2=V-#G6K_:+FJ+5C
M]!;HQOI2P4/0 F==UE1XHBXTM5T29%M@7H6OJ.QYC\VQ*VTS(\=K92Z.P'


MPC ?Y



SC$=



 [
M





S;7$03@V\UL2:HAZ9J
M[6W@:B-*@ D[3'L!8^3RI0X;$HEEH$$ZC
M

MVJ+C

6UOFGQ:+;\0@R^=$#L$JBRO-YO?.215*&BX'
7EBYQ!


PX4T+$ *?E4\='#/F['8KNF81LQ
M



MNF?DG5L/U!




/T*T1:1J5-DL

M_$D[HDJG
QWZ\K0]G
M4%6GY70:)1F& R?A


M$J5P%#H


M7D8@
D1)

)





VYCR:N8YYTD7IV!:#&2?*)LLRB$79G?;BE65&_ T1W F+[A.)

MI![

M

+
+D).++



MSND@GDS3LJK=MCU)ZB(MLYQGH\3GZBK-JYD\)BTNJG&1_VIQU/X663CG[1

Q]G4$U6C&NL
M;3XNN=*J56F=%F7!'9WE9!:=E&E6S[Q*9VF=3:C2:D8=176M;E5:C'.L-!_/

Q3K10^_G.-4S6!%


MK4CS
QLD@SB\AROIG]H8$5-6'-1NL//V$5..R?@\'=?HOH 5O$;H1:2 Y@_

QB8!MO2

M6H%D&5^)9GLR4QA)=AW:Q!6N0

M2ZL&:TFWT^


!5


%7G\G@T&G^EN&$







M3CQ1;$V=J?E'6,#ULQU?24H[C92LN!(3M-TVEPON-S%=)N%V_%'=&J('3^





MY22O:@T\ALS9]$E2L!7%%7@0MPCFC#?#+5^
-RCI_4L!T*PM.!)IO-W*;9


M7V


M
F?@!=T;CP=!*5[MU$7[^JJ(E7RLB11IDI) [UVW\@.]VC#)[I!IR59/\O

#IH9J*T%!K==(-_
M6.&=*D :
?1T6=Y?):CR%KG'^&B^-JE4K
9:)2:'^C*#NDDM^:D.L%7R$Y




MG\F

]XW+CM'U:M\YIG7V(EH6A(Z2]
MJ76.XP[K8%//K3KLS]GOID#?63HK-*?UG7!47+5)!?H:CH%G;^VV^5%D4M

=)[.06*]Z@YU0_NMQOQAXPNR5Z']

MTM?60T@7
;!V6DWTZ)P*JX#X
39; Y#1Z_!(XX5=M(6ZT0JBR1#O.;#QR64H

MR$&4H1VB-;SX$.7+8$X\5(91@I



MR6L5#ZH16KR&G6EYS#TQGWA-8!_:YHI

7Y=#E_;.W%)L3E:2GW*5M]IY16M

MJP-6^4
F#V-X@Q+(]CJ+XF&E)6@)B; &&59;1FC(Z5;RQ-B]8+UK:S.O@D
C<LYF
M_SP/Q8Z]U2G1+'3:Z#FE+0F
?7


MUSL^L=K?/ENL?R=6'

MWB;M2&G6?O3?#LI4UD6&WX2-GL]5+A*8J&7(B^-0R9+%SJ+X#KG?O6'78N.[
M




V6]BG7M4D^@?ZX6M^M;D#@/+-


K




8(\Y'%GM*49''@FL-
]EC=])G=#N[HP51C :D99AJ+:V3#V
..
MF#


















G5OA7@E%5\HR($UBZT=XB7N&AH(4

M=W4RHA:/^5?AW.[6Z
.5_?8!#EZTC./:]G9HBWOPH@']G0X.A$3S1K0&QM?Z
MO8WBBU_-AAA_B)D1;[H?:C45!?Z@1O;Q/CY\@/8[BP
L/DC=CUD#U?V@-5C=
M#W8/6


L;;'XR%VE_EH?YGZ[





#V
UU+3K'X)/R^[W8RHDO@'I<_9;N/]$WB-&%F$DHURR





M0P[HR3!%91DR(B%H[;*Q\-6(BKAA$E!*H+W !
6W+DJ.BO-WWB3L\VRLXNGE
M(PK7?786GLF:#DD-(J.#+.FD,NA80OO&:Z!G;8!?$^B^(0?L3.AKAO:SI$


M;


MEFU6SL.K33YMMC?+;ZME8_

J

N E:=CA+T)
9DB@%[8MPWI_O/.M)/@88OH.3FQI2%?UV


C


M!
HB_4)-^A-'LX

7=YN$)







]LJ8Q@^_5PF:A
M_?MN=_NO_PU02P



MR@M18*XCJ9 

MWXH$A_#I[.WW2JB;-\ ^)^\F$_?I_&:

M37!$/G\A^3[N$;7_


M

*%;&K;O9SV2X?!3K/"24]@*GT )14"EL.1WVFD6-^ O(=#:BW6A%682
MK;WI' X)S4,760J98-F7\6 '10'%J9$C29:;IQ*%8X)*::-A*!

1'Y(5QPK;IVJM-#-4]/4/-KGW.&.9:(;HK6O7_
I_R?

8=WIN@G4$L#!!0    ( &.





6P-D)U


?B*T1OOWF:R^3%1RQ!K9J2?_07&?FHYSL!L5B&

29FEH!8+1.WD98-=M;6S[DL_:REGE'L3T!

M+72F/.I(E\[N/@\^F&

M.)[(AIA-0F*;7%OY4LT

M;\!F(C_JNYA0F*%S':+4O[:52TW?/Z8)/X%^3'A&VFE:@'5TDPAT34#D$Q
M XB).23ZOK33N;__&C)QUA%HF(+8+F@2BF.B&+%8T#P0Q1 3
TQ$;!@T
B:F7
MRQJ30B
FYIV8NA*#109V C'14@RQ=[X.#76+0DS
.S&Q=YJFY(V/'+-.3&R=
MIAH.[F13JC\F!*33DPL'73J&Y]3$PZ




MS9-BYDF)S8-6;U-HGA0S3TILGN:EHH9A
\7$DQ*+Y\\Z;A
AIIVTUDZWOKB\
MNECZP5?+Y=C?O?3'

3?6]$=;R^Q^%_%:[^



M*]MCOM3EKNUR







H

$
M%     @ 8X!G3-\)R204 @  Z2L  !

MS=K-3N


MKJ;&U0]#OJ6
/I!M8DN4AKZ



M@2*K0)%5H

M15:-(JM&D56CR*I19-4HLAH460V*K 9%5H
BJT&1U:#(:E!D-2BR&A19#8JL

M   ( &. 9TP?(\\#P    !





4     !C@&=,CCZ&_XH#  U#@  &               @ $^$@

M @  








M971S+W-H965T.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !C@&=
3\(ID[0!  #2 P  &0

M Q0    ( &. 9TP&-A;XM $  -(#   9                98H  !X;]W


MT@


BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     !C@&=
+P4##K8!  #2 P  &0              @ %M


M965T

  !D


A@SMYK0!  #2 P  &0              @ $]




M A0#%     @ 8X!G3&PFU
VU 0  T@
  !D              ( !$S8  'AL





M2P$% ,4     !C@&=




Q+GAM




M970S
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !C@&=


T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M971S+W-H965T


M% 















2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !C@&=
1M+_





IR')IO4  %#   &0

M Q0    ( &. 9TR_E/%W+@0  #P5   9                7*&  !X;]W



M;6Q02P$% ,4     !C@&=



   9

M A0#%     @ 8X!G3



RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !C@&=




MD@




BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !C
M@&=


M% 


M        5EL 0!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !C@&=
;L4(

4     !C@&=,WPG))!0  #I*P  $P

[7
MSXT$BT3*T$2(+/ZM4AM[LO$3?N_=O_^7[=^^%K7@Z+0?\_?L0_H1]_R/N=
M0;?H7_['C__\]









MTSON'N@5_;\VW)TN?\F&^=WM_:SH#)MAJBXED/ R2/U!OS^^;OY&=U3^/+J]

^J/\




MG%XY&.V$M?H=GSC6ZA6B[)Q;ZRGS&8GCO:*C!\';7'R:(MCH^TG:)^#%13[
M64%Q;N82

M7!])4$['0^\I*/#S]:#_:33H_/4LA:.&WR


M11M:G



M)-


8






@4_&EEYOA

MLEJB75T['Y7%EW%:Q?Q87%Z-SBP\W /GI=7H1J1;T=E'=-X-TK+Z33[*S669
M5ROK+T%XUJ/]0L1G=4/6=/\U'HXJ.L1!^2[_9CI5_W (I
%=].&OG0F55G?K



I/WSP&;]
MO\Y



O




)O2&


^$HX^X8'-2&KU;^G^.GJ(UV8^2_C_#H/9QT_\7&M:*




![VB6]'N]2B_7JY5

OZ0QTM4
^K.3JP;:S*5I#7&.
ME'AM).WTS%R=MB_:W#VP)-L\+ZOB[OS
IGN?OB#72/N+'(]6@M\MD*\I-9

/(XA1BY!6+;+YE9;?6
M*_I#7EX

C]156;\@P%I8;=[(H!\0VK3 \
MUQCE /?2L-S=!.[I:_A^J8WN
V!B(/.7^]O$OG.2P;6)+!K\7HV*6S+SQ=D
MVB?\)UN8_S&'P+CHC/)N1:9_]HO1\..G?SX+ =B(V^

A^

]_FZ7U
T(N@

G(EUIR]_SK/OO,:2E\/W0%Y(66ZR




MYJ4=@\3_
0#Z? -!?MW_F@]'%3
KP?KC];YJ_3I]KY]-PFV?NLP67\;5+9=E

MFUYG7PU_FPWAQ3
SX$2P_?_1@'9=[)AJ/6UK1&8&\CL = C=*X


\_Y
?OV%NXH

M
M:V^]SAGKUDF)]*GW#V[7


Y+T5_W V#5M%;




MIU-7YP





8/G+/S_Y



M\#&_:*CR294'H[R\]OF7AO*ZA8]
(_$?NGFGN



M




M#3

Y#U@XBT!6X(-V/N@+#419(B'L$H:R=0&TAP+AT4J@3_O+MZ=UJ'#)-4K




MG]A
/PE1+

1O0W!*F2T%A+H


]Z%77!9?(-:$ /0R;\R5&UV-

EL_-X1IVRL&WN[;FL]$?=[O(51;;


&.XQ(+9



M

MS!53''/.O+20KC/$8L,!+9.O D^:^KL+MY
ZLQI%&$!2[20A!6$(LI'+AW



J%OD ?=@3FY8[_-
4@CI*3&

M9X.6&











M/[88/[61()YY;Z
%=(TY:GIC(QMX:'H*Q

M-Z380# !


C@QB
M.N=J:R-X

M

]2]CF+ZV.&P]K




MH@Y.6(^YQ


4C.\)Y-P.+!ZR^9A_S?MC2 4Z@\M^E1RLJ2
4OU
SOEQ8-EY_
M*
GTK_+Q
EA*'HVI[Y,T;9^P?K_?-=*N5WDG!4;7H
M,ZL?GJT%/YQ9G(<]QBO4 B<0VZCC




0X


TBUX)X0952S&F(J=.2EM%4L^(6<MKNG6E




MSTAM92U;I]-:TCO.E;8R'18%(Q_ O&
:)4(;I(%M$X4Z]\Z6X1


ROA

M4C(H#4Y=!BII

QN





_!E]1WVETE
M


Q

(=OEXR(*



$8AGK1
31
9 '1XRG




M1&(8



M8:0!**




MI %R&9NM(-T7@4W

3M;@7 O\:3_?Q
M/P_6/ I


M ?L1*5'OZ#Q9'D_/0H)YU]%YM@W0#


M1*:IW'H@]@6Q87S@(HB&6!Z\8^#[/$\#-B#ECIP@ ^&;QJ:6;.)JNMEQ06P8
MT;
T=9@2XHUCSE//B?8JK44A O8&
DVCZNVSF=H/Q%XO#6'.N\TRL0_SEUJ6
<[P74\3-857C2.J$X1[ON+A0GA
MZ[TTLD$;&0PEDDLO;%I(B]$J1\&UU25,T?.APEZ#NM=2R O!%=,40Q+-0T0F
M]4+V6,G(N0:%K*<?DCT1C;8,(Q5*:P11  @YCXP983P!CMN4V<8U8#):@SS
MR)@\D
P#YAI;QJP3FB
Q]K\6(CF

APW&$/@U_=Q'
.W9I
M(08I%J*$- A
?_JAWO
^)1GWI]&W5'P3!Z4?C+^
+L:]^F+KKNM\BWN(J;
R



RVHY?S(T9]+U/]F#

8!8&/-+6%]TRZI7W*&27X Q/B@-E<2D<C(W,@WXHCXA15GEDN($8C
M)-!:=@JFDJU&HG4M/64%D:IV)#3-


M;)*
8'@]Y8:BP+!!];U%H9E2^T#U_F+I!
GF R1[-BO6D!U3@B'5042EH ]1

MM#2!_ TXX.Z$N(M'OVZKGVH'.NRXZ5 MBW[II4=YM*:B'1I$J BZ8BYL&I
6YR\R:]K]]-?[R^OBD'7Q?;Z*S?K9+<Q6 LXA'RH$80U5 8Z.E)I#ZF6G&

=Z@[&U@:!:?H;Q
MK
L<^7URGK7-B?






HC,&2RN5]-9S

M6I0'A02WV)IJ8*_V#(
C%*&V@\

3UJ\R$KWY=5QM2M

/4W0@,196I<Y&A+J4
&YLY'





MN!].2FD0@G
_7C^P&V*?.4

M+*FHUZB3U.UW!=!UP!P
\Y:


MGDY]0[Z%(7M


M/
+!I:8\#I/0U* !KU;O+0&P!V1;/)^A@BE(9[D(D6
O=-32:4YH:BR.;$/K
M/Z+1JK\^#+(M_BVBJ$7PBED'V8V+5GAM-6+&&$FIKI]_3B'TKI!-^U+GW718





IA%RC0CJ;$/


1R!W)4^
MOQD
BP./+ *4A%O&I224
XTT)$R0XRHI-*$-#8E3;+ =B,4!P&ZL0FE44RE
MC6GG(%W&&#F#*)[FEK0

EM#0?FI8?ZFZ.?O+UR9=XMMQW!X#,@%); WR4/KM+^$)<0VELO):T'


8HHJ%CB$=RS-X\:U

M+(:?;LH\Z[[O_U=6%@GF--1A^Z+P9I;GHU&:NK?(]%TG#:_?=HLZQ3U
R\ 8

M.09$$]20YM)AIZ.9.+)I0P9%BQ\VDJ&D\'ACQ/BLF A-[:-5L23REE#TFR
MW:1
!

.1DL
 B!U7.-;CLQQ@*2Q3]4#A!]+PZ@85QBR/R0TXHQ&





M&8U$?:P.UOB^5
BW=[-]P
!POJMF34QS(B'UY-Q'J873PLIT\A]R4N:W^3[








M:.

*$AK#8
1QLO9@8B]K29A

:^+K&2M!6WBW

MD[%6%/[GM1*TZK]:C_S22NZ#HGOP^H@PU$K(07D 50RF)9ASW&G$&*&AMV



W\M



OJO;QK+O-1T-BVF0;R$B03UF/P?L;H*$
R5M$S
MB +J!Y$4JF5D1T$C7-_T!K=Y^38;=:X@

M!/^$2ZT4B!M8XLPIE*CYH87?#N*NT.\ _K3DAC3[X^SWN+%U&MT^J5\^M;]
MRVL=1*F&JVID-@?7I$GPWH.I!_%E0:RIYA!;2; /U,M$F)PO/16-5H2X*!!
M%B+OP*(Q07*-!2714EK_I5@N6KJ%S^^#U@;$S',$;$1,2O2Y%*1^@#($+D&
M+3*RGG=VKD:K&P JX2/5OD7_+V73Q.QQ?&^^S=?X&#7;.6LEM4 K^%85(

M&ML&/7M$#4K3IL\8JJLT=XPZ0/7!OI#]U!C*\ZQ7W1*(NOU7)-++ZGW?EY


MAD0TE7L(;+UUJ:F88-5!)-ULLHA:




&4;XSL5Y5\TJLNHKC\^GQ

$3+6W#]!JTM&3R 'TW=/AZOEW5@.KDVG

M(




M
/7SX2Q_W67/=V6.ED(:O#[D!DCQX%-$XB0!QP]U]1UMA'P+5 =97ZQN_*



2;[X9C=='&M8P%NZ;_(/

M_' N*7\

-I.:TL1:B(.P]P2*0^JH#E:N[!8_*
MS3]N^]_ -6;5!7+7M]D_5M@U?3W??DUM6T?4]W;
+412^YDB2&/KV#.1RJT





M]I:#VZPWNDW



F5JC:$U6X+_[:-I)Q62.QQ:@[@5_







MO:T5TLVN';L ;WF[ATB%
#/

B20'WO
MY

*5QL.B^S2M2S-_G .






4[E19




YM/0B$MAJ
M_=34FE/$3?.(1^



MF?;;






M)[7Q9KFG--9Y2HKH)$7 G$V4,N5$)5(2A' RT+7W)RF+^;:/C5CZO.H 1&
MTNA8
$/1*B*!?)NAQJAU:I.M4&R



-$@9!*DPW\1 !5)C;X
TLM9B@VJK
MA;:CY=6GSZ/Q[*(I^RX=V4(1GOR$RD(:GO.(-95(_D
650*NO7!?3L(R(B^R



M$BH*MX*RU6%*D)) ;;6G_Z?U3%M)3-XLKU[(NH@U387F4L0.GLG@?/LK=2I
M.@I@E8U)M&H+=J%2XED(9 NU);Q+?),,R$$ 2,0D$3QQH+
-C5=JDA_U+T%
M


I^LA8N:2

7=8
M$K.Q*#31)8

6SM\2SMC2P@
M%S+5$

0&5;51JHOPQTP=N&6ZAGQSW
M/5^XVO[C:

M- $;$K9'C@;4Q\40M*1]2G&+T-J1B3
7'.EB4FX6Y0 X&CKJ
62G*2I601BA

]
9;)%\T*/KW\]%I/R/WS6QZ^;/[%*MR/C1B
MU(:SS*..61*&(J 9@).UYQ8V(W8W)#:A^1[0&=+$&1&@E75T1ZT*I*MUJJX
MJ+@#K6HB
D:A]%I- J KEJ17Y0Q]8S*[OW^V#
=@I:
MU0C<D4PK$:M/U?*T-.N+SHTH%&QD-C<F^&&9'RS4C1EE84ZY!*OZ(B.&$FU)
MW+*\.8_9T&P</.#!RN)()C(P+'6V


K05&T92(/

4PL!4\'\=:[067\E@0D0)0($N'D!U@;9



:#N$
M ;H]$SC4 
ASDE/@:L0$

5P65I



E(!$78H%H;

M!5 @*?)6-A2M



M$ KBN&\DD'Y*E),8 BHF^OLBFZ'K)@M^BY!^%#=HN[.X N5NH
+F1

%3M%8$KDU0KM(6[_=#$LR?W8E
MO]2N)H3=-$T9W);SW8*IX.O9)X,A3*$&+D8QW!_:\+#7BKEFF0HD?7!#+;
MT_D C YHG
?.K
V



N*,F#!^YR]L) 1(SBSY!+6BF9-MN:A+S:Z3#8&B@!@0(^?H1$
M.D01(@6UDK_,Z198$+;F\$U,K_]^5N1-@1@N!J!@_)*)4SKKSQ A-G)F I
MIH'G3C2BW)FT 7 17$0(7A66 53 4EL*7M34C!0V[(SUQP2#I+&UVC;'U\2
MRM':)8B.^01!JH@
H)T]-


#JT%

94A5:!FN/&08KNS<#Z3M Q9=H$V7/K
M!9U1$.01GNO^DQ2^G2T+S5'#;@RLZMBYFE(C$G<QT9$BZQ
B%JX[$O$&J2S

RAJ#@*4P9I3311QBD!4^FRS+33$-LD!6\63=T00?<E?VU?
M=N%M)I5$<A4@;8Q%JT3HTG?ZA*;1

JCI.XA_DIJ
M*LC
EX/P-'R
MJ54EJ]5:<?

M8]W(O=S%D$O)V('.P8F%R4$TG-A6.*$W9&ZW$
B@U.*B;Z2K[
)PL'W1.71R


BZT
MAL+6?O*:^
Q=]U8D_BA-HM_4?4OW[,+J
M71ROSX_(TV?\-E4^

7?ASMV&NSYS8@PZ3($/S2LQH;BZBOC0QMEU
M+=R&*+D?U78=U=82JD1R8EO&7,BJ..=#V2MO%CFW#ZT:AVZZA.SFMCK8Z.
M@FA9$WHH

Q!YK8#


 5Q.2K\7'?5ZEVW3+3M*21V=I#SML?
M1GD2)X















[._=&=I
M-/_X9C;]
C[I3N*WO\ZY T =3T:DSY

!4 #VZ&0

XWES1H%YSTXW
T




M^N;CMZ!K:#A6#M$J2?:(P(PF..TJP;=L' ^.2'G)L/*%B8J[TC74A)H01G+D
MU2QR#;N.;%YDD3YGGE[6')U[6.C[MYJN'HU14
;IP-R9\]7D;Q_'QQ\OK,N
ME&#$I.%K%V*VX15J


M
 N)X!N2M0

MD*4
QA1?*6ZT*!DU&[E 6ZN 2 $$#9D;TK G=BKS\@WH&_K'RJV3
0Y/XK
M@12TDB'+6&@)





MK66(VVJU



!MS
M8Z]\/J._W]#/IR=]\\^WH]^W-J.J2JE

(/WPZX;#VKL.]:?FWBL:AA[/6A]- $&J131



(H4 MG67RU1L



MQ?2CM0&+K;8&KQQZG[R47/_@M-C$MP_1M!\^ANIYR4MR?G4.AD_?BPDQ
1\*

]H;#P
M[/: O!V*+(,PK@I+QI<





JEY.BC4Z@Q7IROQFCMDYR
MM:*OC%W:W






PKF' 05
M0M$4I6JR!A;Y=*%-C%]


HFOVUKP05Y^PWADH:O$=D2OPQX&


MHK#*BF28P13PF1/CDQ-DG0G!LCST

MLJ
@*Z!(( J^2X&LT)!4T?!Q=DWH0 1$'CE*@9A%X;BMPE$/B,-60WB=E6








M*KO;?=K*&Y=7MR

[.FU




MM'U3L;E\NO*S?^QQ ^P'CR/QF5?$041M6$)O7KP6E
0JUK8W#(Z_%XYT
'





Q@.!1U\40

MEBDB%YV*I+VK-J5V$.4+); Y:1XBZ;X




*:)PL6V!KN1B5OP3+=*A69K
\R2J-.182RW!2QY0

MF70(_!]8_Y83%T&6N16J3*;2&0

M6 (H&PEF4F0=LK($.DL[ZJ#O%WL0BW1H[J *H:SFH9S:27*DLLC8'^_;4(QI




BX9# ; MX]55Y&Q_9T#LVVA92SMJJ(P)01.D=$I*0F29

U6OK@(+I(:J!$R1E-M$*5)6TZ/9C=Z=QER4WQ
M6@&(FJP&
C\(P9= R#Y;E;1OM%

YM/3\4F_^U_1'KP[
M-N1ZON)OW8=E]^




MP7





M
WDT+6EO$Z3$$F0P?-7?!R#MN$RYB$8&Q_7M:;!G5FH) @( U:^6@#19HH

M6WY=M



6K]V

M




SH.ZE]?]8SUW7<R.$3T]_/V50PV<1HZ7C1FZOI*T%


MD7AIOL?5NWY:F




*9*=II[5)=)CWR;?#0(KS+U9






OZN?1]]N)'DZFMRM!.TU^-6$TU+'7SK^
M/;]K2


/X1DOXS&IZ-WIUV=




ML!YHU79

M]$5!KAGV&

M6TU175HE7[X(^2[D^_K\;'[&C?XG'W;/9]W!Z.H:D
L)G2)X49+&(*74RL4*

[



M;^X?5[R7D;[\]T7%YKCCY@KR[=?IVX_3\SF9S[=?N]


FBHI;)+5U


M#I'#RH(K#DA8!!2)XT46J
?2=TZ-5Y18'N0:#Q5HKD-T%)-R^.7*VPA-R
M94,%$237W8D4JLQ:&M


\1$*$CS4;R(


%/)1:[



PM6KZ



M95E
 N^4;A^:;/:M/F!%




V2)W^'L:

D#1D@[&ERIO2C5

KEOD


M)5I;L

M?!*S51PQ&YW &^]E3*3#Y+&*CKKM\N*7W+T]

9IS
L:15X
M-Y+C'FM\8L+WC-8[+_B@TGND=8QUL8*'M%4I!TON/.[%):RQ(\!C;YW4T01%


M25Q@2DOE SY&+P7ES:-78D4
WQL/36[MM7


PW5

MK8RT^W;1.[]HQVIQ6N*6F  V5


W
M
R+_]PTVX4^;9.OF;C;^




M8GM






GDKI*X!9^

02\A


MEHB/I]/COZ_FY

MG7;_^T_OZ9$OWH\^C4^__?!V_*F;'_W2?3WZ=?II-/FQ_]U\_-_=#U)\/OOQ

?SS962

T8M.03LY7E'[T:S67<Z9RZ9C://



M.Y*\-VV)T^E77C;:




MC192ERADX1J7%)2MJ$0N&'7ELZ#G&QCT[\O=^S%%9=V+T_&7?O6O9$A:P4+L

XQ'32SM\/NY58W1\S/N 7O/R:/C)I!FDHN
+




MR_)L)


N2M*R+HBA1S7R1Z

M8/S3NS *U;L_S-?)


PPS!3'LQ8T\0K_^(99AAF&&8. S-.FV'F]7;H3D$G

/L?1% @\^QS(

T$QOA.5C/X#43A233&(F0W









MERN84%W\

M70AXK#3UFKBR\I=5,#II?76Q3^FP Q B4S+*P 9YEJDQ*5C8=K
'-;MXCG
M*Q;LXL_:FT?WL

O

('\E+
(?P;8(TWR(@G2BY@\8PQ





=&UT\RX#U0HE6H(9[;MK]F/4M.9X;N6YOVLVZHVJ
BC
K6]U;FNH
MC+O$'+5J(E1)5F8G;QJ[T-]@%K4%/!@U*F\DC#=]?M6!(#WK556:MK1CYG;/








W/?Y4Y(E/G?FLK]I$
MY+

5]5(_BK0@I6F3OIYSB:1'A
M+0







M?7L+T





%8%W




3)C6%[MC^-&'1^

+
A182W0K)=UQGC86E@%YN


 U+DM[$#S$45^+=B\17/P00
MCL45 BNH2H1
7Q/X!_LU:^2M3U
5$VZ^T!WZN1WHX
I31;;'.=E'L?HM!0IC



M8YV]

$#ZO

M




%!8P!L&

M^KO#?/\1HD3B#D8$!;B5][09CW3LT2&XT!W ;J'6(_#'L=#9H S.U=I\

[K];D9;+NRA
)NZN#+7^EIC
M!#H
((!_Q$PEA=M1Z&4(5R'\P+=ID)&7J@1[OU'


5NZIFU3LUZU
M,<'D0G8KD(GXZIN*R4A*?F&<@S

M ^H(GT+Q-QFF
IZ)O@%@T@JH^(


DZOARA()TKH,=!GA;32!G8



M)C/L)STI#TRS!5R=1JW16
TRVU7O@.G%I$B 9*G)-(AF*HOO S
A1B_J7$'/

\B *V7/@PC=44O6!%W0D-LEMU71Z1$V=?0\C E.*
MZ,!K-7P=F@B_9.S'7KY-ZWR?7H[XH4.N^9N64WC^=W\5(

WI'&#OF%;8&UXZ;ZO@ T_@U(*#&&.5B@L*-6ZH!*[ 1CRH
VY2W:+


M\!6AA&F3 E*&A\MT!):VJFT2+!IZ ]Z)H4%]S=T5PD&Q*C LS3*#+D'D:!
M/1@#4^I\V5^0'WG0I\T&_R[49JV CO2%V([FCG@#%-N &&H


0;
MP?8)$C65&&L(W)3(%+WON6J;FRLCZ6;Y7Z!H 2=C*Z1

M*&GFH&)QJ$M/S@0%E#$?Y +^RB4952_\


)/
4B9C
M$:-@ '-
\A E?.(PL
@4=* 5]WC^;#PH2@

MN\SW[W[H3]*)D/?W


W*)TB57GW.VDC;T*=DP.7US#+Z9;Z=6J-EC6Q



9X*/#,\7I-@'QHHK1

MW&:D


M+X^MCB&$W*GUNQQSDC#2,-(4S;2=.T%F%3^W3/2,-(PTAPLOZ?]FEC9\T8:
M#M8XAF-7ZAXST56T


9!D


M1\ F




6\38F7D;GO9:T:6^Z


SG(
^G1=_^. 4CB\H.;Z CU/XB)@/[@[/:7Q$S)QV


_L/LV



PX823\6$QG_JA+Q((-TM4:#U
)3V)
&4(6.@R4=



MY


M\-@O5(]TGIL?^%*#AGH*[S301!]-V?P/W!S%:+C8:]%ALY2;(S-T]I-_;O
M


M)*WKXC:-



K







18[66+RN7!'#E3



%L
M(-BYGWU@K!









#Z#Q(WV@R#$M@#)@_P2J((#6W
M15-4C)4'P^[ W5OQ[#*?A]CLP/1__.+K7Z\ MOP$_]JM9W;X6#0O6DX@YMN
,.B H)CD:M+6FG1Y4!
M58 T@.=D.LBJ;8<H9CK)V


VH\OK[E6[XPP&PZO&L-/H#J]:G5[/:5^7+L(V
MY75%.I%01D






+

#VP%[UF%.W@5FT
M6+0X%IE%C$6L*B+&AR/LP=V6?M_FY:[8/F?[_$5R=&N#-O?&88E@B6!/+LO%
M/K73$JJA'#;
8'^-64Y%GM@3O+^BX=4A7.4PRSJF;R1V)MA4T;:R4EV)U-\R








 '#P

4_D)A -KZ@5#?IWY
K=JP
MJ;R5&?\


57Q&O&N[[R_GZE.1??]8T'-)8VB-C]]%M)UXQ05

MKB5





=9:P8$ =EY]&.!W
S.EE4(*7Y+90P8!GO[2*G\?:1ABKL+


?S

\%1QF4&2#6;FR*D*!STL#'&KD+7B-73Y96SY'^!)BEN2 '.E2P!

+R/\LPS##,
M' !FN.\-PPS##,-,R<6\RJ\6I47_U:8.9[TNH-3[9#A)_
@4XR8\+68RAG%
M&6  JO=@\GU

9WN.%'
F]?=*3M6R3







MT\:^66MV5MLXL#7 PL7]68Z=:WM^B

MK=7B]MSL0F$PJR([
IB]TCAL#QC

M


MDHIXQ



M



M%?

#ARW.\U+CL#YE
8B]O6O CA9

M

MHX+MLY3K:XHL(@93 .\OA
A*LRRRX0WM-/)A5HXYV#:#JC=&&KM@X*3@
M_=.PV'WB(?(];&UA9FT(A7-5L)?


MH



MKEL? 


N%#YM&KR58I!+

]O8&7





MR(T9?;%'2I08NFXZ20/:#/3GS.:P!8Z5J'&C0-7@Y:=S-NOFMU*R
%VNS

2
=(]T:D:SOV.CHSTFVK

'4W!URS)B)4XA%






M)DJ=* IM8@M



RBU9.;[A2\R!!ODB.X2<R3B9H=ZJ+1K^5MER(]



@




MC4X 4$+LX(G@I
=1&G@HM##)B?!)C0+R!#64H@Q#:AN'PBD@U
DX7_!R6QCL
M5T6]J.#7-/2S'F_X%%?&




M\I U@_%J&8MV4*MI_M4#CDJCQ
$@X?G$TP

M0.W#J;J2FL-#R^E^6!+Q5D'$G]C+IO]XWM35U%76*B^[C$Y#%(=
3_:P
W5!






A4)9PJAL1%Q=1P_
1


K\0
MKEA2Z0C&C



MGMF8?X[J^2KP@.9)-
+?EP



M_-$8VX.N9U /* J$1$.K^
R%QS(

N?AL@IV(TSZ!'7B?[1;('C^!

MU3!H



_:J^'?YM5^*+Y/8PZ2HX_
&!5DJ3F;
M1URYVSA.@94R]PQ8T87C;API.^1&(Y8
+?AZ(6%1^2 MS\_.U\,!*51\)'


MNE
*=L5[0)ML_U4@]M%

)2+:9


M9IR
J!@]=*?FR_46Z_7FJGV1%O0\5-1=
[I.\671PVIYS)?9BBBS



8C:VG

U2RAC
)B%]BKPC



;W)]#?R


.XER?:.N

4'YF

!IN6P4U$U#\7H44WSHK;@+23G3%



MAOCN3]*)-5HU:XU& __?#@]L



*;DJB*&T#\^#_6*E0-*+8[



M^JRGTLT_O][)_NA[R1C^A#5E3=CQ0%).M?HA_V

M:;?N#&/FU.G__N7RT6MK5&=K.NSM!WX\+_Y
%G_&#5#-?95H?7!BK2$6TVV^


M&F[=6I0;MFX
4L
IX:DE!JC=%\]*E@LK+Y_ 9-Y06RA0(6)7#@&LPV?E.YIQ


9



A8XYH2R&$=1






MBU&LT/4-;TSI1
0RL1=
-Z2=^[.PVL,45&A)V:^KCO8X4=K)5!
MGQ(4[_/ &I8:EAJ6&I8:EAJ6FNKIM16R






MYIN5+(FO5'GDDM[3D$K:B
^!#



MN
4_R.S?0_:;ND%6C[/7_O(B/V460&?TD0G
M
L3)




MF'2F/!DS*NI1VEKO:TZH.OZ$JL%))%0=54I2Q6[G?*Q];\N5
M\[&VW4'W/3O.$F.)8(DHSZ+7R*;Z_7&VKENK#^G9(TPA/9U9Z=M%61@+=Z
M?%@FSE@FFH-.K=$9L$Q8V%@K=.Q0)FWGN?8RR[6?UVZ;OB;7_HBH63D\LHY!
ME3_6X+Q4/M'BTV(&&@::/0/-H
]S]D1U2+&#E1AW+^8<

H;M5=G
IX1FD0-?&H\DY80HHD2D#_

MZZF*A1[+6 %EA5:!:1&FOBLW!3[!.8]\5\5:R- 340(CB0DEK.B\%]CB6KS$

_:GHO+B38MR(A$#\6V&3
ROS_+F-W_#1WQEDU^789NR:F



M&=\KQ(P'%1QKY[*ZN*6)^UG;QIJ=6??;J\U#=WJ966O)C-0A1?GBEQEK!H%M

M ]/K-



M_U%Q9&=VP'5V'#U.IPS7 ##OPCE09 [:'S7#NZWYWBZ@R;'J
FIW2W89K7(%



@1&Q@F_
!KVJ



]8^Z/MHQK?UUX;$@

[QT)2F0?CAC0_L_'_$^PWYC_[_


ND_.VB[PTNDWYQ[C /^/#].+_A8-IR2KYR+LW5W:+?+
MZ[8\E+R#]H[O-NK.?:*]KR9B.?==)R%EVMG%#675KUI3S3/J&[&6?H-GC_E

AKUMC5Y.A6)X()9
M58X[IX\K
4 FEXZ..K;N:+COG)%/(06\4T9MEHY F6W#





J&

TW2UEHOAU'H].S4E-G'S$B?G:JVDO0H/=7.

62OD0C:+FO@M&K=-=THWS#/Y].[\K__
M^(=47]Q+.?WAVM=N$.DT5I]&5]%DJD(ML4/N%Y//=!7I1!
P4_;V9TD%-?0W
MV#





_P*E9UEC;#_E$RNGUNE: Y^JR,!!8*1RE&9



+UN7[9ON




MOFF8Q*#ST#

!\






M1[S\^22VG(C8W=STQ-J954L.

'4



S8V/Y*&/OH G[U9'
KK6(X%
1
M
 ZA/V-Y
.3H.TW'&CU8+E@NCEXN'-XFV%EI
1;WB5









MN.






04P8E3AVS=.

M6!!9$$]2$%M+@E@402-@IMLR*IGW*E2Q#$ * Z5U413ADA ^_UN9[4Z#WNJJ








5\Q7QT+K9BOF*^LTXI#(VV'
M1FY=F;/Z(ET=

M8K?GUS^951((&VS )2B)C(T]TP8DE;+RNBHS*RM3%O)_X(A-?!3\* I]GR7\
M!WZ!'ZG;\NPB\6
A@C@K6XV+&X_#0!8(YHM%%/[ ;HV%FM7K'*/J4Z_Z\'A!


DGU


'

/LR*28VJ:2(BZP1W'M+)4?@X%;/


@)?TD#J)D[Y1)W'2MWKK&W42)WVC3N*5
)?E=51WL!;[8\9G



M-$J7ARDSC]?1/BCQ#/'






-O@B7&\A7MYJ(4_N($^N=C7!NPUM1PE,4?^R
M+17 ^'AG/!P6
\S

M3I


MMTE

QT%EM4CGMG7L@T1;5

M7BV(GA4[M[#^/OD[)O%7;?P9NV
UJ


K#*7$D_1^$\Q UJ[K.YB+ #X
2+J;HXF:FE




;O?](NY

MV6



5\++6MT*-A(Z3X_.K1G_98%S_^



HDI-!8N$BZ&79N&$4MF

M1VVU6L@VJKUM9/=MLHWVMXW.
C$ J&4?A[V^Q0/LKC:'PI2Y/3XVSF8]WJOR
M_SE6P.K2=@



MW__UG__QSQVNS+_Z#$N*^P@#E*7\3TO][=7N
)E?]K_?[M^AWS)O !=Y/+









M3 =?GY( 9AT8.
@5*4TSBC?J43P[8&4*18#4/ .[
M+.==<@MJ2NJ^-
H([QGNL+EG!7.5..?@KLSF4DD$XEF'-BH



M@*5I_)@M83G#;B%O=8-LD1/+;


MG &O_#\)GLQ0GEG]&(VIQ1AOP@34!MO?:V%E_'Q913D,YP_H*4ZA8E7;NO





-$0T1#95
0\VNMA*71$-$0T1#1$
'



MEC[;^4SP1%%L2H&N%&?5QM&_:%LMC7W.*7Y-V/L[2BG9J=\X)F(8I?$[2.







&HX:98D1O1&]$;[H.MU##4=KC)/(R0/.(O*CA

10]3L/H@4<3;8L'(5:_?$Q1
M*FT;?N6]L_XMNS[UWR .( XX:PYH]7?V8

?=YY&56
M5RQ (#QP!7E


%C


MU;F=2LMJM+51T'DP#0'FG '3L6Q;VTF-\P 

M-TN4VK(1AQ*'$H=6BD-[EMTK*0A.''JH24_=E0X?7
E-A@:RD]*ST1URJ[QW
MPVK5:-H6VU@M_I#;6\P+7#^=B G\0_9^O:M5*HZ024SD;6PLMT-8/:-BF%

O0UX8E@OW[Z&%L2

]C(059]
H6Z+*D_4+P+Q


BUDDIH NZ:=CF%Y&'@(0'9MZ\&*/

M%3X9A8$


MNQ
!QLC@[_&C?-8BO]0/YAX8,9& B8^AE\F#T($H)L!:(('2W2,/K:L8C 1
M] ?3RKA


M


Z9.;[-


D'NV3X5#Q[P6+!:_8%G




M:Z6(-@SHP8
.:*2=U8-T(1&X%P3^!GV \28^O@<L)EDD


MW+ 

[PM?8G5N9YN6#V5


M7I'EZ35Q8WR/#CR3LI6D;#MGXU%JS1:]_

S2R@1MGA=
MRW+ZSW






M8U7Z#$E1:H$L
:K*G!6OD&
^0-P?7#GH<JN



JXGB^CEE31E
MF2'0@#2*)=C'6&

MJV*&BS !U92%D&6]/%FYCL_!E
^J_2EH9'W'(N'GE8[O8:AA&F]X!U6O.
IQ
MFF

?C+&/R3I8+'!S5];Q7=8%OD+8E4'+:]VM@'27^&-X/E65I#9EW?EDSGF

MR&5E.C.'XW_!?I6J@O
U4G
.L\BF/$XN[R)5+C#@6:K?:L;4E%NR/C6

0KA
M9V!GK_T

&2V((U4KP20'
H$7AE_/0'WS@\7\VRE

WDS[B93B]



M1Q09(


.:



GBO@H^V2W:M@!


LJYTH&C?


M!/ZU2
-SI4;(9<EFS?M9?A+/PS2963+X]S] K,!'D5\_+_<
M\U-^B1:EE1LM[(

M4)JHCBGKKF#+[^(.9KBB[GIBW'G:I[&2?F?F:!J4US6$-%$BH:73)G%&$?


]A
M;)=CGL!/CJL.@3-/5O2UR+P1Z00XN58285/K^7%V2QB)PO)7GBNEB8:F5_
MYR:2J91400I=^KV*-!5=R@:M8#WZ\H_
_GJ8A6#/\.RS;'='C@VF4P((B01!


M



'UR2N^
#YLW3=3E'P#KJ[JW@HW
M_XI4K3PJ8D--X_TJP&+!576*#CBB#4%40*M418P2R;GG01Y0\C%G1BR$[!*T
M


M7FT:U?+A^%
M$L)F]'I$G5NKEJ:!P2OJ&1A(?66PYPXDG_S!L;=%'LG:
MM6
_-9RM0$09A



1/6K:JQ(!(Y!!9[@U^R0(2LJ5Q'E+QB\W5
M)3


M&=(TTK07-6WGKBI':^UM?+54:J2XYLQV]97Y

MQ#/$
\0SQ#
S


=]^\_X79O&H#+*8=
-H!J]P^R%EO IWUR]
.&.V F29Q


M\0SQ#/$


M:
@Q


M_:3C6'937Z;Z*](Q!3[DG1.B2K21VVU]*_F9((K\^Z-MV1DD..-8:P\L-@&+
MDQ#;1[V)JHPWU?5MAKXFOGKLEEK-YL[%

H3F2G:0R$4(C.#U)'(;$_GL-4G
M


RS)[BK3=7MX<.#V


1OQ&_GR6\MRVZ4

JS'L<CI3=.PED8(4=*;H+6G<

MT3ZQ6F(:8AIB&CI31*E.1Q AG2DR*.6R@IF5=*:($$&(H#-%%*XY/!&'.#
];ND'CC3-K?SS67[9
MS7SAAX]L$Q([+//@Y<WN8XPUL/U<

M
 


\(2K1!!5'^-2^2C9!=]13@#F+ZSQD!=(ZE&H
M&XL[H
^382Z9
'1M/' ]DC8C$_80QA]ARGD;.X%WCR=XPBTO$HRBT#X6H0R

6^*5FN5:T UMFZH=M;\O]0$TJ8Z_'L!.LOX
O


M6E]4.)/!L
A48N)$GRXVA74;SI6W]&6'V@*!LJV5P@2-89$
MNV.UNMHB8'6!!,5?M@CV(^82X/][NV9ED&-T7 :J3UG\IM5SM#6$JKTG0. B
M<.TA)PKID9N]N_QNTRCPDC02%IMZ/_ ?L;00DR2U;\90Y148X_#:5C-GK;R



0SE_R W(S#.*F\W$S+KIX
M

;9&.*-E!DAJB&J.:X5./85K];TA93
MC:E&1S^0/7IY[-0#Y
-\P;U(MF5XO?6'


B3]YBIZX<

610]49WCGW0 \#





8? 8!CD3]MZ@L7[^3!]6G$
 4

M!-4BWC.ZZHBY$BQ!%[^!\XF!'%@HP

M;^[3V-B^:;2:+?A_^V;0OAZ-!MW1=:/7'PR[MF/W1G95&AL?$N&COKMO#4U0
MW]UJMYXU['+JNWM




D_KN4F2&J(:HYAB9*]1WU[2^NQN[[7X1KO#N






.-Z)+BI#O4A-SJ\Z73)

M1EM(Z28%Z5HL%H+]&B:@'FV)3+M[^(IRSB(?2#=#FOOP7S)F#ERKT/D*'P+T
M)A9@R_^0ACV8U5INW[2O6G_7([O









V&&6#E9?C:MMO
M3'(M.9?U&)TM?P?CB-T$N!%'+8\)H&8!U(!&M-E3I
WZ[!&&8=F\?LB[2X]T

D%?92


T[T\R#9R[;I3-WA/8CU
M-2@S:


I^PKI_[ %%S8J72Y72UI7J;@AD*
MMQ$BWH(ED-;

;A(_U;8(DC![9G ?\3E4F654S
M!6





M]E72QP+XF-\)EB[PYUJFM]EH;$R8.$A5QCR*A!_CRX5IQ.9IDG+??U2IOC#\
M*
1B&S&\2R_L+ XWI2[(),$A,C!^Q(.'[
99#

M
18+TO3@4YP&F/ Y_ P6JKL9*YYK :UP.E=P-2Q6\C[X2SD\_./9?$O]D9*/

M^23Y# 9? R/%&U)X#K*X[


=


1JD70!M[&L

M7*P
+:#3J$+QQ.IR(JV'L;WA!H
MZ%$])7OX\I9@1@8Q5\_P\M\0;PK9T\?H=[FXB\U-&1/Y#EX:RF+W.HM*QX
M[Y7P,MM*BX;8&\K/'ZQI!1V*P)+S%HD2T7,Y2(,\YS?QPQ4+2:+$9KK&N\%L
M%ASPN-U\WG6%M5Y?Y5#+\4=?A,L7TO_]B[^^3%]@_0T$Z[U [^*)@U?PW 91
MA,PD;=0G7MJN /=63Y<I^V@Z6F^R)^$0-_YKZ,<EA6[E^V]I7!H?)W3]3

;4?*X$&A'+
+XA6=(YTXJC
MC
ML73:5O[#/?=3D1
MCMD7
:Z67!

;%/S#GHAIQ[E%6U;
ME;IJ
2CEK9M73OMD;SU)(]1._ *N]D*$YIT7!)(I
A&TE B6+ONZ:'K+%:X4



WG8]QJ5K=

MDG2.*HF\.U#W^%]8JMDXDBL

QNW A1

M



0_@*8Z?+?


!7/@Q5


MO6SL



EHQ6(!KH\JWER$/'F8&I
$=M)]G&186XZ7-[ ;
M(J?L@FM))=AM:7PYNT#&3
;OMZ4]O'%K_LF6

MQ6TC/@:&K?76LWI#VGH^QM8SNRCNCX(6B;M0;M6E8]?G*3IC.+'YM@=(\I7M







M='5E2MT4/53E91=W9==BFNNQW6?9(6M^[A/9DSNK:[RO4K54V&6XA8_QS*P

+QL(
@[SJ
A9QJ?S

?X+LJ5W3C.C?M3?)G14Z#R\W'#= YN64$*,)5)NJC
MCJ-1985&*=8!D+I2YYZ(!E

MV

M%3O22F?X2=



YMF\H@MVM6?^/.76VEG8F0%

7&$/[#F
5W9TA\] ;P*AJI')_LGRKACNXFRN3A%D
M_9
'ET/V




M3]
/LN;.-_[C1A7=&8I 3+WD&PIH']NH.Q@
K^W.=1

M:MA@*S4[%;:-U):6[^
4(N=F98I@AE7%49Q.3Q'UOZ^^7K%O\(]E=2.9+9)=

M
+A2P0?2-/

M4Y[QAR.HUL%Z[KW=/)I SCOMGFB(:(AH: L--;OEUW8B&B(:(AHB&MHNC5;?

8)3[2=E2(./N-ST



MSP1/%





M+$12GSOJW4F:=C)-VWFCGY)


MP'T+-Q(3+U$6XJ_ :44#4=L6(+%SC4OZ.8YE]_NZ5
44?)1MR1 D:@P)NVOU






MX$3Z0_ISW 0Y@^RG

MX[24

MK
BA]Y@6D5.-:Y=?M*Q&6QL%G0?3$&#.&3 =R[:UG=0X#\!0#. 8.5P&R:RZ



MO O@1Q-$T





M?N;(L/Z4:[Q[38&5M2.:G?+[TCV'3(66;CJD3ML
M?(S#))H1?205L-S60V=



 7IL'L43UY58$MU #KPO\N!_W;K
%8D6&'SPXY%G30
M$2UR1.@8Y-&RS$G92-FT90\==B+5G(!

MM]*82

S;Q0*A1K KN)#/!N*K* Q<M
M4BR\,WYD?+'P'T&;Y?=QPI,T:-'-A4 '^Z#];M\@K1_DS#_Z
+'^G=L+*9A

L=M-+4'V3J7#U':CTJ.GEZ_*R]
&A0E)*S5S

Q;EV0]9)@4%G/0'G)P26COL$4$J@75ZVDYDFP*-LGTIPD.-\= B.! < ZK
MY8%J#+[9\C3(ZRU3LH7&@W19=ZM.^/!G6!AP9B*J)(3.1W/(Y%$C








M];!YW1MV1VU[5/6.I=O.H3#Q _\MV ./6;24(O

MW&A&45=
4D]FA A[3='8'3ZZIY+2&UN5'&!39(1^O23))TE'24VE#JKWX!
M[C.




M4I[


I
M


M&DUML#%E=H^/CK-9D_?J2'.&18YMJZNQ/!PM0W5?AIQ]VD#4=QFRK69/6T


$4?:!EZ8PX:?7X-!$1+4:27L(HPQ.6HUH



!Q-OKZ*_9VBVV9;=(;.-?*#%JDZ@:O9UG8
6L3)EW<I#

^[EI]5KZG#0$5OR;8DD3=!5(DF-)-FW
M&GU](3PBR1UMR[?7(7BY;,#F4@._\2%E_-$_&GZ





$IEQ7*A]K3 ^W8TJ8:SE


M;4U@B7IKG+3?:FESEDS1_;)M%
274AABLFYC;38U'*M!)ZI*=!7KY1$.



MNSQ_$3Y/Q.0SCY+';Q$/8N[*=D![=WENWK:Z@]O;SNWM3:/=ZC?[U\.VT[T=
M.?UAHVMW!E7O\EP4#GOPDAD;7 XM-IB/Q;WL@3P8_O8!Y11[
0@4VSICMV35




M19 *QKR ?4K@
8R[;I3-^+'0@2QBF(81#MU:=03--J]LAK)W 1N$HQO[L$

SQ22I/_.%I
MOJ^8+$7!!0HN[%!UT:'.W80(0D0!$2V'MF0($82(%2+:?6T^85T00:'G-PC_


(G2NJ/
MR)$
RFYRK[8+RO!9E*2HYB9UJKD:;4][9=OAV.KL8V8W&+-6
ZQ5G\7)K
6L





MS\D)S6E



VCV$A$?.V[(@&[


QI@DILAAC
;8O
=82Q+E](PM\BFZ=(+TMN^ZR1ZY^


8LQBS&+
8O5KO;K

MY@#'*MQ:)\-&3T[]/!;'!+/#$;














ML^H0K:?FZJE:%\CLV1VK;HE[V*GB^C&

M^LPNN[!+VUW?^F:Q[X3&_8H+VK9%U&;AF!*9$O58.*;$8Z;$XW:KT

MOQ1O[TRJ&2EIMSY


MI7
_JU=N#_Q0G.1)S';WNQ^:W.0S(&C'#PV_7&8C%@LG1JHTHA5^D1A1EB:I

H &&;O'^0GA_:


R




8#LQ
MF
4


MY!W77S11?V'U:BG &(RY!J&MM[=[]*V:_&[N Q L!^8BT


9OQ[S*#
H+54PB A'649S-9B;::T0Z T]1:R



M2^1K

MGJZ9SK
%F,=9#IE:!Z:4-01<(&[3YG2*_;]8K*,RE[CBLP
MFZG '-?3 6NRUSJZ=I=_MFGNQQ[?U
QXVA5Z6-
RY_*
SU7F?#@1Z6)Z:]^

H9W#L/EV#JT@FAH]W4?I$?B;3!4QWJ9.O!I HQ[M^EM9?M
&S&OC1@:
M6J9MU59ZH0M+-*T2



!?

MOB@O7L22TII;Q=J%\3MF7HT4E
-)C[-Z':L^UCRB#+FC]!L\'.6IHL?6&N=A
MT;3+D=B#(]&+


T=V?6[1QU;R*-RCS(_'[
OH=OJU\=.A


7K^YBZ3JE$L'/\;R%(_@=XAA\:





A#!]W#.-7L9
^N02
 ^Q-1;$.
M
OOE-3NWM#K#Y3LMZ8@9L.T

MYE_[P


CH=





M7;=K6L'KX2

M;:K]




Y

CFL
3
C9\\_5IM&;YD;5JP_HP_3#],/VT:'VT.?Z;UE6/\^1F=]RZ.VXC
M.&J$46KXH1MD6*WAAX6'KBSU@]5TL\1_5N<!#NQW1HW419XQJ4PG##U/16&



HW=;8)I#@?JTAKMLD!\!!WW$;233_6 CZ#Z\JAUV5L^
M@IICFEWTE6

M@#9;+]$&%^FD6Y]]^NP%TX5V:A1N+PU&UQ%+WA:C3C[.SZ(0P2ECNO'C_).?



M!$% *0!=:0:Q$C&N/\)(1G



M3KSP0\

AUE8-TLC3*



LFH\;9^21I?UJ$V@
MM$EN#'MFWV)

6.:X7YORH

MKW79RKV8AKY*IJW(61FV YT\_0DX

M:;[% 3

QXSWMTCS^H\&=&

=RW5XGETWKM6*Z


FJNG
M:ET@LV=WK+HE[F&GBNO',-J=RX?++E:OOIXLS[
+@?.+O:DOK9CQ\$N;7=]
MZYO%OA

M

M8^V_ED67]3C*&KC!V!Q:7 K+3KN]*QRZT

MFK 8J
-4T





PP7AYOBA(;ZM

*E
Q'<&MX_GP.RX3;KZN3H

M_ 6?@)C2*SBQ%U=$



(0J.



M3R(@6E=/Q/1EO(%^C\7-*KM
*K]U[KW)#]T@ ZY EKB$&W%L=YX9J[N\:(DI



X#8*I=NT
MNGE&(*X%2*^8GJ]D%DS8*?+'Z8*7BI^M\F1- %W!O$\QM_\L6F+] 
WLXPK_

#<MOIV;SJ8

:^BR2?X&2
#$22X=PX
M
3CGX#$PO,6ANF5Q2%(YF%&/CEX MZ0 -D[%#EP%!O\.XOP(WG6T0-W&BY


23U4\&J
9N)CGY


89/
D 6^]= 1TPW==




O^ZD



M(ZM[X;J/I96R




MP8*L.

M

MHM3$C_6

@T
!0+!KEY%R[.0V+MFR&(IT'<0Y([<G^D)1
M%T65TKF1#R./5/F&W!=OC7Z WPO
'U)7X;U5V#-24C#E7;AI[@FCPRPIHIC
MGQ)8+2BB$31H-4B4I+! 
;KH@]OJLV.QR (G#FYS.#1RXV%E!'F\
M\RS(3[VD7!



MJ @\V@ITJ:LB=OG4;VGB4O^^J61^Y/BURXC]F@ &.F-*[%;G7)27?;G$
M? B!119^;N)++;K



B8$.EZV5 EW'@()
MN+[




A@I3B;-
GEV\B(E\[$FM(!
MF.WOLXGO4FYELY3/9!=VJ8+HJWS7)(T=G



M.-1?8=&9-8ZD=F#IHE,3_:MG?HNLC@D5=HTYOXWJ5.7%F.]-*GGDC9 K/8:
MK5HL$'=:O7^(*Q^T_WI.X4,C+99[]:SC+UN-+Q9SNU9!H2-'E73F)N=


?3I 53I!?$(7C%Q\]8%-R0VLXL3Q
(:YI
MY


MW
%2Q[(!Y0.I=7]$$9QTUS 72^-O';1 CC5^!P^Z^HRRL/!LXCHCK8S/



MK5A83DJ^

F:%W^.QK&X)H
+
7$HW6?=Q^!2R:$T
MR!_S-]QCCU.6XMR/DY20)D%QE6F4TH1;1R&ZN1)R;E1 0P
._*\BN)5IB@1[

=\S]&NE-!$0D
M5L:BV(9R:5-0CBG_4V9;(5X*X4;ZJB;JL9&G&Z!R=^?RZ*#)P9&B9T@Y9RA]

Y(NGZD2;VVIA4TBH8$J:BJ(HC!\'TM@Q(?/
E
M'




X9A)?
MEJ3\KW@D[W*_



M#J^C()

2GB';\%8XB56CZ
M 8MTR&B+-F;936/%'-YY2*Q%P;X!!QU

M 0



[KAT\<CG=HSIKF_(



M4@N7*#


M$RWWM. I@?&OCG$1Q7E 0!TQ^%N9PE6+APA386KUAETZ
3 1&:(2?1SQL+&?





MQW&*='KC=$E*[4=C7D,#OJ_]CJ#[K'R78W[TPSSX0990WCR 7D#/1*!.68
MM



MQZ4L6)(FLJ-V;BF?E#8 F*-AXDBGYEN_(SIFSCQ9(LP\^][SA/=./@)]J&]+

3WU(@R*E(^ +T/IYZ/#/J)H^5)XO@-2$I6.

M)*+:@3.-4+H ^]64V=:O/;.MMH$-M4T''';L1M
!90N7]8(/$%([063Q:?^:
MQV.Q[-62.;#R@VNA&D)ANGNE&&YDI5O.3:=TM14V'H1.\L.F%S^LNB[G6RV
M09VO'[#K75K0D-24A5ZK;0YX.1ICJZ

MV?5L4;PA

2!.[U'/R0M-Z'ZI::X/4%TM
M7=/EN


;3U-1/0JE5@D<JQ4;JFH
MZNYO4';W*RW'M\ZWCS04C0T1_'ORH5*TP$T \-.4-V,IW^92K+$I5LMCV
M'68'HI8Z75:,Q&U/B3(LGI3Y6W'P .-Z4&_B 5LI=:NXC^DL\E1%;I8(DR#


ZA*&N00BUO

!=&0JN:1X7M%L$



2VZD):Q?*-L*(!@8C=T.*(/V\Q%
M2[0QI#F/!R=SD+(M?'D/


MHRHMDQDU

)]KC.EW!PS'WINJ)=DZ U5%Q/1C0%@22'K
%0

DS'U Y5K6$

ME5
H-1UFXZ8B)8+\XG&%JDI&LZ&[D/R1?:

M0!A_1PP3^6CZL;-MCA5$UWQ2^/I+=:4I;1U#,D#_P3+C+*^Y?C$JYQ]- *

MGT(!74 #D2T*JD$'& :\*Y%J_B5ZB):


G +Y$\I8<3!86*SS@TR1.2MP@2A1N


M- E\\XH2]QZ[HU@90RZ-K@+K 


E*FK



&^.^BUP*]^-\H

MGM@&R^+*:8G$C:

-
KDUP&
M_PWS &

KH*%H#?Q(J
M9QW=2)9+VA273/+UDET(!38G7EI/0U4M2#U0O@'6^==S)
)!U(H+/$0M4
MR31:S!Q60ZU \

;0.0
M+K3Y8@(LZ.KT
&\R+Q&?@N27:BT6\UE018J90@3TDO11ZT74VF-*K_D,B.
M*AK8%S4CTKQ5Q6@;0T#%V\$ =$F]
ELN;P$!*U3-3S=1B\$X
N6:H[ZQ4*WA



MZUSZAF2N5:YUOR63.




N.OS[''
G!G;

H
MZ=):53-8*@BO

M:.YS:3 P5S!7
%?(1!Q





_XN7OL;&Y[\IO






S4 \6TE0FR3[&4QKF%Y$ZTH+$WD=8P_A'&)S96P






.RX2NK?@XO


M^101OB$W]3BIST;6(!_5+Z^B.3($LN*/=E4*['Z8L
6IRT(:\%5EEZ:C2W[4


Q#


MLSGF 8%(*A/


MZ%H-3P(
H8!#8%K7$0('XBOV/9B.#Y L+I__VN\:)M**A6W*I)JDHG4[^NF\

@Q_(@P' GBC!EW)

MB&*F2XCYXC(W;#9'=%796#6@S5ZNK?%R


9XYGV9TT\4V*O
YN.#B:)!#/B(-44QP0X'-W^^3A2HSU4?6EBL9R
M_IK#/M3^E&I+],8W2$SO?;:LUZ_T2&:3?2SI7X,A_/=X]P3FZMT[-YW!5^?^
MH?=RJ#TMIV(8)1@=3*$13YGO82[N?@])L-J] ]K78C;RY9FY7VX8N??XV'N

N]E_74.I[6TZN




(4T(GXAES



MA7A(QKE'A/^&_! _8B2U8Y<\TU.;1_\+C4$DCJ. GS2H=O!UHT90<P!P(4F

#[S7#05[]
MA^CR%\ \XS;O<&9IS F8CUJ7GU(?II[M/?X6J3DK^5'K9E*0 _4RJ?S67F:3
MTNAESCYJO4Q&^X?G9)Y0 'JHM=-<0VIV.;HMRQ&(P\;.&N:@U6_K@HH1S)Y(
M=^2SA@'Z9+4;/-&'4P81'/.=(KKNCS$WMWK'%-AX:JJ(YK[D&ZF%LV-8_!D


;L

@G!S#+J8+M.G<9CC$B;NOFF#&B$T
FYSAG0(]F









M! .Y H0G!(N'AQMX
'C$LQ'F)PY%

0)0*:K$\HH#6=?/#9#A';A@13UQ(D*SC$GS!NJ@E[(XQGJ
MJ86(4;Y([HXE\E;;KFK-^X3\6V ?PZ


M4UN&


MYO'6K[RE=0^:UXJOX1_
5WV\#C86N(_);!1R$;VFL2&6!4'SQ%U'#!T.
]F)
M3L*2

_!(?B4-[ (UJ\91DH&T7&#^^Y-9TCF
MXB8V:($FW[!BL5!F(OR[_

8U HE?87H\9/

M#1N% WSR144?%YP,S-@*KO#$#*_9U/)F1$?
G6!&_

WI
1
;*MVH6U
MBOX=XM?@VF?NMU2JLE([A,%! O,&LLRQ7/Z5+6K(!MCW$[5_Q;Z<-4OMKT6J
M5GA_-BKT;.D7/AX(4IV&8!%_G,/KT3YV89@#'W2-!-E*A]:DW;L_A$E+DO[H
MC1\PC$X8;'2'N+_*3&WD(R12&]L2-2T *&X!&,L7X%/W(M,FRK7D9Z_EQ9HW
M+]_DN4OC&1FCR(=0)8W8H!


MQ8






M5[1$A.1CK])2S8NA\BP_0^ 
TU.OQ_&$49-P!27W/_O(LRGZ9#*%&?X]X2+H

?]!OLN.
MZ$H]RPM:O?C^_5%V=4N^MQ(?2#W?5VOY(R$K<6J5'1/ZV)9@9+3<GYFR)=K



G;=&2ESJ3 &OEK4Q91^)0
MM.2%D

)ZNZL:\E\BI*?XG$JZ/9VR!(=#OS&2LZ*4KNY92FW :


IXLEFB:AM@/!E:K*'VR$#IB#?K=78










S^K:
@*GO#/WTE_\'4$L#


[

M-%]VDO)& J-S#
!LIA\O0%H7S22 MO7JGXMZ_FWO0=B;^*%Z^KW
T+U\0+A

M-Q&T\C

MF%;MTB;MP'&7VF5X[8R.'8B4X;PK.KK3&(SOE7
4/D*U+_YM]-I:MK+)2W




[/:^A%?CE#(S2]MK'NHW;'4@4Y+HC(G:G

Z'B/7CLNX[#
60;

M/'%?ZL[B[DMY[#Z^LVV[/$3HV:-U=

+UW\/ RD
M;^[4CG=+\OX_M
K($UO_EWY:E

_!

UIMO\IR7

JE+M*[

F8B8


M(VDD0UE#!&O':12I4(%@Y8SOH?.4\9&

MD).6(TL%14)G1K6((9E@%*;[HZZ

MC9=(P_1$Q
*G*(7F

MB!C%$5=4(L$#:/W

MIV/FV8)A(W?3N#PRI:X+Y//P&#4V8 2JB+CV# 5+ Q)!4
-U=%P=
)CCFLGM

K;1C\3O6KZ 7GB6IDO'*(
.51Y/E7&[GR

MH;A$WN3=39B@+

B*@6,FVPZWX#;#4X7:RR H@Q+)!W

*,?)
M_N IX] 8<*LH(L%2Z+K)39.O,RVS5M_DJ-F\HVRJ5DD=E0=+'!FG ](\1<2L
M\-!EXXD(0SJ'K[^DJI%+XMD8!F50L1-OLX-HW]3I J*
JQ91$E9F$=!&V0




:D
M&GXW&4Q8Q;3*9GK^*;:7FY\U[*!P[D*G4LQI



M^IDS8XFL%&A^/)MY2R3OFJG?NNYLJ5EQ0IDU
B)JHD70?0X;








M#C^7\CM+^?+2ZTGSY77+!^_1?4^MG4#.HEOLWOT9;S^?].4VH%,13W21&.
MF*8&B: 



MM* /L;K=6;#!F
V:=1O#1F]!I_H5B%EA!08OQM(C24%A\40P!*J*DDXD$$B/
M/!QE' 8'6.6&%&@Q0*TX7@6Q?FI@SN0'I;+I#%+*SVP].FTV86Q/DC#M0. \


KQH9AO3(6VH

MM\4C1HCDE1,8)1#)L*!QTA

S&1]$D^44;_/[3;8ABYEEZ5/C4G
M'J35QK5WX3LL4MN)5
:0H$VDB(JD$



M+92$F8IM
H
HV@?8[X9&6FE)E[N?=M5&7R\YA\^3N!S%:3BY;-IY_;_;G.E=



@JGW



M.
M3$*Q'5#'!/Y


:F:%L8&+/EG1?RJ_^BCB+ :DRRM;MWE1O;[Z^*;^'
.U1OFI

X@&[W.F-8MB!&%$;I


ZSA[(';MS17]Y/[K.&C2/J5^[QTR/BTH58E
M);


5B*B/=*2:(FU$-@??ZJ)
V_78* [3

M_3Y6JQ5UBB7.!

MFJ^/E*XTQL&Y? #&H86(P1ZR#$?D4TY
J9SVO(\'M B*CF;L[VLQ@\B[F
^]



+*C@
M.4O*J!Y1(86NC0R)@&&$5 H .6?*65IU?:-'\%:Y2EBN H@%.2L$
M10Q$G0

M^'U%4VRYCTLE]M
_PF4]K6?S=NDG6]T+


94X

MH8HDI4GJ9.J/JY^L8IMO(NVGH=
#FAUJ5YX&X9(U*#K%$9'&H) L:&DZ.BN=
M


0I Y(6:






1
M



3%((;'G%(Z@DK







M(83Z3&




P10?


M(#$80@UL'?L#KTPF]^
':A65-I+#R.A &;(Z&21H=$AP3[W6
MPMH^E[GTOQ8^XJVQ+%.!W=I :?QK8LNI=HYM!/XYJ$F8*9;QN''*U1)<!-]

M&.2BTR[ S$EBF&#2

G;;NZ/
MY?M'

$5JIG$[1

QWWB4 )S.PKK=)X
M^*Z8[J8+/E:M$E'S( 'N05&

2Q7&8%#U_3E5I()D=8
6X
MQ?=9U=RW'R'YW!VI%0Q2:E-1
9343.8(:84 P9[P*6T45



M;Q@/


M.X1B2Y^.CSU$MT1[J4_;B[?
M/GO)*;&'V5#7TZ^
8

M Z/SQ46^
7\Z?36U?K[T6^QGVSY.IV*&



:8XKKL#!Y

!






M#Z[

I%314AB
MM
]]OS(^_($A


OL/%N;KK$&=DJ



C Q
M-S$R

?MY#\GU7Z]ERGO[M?_V/GWZZ0Z[(%^FG].*G^/__^/3N42?S8G:Q_EJD


FO;V;+VZJ!-^]QO#G5I$SK

[]'Q?XZG)S8IF
M?8VN'O^.M^IL;*&#_#9-=;I

MC%M%\[=T?96?OUM^2U=;$[
NEG4:]SO2#_FZ!IS53;L:I9]EQ3]GBTWZ6U 8
M-D5::^



]C**F
MS ^WZ&%



MQQC4?]/0&#QY[N6'RM:]\*/]$;![.QF.ZY^^%+]AL[FO/FZ2O^U4J@^U8_
M:.-XJY[&5BM




6&PH%%Q 4.+#B:?)
MBX9$KS0_:
2








MO;

=8M7X1#$6^HA)'E_2XOI+_CE=+
K:#2_$LSX]






9.RS+Y(BP5^5WUI@?CCAF\'_+P


0R0(X%HPH 3?P2$QX\UUCI[3BL9D


M X+(Q*


M@1AP4


MB.\(0UIA]E88
4EU9)I$&.G \^(B6V1QK&Y[!6EE#


1

M6(\9K?!ZVQR9I
XQ/6J
0XEX/EL=J/G@J22.'2MO.'&.!R
^*F+E/#RP$ZSX

9D
-FFB]#GY:_I














7TYS772PC
OAE(4&@(U
C).V

M/%X

M+N.6& VWO
\6;A4C+F.$Y7R^N=YL@;'I39'.L[MCX70U+[*;^./915GPNE)[
M;-%O$@
SC7
4.VXLE! #)TNLPD+;/


4
K#
MINK^N<K&:

5X^YM9Q?O


*K$

**18%HP! S5(=]$]$RS
I*:YI_ZOR5
*!#=!I_X4%Q

3&TW(6
MC

FU
MA0;H
 L2M&)OR)[!82UKOL++UR3[OO ::J7_Q[)(YQ'X\W\LY_FR-'X^[NZ^






M;^%$TZ9E.WPGQTJ[2=7%.BU\F-#_E\Z*3@YGG4:+ST+_R/4(A%=!,!:48%


ZLL0OSH


Q










4Z

M10#B%F[?UFJ*;0(XX\$
A1K3TLI2H5I
UYVUO]LZ%X.SK80U'XX^QV^W7N
BO)
M-A0=!X)T*-*%;^+N<XH?T!$F/7HN41P9CH#&'DBH?&.EEJ*Y JVN-@9O'9^
MM %JB+CO@]&V3]?7
8)^=S40PU_[?+M-OZYCU/N=SK
MM_B@2
-X;[;Q_&]Q



M [J$9[#0]'AM6H4IMW\F











0NB9+GWA-BSNM29
P

..PY42@AO
AK#=%@#Y=G5T\FLC7 -!L

LQ$I*'#\3O9TQ=\QIO9W.=$V-CB$:8^VXG\*G]&87





5^M=(/K.



M=RO8(XE?'6

M[-R1VRLK.L)G' ;HV2I;?;XITMGYV?*?LR*+^NRGV3J%M1EQN(O$
XJI$00*

K\;JA/HVRQ;QK6?+A_/\E/YKDX6??%ZH


_$4DNLA51*9;QV&D%+]\LN:%$LO'//
MUN4Z@/ D73=HZ?-SYY-)*:2:5( ))+9B3&I9N78\PFY/4:4KL]&9AA:UVL


91XLJ#U^@NV:8OGM

9H_PD1XYOGW/2S1G0GSZ=+0B]XW?.EK\L




9MR-?[[J=U_EY^RU1\558J.-4N X) Y3+D5
MB


M

RJJ&$V/&.
0XI%%_GUV4UG/





M6U1GL=AOW^GSSY57]]3IWWBM,3& 4IEHXSIAW:[UZ:M2@EUYNBUT: S]
W

P5/719I^O1L-5JROP6H+Q\?L9Y=E%$C=76_9KTGP'-
%81 4 BXIQ08
ZW#P;Y(8]PSQ8'
MXV0K6B1$&LL,0\2&'=DP A0IU6XJ)I@R:UNY=XM/L-_]]M8P8=+6:UO_UFK
M!

ZWC()^Q[1
MEA*


M7FY#@V-([55VHV_O%H/]I5/OXW##'_7MH0B.^D&1?0\B49AKQ&50T)P.VEE



C-D


UKA];8Y
DDE






W[^VS3]
+NN

M/Z1V79

TFT!P;;W;R]
M$J#Y$7YO_M;1:-

MT8AQ*EC].\9?'N?VDHT^/7W[_
O?TMEJ4Z2]WQ7QX@O']BSN!Z56JW2]VMZ9


-0*:R:ZY2]NDD[%?DA.@T'Z]OA

M@#J#5+3Q.

X)Z4E=0?P
MJ&O1\VDTVL(.]I

MMTJX#E\/





M2/
$:H8H4









M2+X^NSI$]^F3?- \!42;2K
0MV2_9U$X7S*;N\H.O\L ?:I)XK!5WCM)





\7$
MZKO@ZW244!K8)S13GE@/$2[-<1B?20UN)1-WR_XC[HEN\!PTF[YD^ N?*



Z(-H!-


%QPB $6$RR2TJF47KANL3DZ0TE;;[+%


M&O[OH7E:*?FC[1*BB006.8GB92[$:2V$%29
FP;HZ 2O6NV3%UB-5A4[*8(
MX&^*Z'OWV8_X4S4I#C=*:+QVAQ

M1?
(^+ME@.
R+%?5@C_6+(&0A64.46%]V/5BJ4@-N 0$6,TM,UO2NOD08=

MC

M?F;8(S'MY

Y

MTXNT*-+S+[






)9 HX


1H%\(IIZF(U!.HD4RV20$=01'KDS&DP-?:]^#2-
MQ[V[L7S)=9H6GV?'<CSK-$LP9L8BY @B\21?0X\4IXA(^.5=A







MZ2G2\^.R?/GIQ#J#K:78
.ZH-T2[6

P(W-S%Z*_K1@R0[P69L-6^3




M?8BO.K2C&69OA1&OZ6AM9*\[A@?H+2T49/75-*M:DU*H*SV8((%%=N(J%Z,
MSVF8O-X8'\X(M(X1*X.FQX2'+HUFR?PLGF@WR1CBCO6'AH@.+;3HUTTAO(Z
M6 5. !L^ $U.'SV

LXA9J@DWGOL]HH/,\UCL48*K&DH
MV\X0:BS9@\$\-;_ANNT3!95%!@HDB 


;ES!QIL7=/


M)/+N
!A

]-6O5K*


M(N:(2P 
YXZY/5)!;6Y




@V_#*@



^I6%M
M+M)SDZ_6GV?? J'#
#]?S8IT]Z_ _'U$P(D4.JGO1!!%D0UKM7'4$(NHIF5\
M1T2E^3(T=$!^/USJ$\R^EB
[NXV7I7\LLKSX/:RKZW3Y(5]G\_3A6+^DQ8O%


MA4_&['3/

MUI+!%FEVX-7PHFN4.ED0RK(A46/?#2PH^/GE'=!WJU6=9:%./XDP6#
69@
D
M

MC-K])@+@*[6GC@C*:2


M.'#'BT*
(WXABN6D@


M&8(- );%E 5
. 3$;B\#W

M ;JZ9TA+Y:47AI-A9'&(D++V5GK)GYMP*DBJG?/T&F8#7Q+@I-$Z:!
D99


MET2H
%Q!$824[W=1:7SS


MX
MOB-


SRYJ?

3R\U[

M7:;%;!'#Y





D5'E0A(%2S2VM\=(\.Z94![-
MF/?RY!O8%91^RVDG !'L(:#6 $:]M-I[RCF#&OMH:NU2+[EM!
!D**
41H^

B@X0$.=&L3I7G:R6F OI8D XHQ =(JC#&P#&A+\!XX1/74[R#N07S5
MV0;-


M6AZF)\NY0@'1M'603J1X4O)5

W(5
V#?$9*
MV6LD[&Y!:KZ2[V_





%





M\R1
3HA@&6)L.&4&:6V=P9CCZ#8(*N
DC^&'8
%IP#0_DDW38J=*5QR]/GTP
M@8PK+)D@6!*8]$DK@C! '@@D:]7[&)8GWU#A/,.86@LJ(^;KZNRLN)Q23U_
M,@$8PV!4&Q(]MX[:L$LI8)C1DJ#3/

MFFUEWL9+#1*G




IX)*\
&#;%O388V\GK*BE8X#27W[64O=[
^(O
'

^M3SV0SUK4Z7\ZOK

P$FY]:#
.J8CQ38?.6PH05?ZIGGVVE7D6B=CB-ME#N

[OY%P7-K7ZW;K2-*5%.H7T+? L: Y(L )
M!
Q+BC42ANL82DD#'H;IYGIWSXZYD1AT&EQCF-F_YOGY*EB&E=ZZPXT2QX0/
MV!%K@*/4;-
T*#+4:XFL5H

MR=7%BP\T2:SE7A ;E$&D:#!.M!%(:Q-

MV6B*Q+T? IZB1#QH%N]B%(@)J8E1U @K8?@*N.;
0PX@F=#=@'V+LDJ7:([:
MZ$D'6].NW]2#['*9763SV7*]$U&VO/R8+[)Y-N*+Q\YX\'%.Z?OL6[P#=SU;
UO
ML__*B^UEP16^OA-Z29 &A!G(J$):280$3KH#CP(P&3=?GWP(Q\*QJ$4K2,S
MN!]_K=JW)_:4,,J)]L1+0I3TGL.7(D'17CB)91[D7Q]=G6(Z%]
FZ3G\#42

(+^?5-NKZO6UU-B\.-$HL EY0P):$0C#*K@Y&]FZ71;H*Y
M)4
1HS/0QM^(_K%*+S:+]]G%


$
9Q[J<#<-H@K=I=RJC
MO$-PAA+U?L*5LG[R9**I1\8A+7F8# &4.W*^2 [Q0+
?0J['3J#^0 V18![
M4Z1A]C[[$7^J=@\=;I1@:!5%WG*F0%@*-:6
[F=I:'



MK.O/HU8@?\





R
MUAE/$+82&T&5L

MX84A&+(#CJ[8&D@E1#DD98Y7EA\4[*1CB_M1G;^U_.2YP(J2 \IS!IP6S &/

DJ;8_

M=C^EACI?(BN1DFGOVC1DR?


M9EA

**C
)TE
@GD8&TGBY$W!RS!(
AW'*<AN7,.)Y
I;


.'WT





M5Z0I;Q_.A%\&ZT- Q FGL/+6X* @M!75$6)I@(

M^@


@*A2Y;5%9*3T3

RN\LFRNOF;KZ)/MYH-B9\O/%NLB.6R6C*]R24^# TAR

B6M@0-));17%QCC-J(+&


2:)

M2$LI(6 .220$H\18!6IM'_6$W*0RY   +&;

M



NU!<3@Z*4CS*TPT![28N#X(QSR!O+)@,%HO#H:/1A/
MDE'$IHD&]



%WCBK6(]Y8:(PDT)H(%A-/E.E!S2
(@U6*2
$G[ [AD9ET
MUEX^^5[4FF)R-%XB9:R%6&CAJ_TSRUC:/ELG4JS'C%9X73='DG2.TJ/&2-YY



MB!P02#NLK8G&/:R



.$F$?!0D8\V]Q-YF
MTZ2H/((

MEF RQ:1X/:(LIL;OK[/%LMAB\OEZ%PL?@.;/FPR$4 4(XT)9&!=![
&C!R \
M;1Z0[BT!_K6QO:5(DB?]X3Z_FL]W%)DM[6)37
.LT'

M\


5M6)XQ:^# -&PI.&R&L
LXIX C 5+K'J)VR



M.Q*D(XA!2I2@ @ALI:Y

MR^?Y


MFJ2.E'4U;7&.-EO-A]21E]H.R OGG:!66R8 0B[:K465.LK@]

M$8)3X[[)UO=G#T3WTFBP B*F).



MI

M9_'U7^H:!O-'5B91L6ZO:.IVN_A:W*X?N2)=XYGDUQI%Z-I_/!!MI+)$


M^:ND!1Q(J(=



2&^<%
+%

 9[?-

M9=J-0'[*%MLB%4.?









-43:?#;0:
XAB)4P


3B%!$0H+FL ^RA!#[@I\4&2D;3MN]1(=&J.



PY9

E -(*
2&@(M@)#33&NSLI0S09-9%_/0NE42L]SC+=9Q2_Z;2)
M9J*5MI@??JCK.%WPR218X7=YZ'4!$(*C:GBFX*U*3DX4.3WU];'Q@;;K%



M?GLG?]/OW__EO_W7__!?_I]W[_ZG^OPA
^7E_6VQ6&=Z64S6Q33[-EO?9/^8



UY\Y4'

Z8

8+:!??C%H[.QG6



MQX!.9ETY3.^.&]KO%Y?E;?';VD_(@JBHR3PL*_UV4Q1K#T5.I[
 :S)_%)N5




!M&KEXYGF[K0ZO!

MVU1#5U

M4AU':?KD^B5739/H#BR/
%GN8LVQI+@S2SVHV#;ISA'!N43:$428-)H25V^#


GDBIW01S[
L@'[G
M4;_;.

M1%SWJHU-:1Y8%1OM_/?*_-BUL(U)C66P-5\QYXOOPJ[@-CO5%/#G* TSW7N
MH.30U:T8A:/$+O:[$^M:O7M9U+#BCPA',=5,I5*2%=(.R0GFO@^8^*(OK3E



M4B;H?&.[

MSM:S;&MM5IF[/9]3&[QW

J[+BWN;$GF)Y5MH_N?HJ(WM1
\




M-!*[BT8IY-0V7LY(

]BSS-F0?K[+WX_1:Q!++J+S7
M;O5E\V6YSI2N:A=9O!G#2)9WA;U/
0QBBY1N[XK%:M/N8OJY6



(4
4(KS\I(D&_

='A1N'75,2&-QLZB0
MD.UF*S!5$V%R&6KX]N8H]02%YH 1DL 



&SVQ
2*X

9NMMTRFSZ=4QD]G.B

MEWPSX(R1A@M-!
9
 P.@PLI K*&UMFD!06RS&%*!D.4Y\0T3*B5S!H?)M916

WF77E
'TZ;D#_6JPW[7PH



M'OI6M3*?]T]W^+.;8GKM!^ARLEA-JJNS5[O;#M:3[W$2=PH/-]/)D3LW3FPK

M7O$. +'*0DH1S,ZXT_Z/\.X:Y$/UFUPF&=








MC#/
@\T^V'[VX:U7'V2



Z^OH0NNMHV#G B1
M.XDMYT2' W9N-]4WJ%EBVW.3(X@76V/\C_:M\7_=-R=TGKT1X-@<1I7Q$6-


M\^FSN2^V

8*7IO TIG/B' R)*_M@DA7?IM%
MCS=X.!0S^J)O!)&B-U/*!-TK9KVJ?)C,UP^AY6TC5AM!7& VUQB9!VC=9F%

MRV6A*
8:K@(]M_/@LD]K0D:@J1W E[UTBEYV)C_

MQ FC3.[J9EUN&RWU]];8Z?8G \:L MG/'F4$P9VV*=-PV]M.91-:A]RMW-$5

LK,XY, !3ZH..)M55!1SW<*HU%&G0/MI





P)

T;/%\5U^([&BM-+JXW&DMB
I7V 44
J'&/HJ$']4-Q8E8;C


Y$AA!:CAU'&+%



M*2AG.6HZ]QH&3+JAOX__+'MB075
=M^&L


MG

M#8EY):8EX74$AXYZ-ZE
V _;U$[M)F(? LWU98W:))+AR@P4IG7\;I'Z
M)N

M?-[F)-UIH@



M=A=@Y)+GV% MN=; STHE WH+45K





#2VUJ G
M+S!O)*F\RFJ
)]*D@YPU4:CNA(]


MB=4L(
MFB^QN@ZVEGG7A
U+0!J*RM:+5A&X1CD73#M/61-1Z('UDJM:'18=D

#0'$#%J=.YW(W#G$2MS#9ICX:U&FTP


^2I@%!0
MC9+/27? VLY

C]R'^LW-4QTUX*%O\HQB\XA$
MIO++..0RF74OKO1








Z$$L
M??[(UV#LQK\A\8CMPVQR
9M7..3:36;+O_M\M:AN_OY2?%\KS^+OYY  B!V6





HP


7$




451H[YSBRM:1 H*..
;?]XL< CDV<X7;T0Z/,=BA?CR/&G,#N@YGLL,PWC3R;
M!OP_V;SW R5##!#.$?913B.H=])J8DJA7_ZS;G6T#(_Z:;&HR= .2S]5Q(!



M







M(



MOC3[8;;(5L&TU8\GBV5-W3IX&$O@RU%$L+-L8]D?-G1MX \3M2([P9\N8
7:








M/5?+-LP#1BG%?YSMQ*;=X

YH]OF#T^3$:A
MA


N2Q@B^^DJ?X[ V!
7/8?#
M/CUTNI-SG
#P- WG3&J E4&YWE54
$/$B4Z;U'?M&8H8R+%3@A*EK* 2$ &Q
M )IB:. PP2XK7]Y)]W\/S*7UZ)]#N3K8G_S 7)PGAE*H[50BO-FXQ2EYGBN!




R5 49@[*WS0TM4$2@
.-&'0YE:F?B3SU2E 7Q(Z


)#:! :( $M3;Y29]7)S@[K-FL!IM]#6B'


MJ*?OA'^.



MNM8HHV\+_R8


MJ^K4W.Z@'*:8*I@[#8'#Q@*$;9$6,!1#HF0C5\D[J&MA!)9PPN72.P 9C7
MTQV/;4#;





MGH5;^VJ4IZC!:




.# :2








UG
MZUGUPNYOZ_+R][ DY-.U


M4] ]G%4.6IW=VB+]3]D&:YQ&]$=W



M



-8+;LJ_/=/OTR^
MO]ZL-
I0RR'6G.7



;UIX*



M??E FA0 G67_+_@) )+=3;9;:S]E\GY]4RYG_UY

P+. *C^MY&PU7_.9JM5


M]
U5Q+' ^]O[ZN1SM4SN6[SS\Z)BL9I]+=Y7V^ ?RE6XQ//CU9?)]W-.'(?(


M8E-I_5RL)[-%







M)ZL@B&+RRA-XY%Q#-E$MAUX[S %@[T.YB_%][6:A[7ZW(N) !S(W=*#D'


MYPV_7UR5R]OJZA/UL/WEE[#B=HYI;ARA@#J!J-4(0Z[J$:5I'I6/M&D?Y4II

M9T-
9(]&M?FQY
ML7O6'T.14RM3WDYFBW



MW.)/394T_


JUA!H#P(DEQL\Z)=!4(BV$AMHF
MULB *&+DMR&G@3@FYB5.'0.8O2W*%OK8AJ4(@4S
5CN%W+&V/0TUGZQ6LZO9

M-2 7R% .

M?519!:O58E=; IO-0P?@+DYC6]6Z(Z%UX@Y,D7MR.0XYJI=C7AQZT(/G+17
MFNUDV6+KTT#II\E^H*5




RUV






M


I7=0X57W5PQ@MJKC@:4O77+Z+J(T,RZJ?9ZO?
M-\<;E2'(*F 0-Y18)$Q;CO*N) HZHKV TUHB9G(_834CV9BI9\6<6F(']DP




ML



M\?-0PJ$UCJAPIQ;4J*X'XMRA1CL*;S=BF./86(*@)


MB[7EIE%1Q5;_'N7O2?

K8OE.
MW:\N;\ZR#Q]T=/5Z*G\<5[H1N*)5&K;G@^SRB265]DR:.*FW& L7HBH#SFM



;S:IXNIHMNR1E*BX01)&49*7E.1E'
MUEA:\S:.U97V\

MA=2&M'C52

9+?\^F=\7'W;'_AAQW' EN'%*4X6%Y6S7ILZC;JCK

W%USBM

M%NAT9ZC5UH2\7A9%6



MKMG4@VL[$XDD


M;2.QY-1HLDD%IYG*=.;MN
H







JZ/MK-?%
M187-1Z4GX++K2LSF1S4G-=NQJ?^01'=81O4YP8;S9SCW \BI)@5O4-AH?M7

N1 %(HKH6CDH@:@!
V;[EV




MX1@^_B&0[W^I'@[=@+RYH%TBIB 3


B3BY7SK<%O\'










;QQZV





MUPL_H?9_7
_#EUW-[XOPDF/X5X^HPJ?+NV(YJ4+W73F?7896MMQOFEZ7'GKF
U9<;:-ZMZ2

T01N##=NE$8_?)8^[KG(JD\F/;O&4$_FR7Y SMUQ8A



?KW*GRI+LB2EM


&
M





@Y8K83E&7!$J*40<;TK:*0X\9OF1UK(#<A0(!#

M;CUS/PZAZ]NH

P67O:([Y3]S9IQU2O


MJ0YGN;?UB9]\#W_




!3


/F[^2Z.+?6P3P'.E=$8Y8[333?
MM4]=5#+97ZN)=?
1R9.W#._\QV\FJ\WS.X\7]
5I9H_4-Y/

MV^'



K_
M-WGOUARWCF2-_A4^=D=H3Q @0(+G#0)/H[PWO9GJZ=CHA\J2E64Q:]+175=
M[*WY]0?@K4JRJ@2  $GWF8=I7[:%E2N)E8E;9DJRF.04YC!2RK8@2
LC4WB



MO=?-0M


MM].?I

4URLR@2%+8-H-G27 Z(S;





MUP\4H)8TKD.:GTL';])R[;K!

MMX_E]V)-]_M[0RHLGCB_6G^P7B



M4':WUX





M SFT53+GY+F4
!TR1Y*N

M_GA:I?U1'!8D3%DD$

^[

M[^0W(Z6]S*.1OCIPQUQ5U85I[VJI

15A
MAL(XARG@H$^M$Q$;O6]S

MLO?('4GX7E-F)'?6?





M@YS2[?W(9ZX'.DX.;;1=

&2Y#@





O# N=R
M;9!E


S^*OTB=
MYB'\<.KGH8J.;;IR\.Z*,1L=_+#?'V567,@AJ\?':ENWXEK$6<L8I',$S

HZNJ7YA_?IIUY;H.53!






MS\6N5

M0^8AHWY
JT;XH%U(:7\E-0-9#K
DSD



N9V1%!
6AQ$1(($Q
M%80*VF^?)5&:M#
RWVH^+W$SJOE\[ #J[W&K]F;_R?-0E^-?:1YJVV0U#\T8





M.
.O?/)31@UVO;QYZ8LXPWSOOH-#I

M_U



JS3L#









 A(B3#')

052BLW']^6FYN@

M)P\C+MVAL2LUJM?G$6:F

M4\R#'PQVQZ;UA[-M


=9SFF4B&8N1UBDN=;N

TR04+TYPPD84A]WV \_.F2X\Y:$ '-6H#+?7A (V@

M7M9 #81R.*\: 6I42LWD0:;P3\;E;Q9SBM!M%F5'KM8HL3FO7BQWML7(H6
#DVOVM$+5WW;5?O]UN2GV


G
^=&(%5ZI
8L&
M#2LU%ANA-Z?'0






GW($$'M3(E=#NSY7V
MPS90Z =%.K^N

7SY
MPL@:TT6?-



]3Y0.3M/U\O)% .7F0%U:


8V]O48]W^Z6V_UR=59.9*]D[.R/]_\H#P_G_V1!


9?4HVS/'\P.][PX2_UF<HS9FE1

GV
2(CK
AU
4 Y#



DY206F


JOXL
M5UV[XE#NZBG-BFUQ7Q[VIZ7:0Y*$UC0#*:I7$F&&0M5UT283
.MI8@X (
MAR3$)$X PRD7+ 0$2





N/_GWRN\
;
M H@0B') HA1BGE#


'L


 +DR

M[#\OG^M.B!5;;O_5U9I(
I&&&8I)#D3&:))G+.K&BS$RVO^T'\6SZMRJ:;.I


M6-68#-


MCL
:6'&;(1NLK3%35RP^\\9

E/D;\U[*^MU9_[OY;9\/#ZV8\0\%7&$PE



.



XL3N'?#'

M7P
2]?1F#/[
!
_/;<7)&<H6S.0W




Y%\73[IA/TF.*%7
M MKC5YW E05!8T+0V#!=RFA

MF(0@3!*2

U8

M4JL%P;_8IK[%5H]J7W+KG.41!5=AG[OD*HQ.1=?(8;^J[)H9.5AX+3CU)KU
M3I4%AI3'20IS(N(T@E%O#^_@3S)O2JO%@+OP@M#S\*K1[0GW77.\7BRJZ#/








MF6@NC#&KQ6;&D5W(9\M]N?_ZMN6ZT_;_U[N2G6V]V5Y*,!Q#CG! 
AQR



YX)E.
/
M74;L)S;TSZ<-F)N'@W ?_U$VI@)[=RO.*C)UPG9I^-A?UANU^7V6YMR @I3
M 9%@(9(Y)X$0H_X$/(0@


XT;)G3




MF]OJ@\S;OY?KH[JC*^/
;M\_9 0X29.

M 0YJQ%T!J.!0!2?008O:[GVS!W]HQ(EI76$6.7Y1+QA$F&F]
=Y+=&
[+\45
M?X3-(-)X-*X:Y:




ID@OC

/7\Q#(;U85OG_D@V6

IE)
M03


MY^9^_*.WO+.A[-*2SRO]
U@&^K6O&NM#-LM%Z\&[W+=&=-)T HA:DV8HCB(Y
M)


MJ&=)*TI B@BB$4QX#$*.M D

MWEUGR&_.O'GVQV=)Z$WO_NE4VZU/K@C]1
Z?1VR8ROAJ%A/0+ )]/=[MBW\?

I)BA/

MJ1LYN$3.E8D]F





$
M\ B%&'2!!8J0FJBXB_$\BW4'\2:H0=9GXSW


;=DAAP*/5GJ$?
CE6
M[)Z#?;59#]@L=.H(BXWJ7PP;).P1WUA5U!U?#M#/N'6H &_NMN/EPV#XGU
M;^:U[4!_O&HOC)?/*A7=BVI7MY;;[]7NXP+ A.4I1TADE#(8XSP5W6 AB8'1



J;[I8E
IVONS7I]T]0/;[IZ^+&0NOQ0
M;=8?'I]VU?=ZV=2]J20))QBHFZY8_D\&A%PK]5,2:/NOE?'R7G\SR+8<@Q
MX3!-8!XC&
HHCA
?=]_[Z$%Y1DV

A:=#8R8UIO3HJ8M'9LP$I0,RD82\
MY.&*:E@2-@^AL 5?.?EH'+U(_M@_RF&)S(6$B&52A&#(R17#NT<2!#BT
F#



M@ALMQ]X92DYQ!B$$.4

X5_
M

AN3-%-Y


M'0TB]8KNA




?P?+NG






&!ROM'M5T7ZZ/\PN\V



MOECSZE']21/+JOUA$6-
  =)E@A 8


'!%JJUJ?GML5*


M!1AT%2@'A0E78+1TZ&7)2;
(D4GT^T.YDFN'#EZP[/$%Z\X.)Q'#F8L&A8I1

Y1O2VW 2]

M+@_[19HA'
.40I[$A64MH]#DES'&86!8:'#VHAXQ:5@Y5*K!I$3N3:A-5!










M^OF%%?K;9 ]%\*2:WE3;^H:K_.WI%E5P5QQ^%

M?; KU(^2'T^YK7]2NW=47VNNNXQ*P^N_D(R5U;K1 _E;]=-6S;^[-H(ZM#^J


6?[#QV+WK=AUT%H]VQV+X/BDR&O_^K KEH?:W.-V

A2

]S0YD




IHSS*&TRYR5)MD9H94^&


A3\'OAUR0.0;X7-T



@5 LM&'
.
MTS1)8Q4?6
14KG&03;P^83G%C OG
M



Y#N09;4;G]P
STYFLI1[HO5\OMH6L&?P' A_V78KFOMLN[
MS?-GF137SX3JZJR?[IM_(IGNBJ$M
$_#A$&4QSGG.4:09-V%
Y;F2&O/:VJ
MGO6NL:4NSBO_D^!X2?Z'^7AH2TNOW^/ 2''\5&I:IRX?&POUR?=E[^UE/7



M8
:RG)

M&_^\[.AUUB.Q!6T8B7PZ1#/:S

V(% 6!+4)

MN=:2?X\NG)O^^S3U8@#PSJ]Y!/AI^_YE/]!7:$+
89QQQ@B'#49B 3M1 .D
MU*A!IRV&C,K,-8DB*@3&:8I(@CCE##.4 I$QWSOL+_8B3-OSVNJ[8R^92OMT
M#K)7=0UOS$C0C1C6TG(_/IN;C'NR\J*^V156[R/CX_+W?.G^\OW:\[2/!K
M#$$P@R&

MX:QSTA9I4$



'AT.M:!R]^V8I:+=


MR7&8L]7@T[;EU_?H\Y(J7F3G2FXXG-%Y)(

MQ)




6;_!I%O1;'I-[89!R;@K=YB?HVG0I'/ YI+M&27JSDV[=3GGC_=%%ZN




M@UE.8)8T[U-1 @2)%M^+W5VEJ_Q7A\H!PDD*8US@07(60CR%,2Q')-$$&0F
MHG.2EL;.G3&!1J&
:BGN:-19Z:G/:QYJ.0UEJXHH!-RYZ%N;DRI/'Q\UL7)




MAC]Z/5H %EJ@2Y19FK@@2-K/7B/'J^*T RNH0F&C,U+%4S!7] %*PZT;G%]
M/

?KME_Z:Z3$\YF<+')C1V5ZZ_)+'?[4JAW#:M#L:X'__NV/.R_?/U[
M.V:*

U%NOT

KKR9S-FS
)8&SPOY3TF;/@'YEY_WAT_W7Y:;8
M=^

6$IC'JQB$1

M9

M !%# '-U'R^/6
:3/ 2].($(&C7GMAO!LW#4H)J.F!TLJW
[2_KTE




F7J:W593L#M&=
Z[I6B-2+GI

M1#(7; ?!+$N
:OD:_FC/RO='M?VMZ*YFKEMHIATB#


M*
IY&#+5';4=E.:)UMT)1T/YW@5JT=0E;A12

#JIK(=

B5
967[]!





G@9/46V@7[P'MT_-%E2-

MR]]_+S;%8A)F@18T1!F( KS
M*(3]KF
2&EU_GQMVSZ&P RA#8(U0G20U82^XEQB#[PIDTX95O83M]@CK$-DN

M=;LO5RUT$J

\W8[TL^)N


@9
M)R2C/
]IF*
P4DW7^^?1-#
J:S R--^/^50H_HW]K
OYG^K7JJ5*B]2T_]C(


_UG
(^K
/@^H)3'S$B<
M.BSZ=_W

Y8(=B%#[W?F.RO

H!TF8\3S-N]5RK+H2C')A





]EL1GKI9T[5TX0#;U[

TZ#^27SP8ON6ZL8+AH
_F/S 8#N/#9S!TXGO#^NNX;XM=H]@D1$
M8YK&0 BY E -.EZ%

V

\

M_0L0_4Y8_@4L\!RM W8]6K

SO/'S';[**97_5*:8

L24#\C@Y
MW7[+=0JLC=\E-$RN#=S-9-0.8Q
C?QI-![-TIN3] _.-H91:) 
C$:E7:RV


UX;[2XVI/WZS?M^*HD_&^-=&?'7;G]U@Q7GQ:\?0+_MUVUWR\B
MS


M)/;#=K6K


M0!1V

MQDG20PD!X.JOS9H#3\XM@QEVHF$(BPP)B*D*080ZX6(CR.Y/K$2/U[F&9[
MR&?I]KK!Z27AMN=_4







UU
)!OY2
VMAGIZ36
M3+H74_E-%@V2+ %IF+-
0)1@0%B219VLIS2$/G8)C

M]:ZJZ@;2K%6UH]6)JAK[Z%=357



'A6K]C
MQ[Q=5YA1*1LF
D%/W]5VT8[I
VA^

MC
KQ5V32JJ@ZE*OB2_'O8[EKGC5^+/;[HKBMU(CE=GDH:B+40LYE2@$$+


M

=1I.)OQC \ZC!
M&7VKD3I6F?'#MIT\#DZTFS#ZX#C

'_9KT\DDT_WQUV*S\



MSSCN
'&:0)?%CK!(0A^0F3[4L_









'TZ5.QFNLO^7*Z


^RF:+W)#5
+ZEW*SBB;1[['H6X^#7I9
LHW5W:U
M2NI/OK[]N'A8;(KYQ\7TIEYD!J(R18G65(,Y!0E6..$HXV2^-HS2SV@/T
MTU+HC;X:7WT1O$&H_[N#&,W*A\?I2H-TJ8[1FUF+*?R@I#INWS5\FDO%.S[W
MZ*(6WJ!TNA09&9+6;E-UN2R:ZJ65V=Q:FXFYGN=%JS.]N-BA-_7X?]PO9O?-
M=YZ:$ZCK:%94FZG^6=%.#?^];TV2=V@\-;OW1O\()O;^;E#=- .H8+.YPO3

1W/'@E7]

MJS%RB&0.:

MU;D0;';96@M)9*^=M5?EDS2ZL51

9W7K]H']3@;6J


MAX68:GMMDC0DV*[!8)WB3BU../P1$L#'@TI@S2RSH\@*7CRZ)JKD%.-T4\
M83#'+


MB.5


O]#V]8$'5J2S4)\LCR$.]FE
&ZHW=
BW<^KC3WH[_22XVER3H43_^R.(*@$
.K



M098B(!B0&B:BIO13X[&VJ]'QC2F-183[5;4\P
P1BS_[UYI]*E0_G5LX0/

M+V;%FLZ:]Q9W]013'

M1)O2'

M^\M]J1_!^G]_&TJ?G=%!S;\\:A$KJ_7]XO%(U=KG=7+ 
$TQHQA@1A23 +3M
M42#MGR_KU4KH0XT';!V%O1^'%N(^&'UN G^N2XBWX]!Z$?C
IN8G]
J1^]


06N'=71!*X(.R/Y2^:]4N?@Z%?TFW5X'O[
N?5=^[&]Q;WGMR

M_ ^D\





M:
MH]X5I(H,^JB&[WATW+MC[%3ZDCYQ4^9@[@BBUHZ\GE'H4!X:ARH'LZX<II\[
M7-<4[:VRU;Q^'OF)WJSKEQ@F629HC'*5Y5+*!=Q'C
94Q6S!$/$K%Y@/_WI





M1R?2/&C(*2I.R$AOYBZO)/U-*#WV)-?\0RV61=56/)RD.I(F2BC%.-;S](QF
M$.W&0L92;'60^M1G*R!X*N-$)2A'/
T(1YD42*12)_:4A#X4O0NH-:9]S5'7
MQ


M:E'.]SD%U+$KR9
\99CS%&:

DEPG-&=3:

MN.C%81ZB]'?6DPPK3M
D00KG






M
4A)*E%[BI&+&%K/=LZW F LM?(J$&.$8DIRB/(440Y9CB20 YW_-.A^_=/
MBUI\40/05:4ZLVDK4$
0V4F;.G#H395.D')6D/H2.18MZFW'*QGRPXR] OUG


2QS)AD#,4*9U2&
M/K&^&Q\-HJB&Y*HI3CS9DDHBCJIAQ4[WA3CR/2S
M&%HK%H0R?LKP2A.P.V





MP5HKL/DB:E/1H4=+90X!#N&I?Z!K'PA/*&8]-6==5T4?WG=+DM#C6RUOO:

M=YJY'
/J

MJJX





M!WK'(5





35+A9<AD\WA6^!U#GY&[K=_GP\


@/?%N]V+\):\O!&/@M Z@M?BO9M4!NR&CL=@C^\?
MFGN'OKFBXWY:I(*)I(<*T)$+B&$(+]=@-,E-7CKS[:7WD]:W[O(['7?NP
M:)?&#T6@6T1XSEUS$;H!MOO+6++O
_2=.];J@?1QY



ME 22Q8QF*

M6G1DFX



M#0+L#ZUS3)W6R3PU&3AW:%'6*M+BC Q0U_K1GABV6SF[ +END?LTK^-91;
C

]S;=1+^L]A^#



8MDAB[%3$+T7[H_
X\3OYKC3DZ!NV:W 4@WC;3NRSG





M7&FR$Z* #+GISDMRQJ
ZSRDZ(S(=N1R'IG0%7WKI3SZV%FE5Z0Y5E[AG3X=?
M^31]


Z['XU-:*/=M$@SQFG

HQIBD-(4(QHB1F (5^@&M
MHU-




MZIL^\

$1!J2%P#(@4!.6F


MCE

M OO6NO[_;%9MB_GOT^K/8M/6[N;;JM)P)T2@'*9YEIH3#6G* $F%3  4.%4Y



[G&U%5YW


UTZ

V/U*C0O5YMJ

/MH)
M'-=;=-$.7K3'Y_ 


R0!E&,!L4 L
MA4 IE<BV/8:YU;Y^_U:BWB+[7BU?=U-@/J0:27D _'H*N


\;
M+:N7;?(LPS06&=/!Z8@QCG$;9L00*MG^/RT%#AT-/BB(X=0D9_0BUQ:!<

IZ?=&WP@DWY\M98@.YB#QE!WF





M18'@( +K]^&INIL&I;DR=:.%H09J]&':0G5(6X-ZQ6*^
!:'N$GW#G54PXZ.

F)%U




%1.0*0 !S 3*@4R4S$'.6FB<



MN6I?^=
6C=&?_3.

YDB^0@
-^#I0-?

MX\@'[#P\5$;@W;DCR F

#@R-H=N#DQ'^5_
#-


A

MYIG-J@%KSKZU:$T(TG [JJ$?'SC&H

M^P38WZ?5W6+5S$SY=%U

M9QK28?71_
W#VJ


MAK

I4DHL4'2Z%QJ!WV L*+O2^87.X6F?!/PSZH_W!V705IB)D


N$H
W:$G7!?
MS@=N0NV5_BJ[
3D&14.XY%QJ&X@V\HA^K2;JG[5OWU]2^?E8[U'UCQXC23


)NW-GI77#:

M3

M5?%A4SRL)SE'-





&H@7D4:V56TPS:L
ML-KQ=48]/1

M)@)G$






*=C=V\VH'*&H?Y@



MV16O+F2-0PTZ8G^UGM6= 5LE^*TJU^M/57F[T-$OP2G)
R82/;&4'F#M$O


M8A)S( CC
LM2B$!)(G;M17J'+:1+=L

Z;I



M98HXQ[D$2
]3B/Y?PCFT*SE+FB%Q#



C%Y$



6)^CGE8K'8K6GXKJ




Q3J](%K6-9K01=X;5-%V7=0O

K@Q.B9\1K&
^
8O8%L*X?HVUY&]DY.
M7D&992!!DL$8.*Y%GR#Z1IS!S*A_IVK:@&*E,=VN99XC3E!*40'2&&88


$

M:1;+  &94DBDG

MK]J1


B1S9$JD*L5[ZE/)U8Z*\^S11U!E 10 8H2




.QEA9]0

:*047
]*(WWN6\
@-
)*9_M!M;.

MP!R?L^W


MZ6

MH!AD+

MM$#K=RG
L;;I :P1[3U:!^GQ1[F%@%^$;3=!-T3O
4:F#NOU;70$
Q*7YME!

MB$6&!

M]IJ-


MQ=;)ZB!H0A^@*695
5T7T:;4*6N#MWX$8MDBCG0T*.]6=7FIZ5K_;;Z=U4='
M]+\XO#5D7HK_KMWOE(0-XTZ+1'ATGG2330TB








M@_
#ML51O:&)P!0(22%/.64J0UJ1XK8MB:!3G9]N+016C
/CM859H6QA=7G^






MHP\7UO4^MS?KXI];W8#\;J[;?BW^VC!MU)\3A3&%
H649R+W#PPD0N0I%C

%ETQ,SUMIC'OTS.R'7
MM_6[$??E4G.V-ALDFR=ZL]Y4T]E&MPTSKI.!3,0\2_)<9FDN8ZIBKJ50QK;K
M;W:-<6,E3K-4,( $(RS+(14Q9.:AIH$7)3;XS
'


Q &-.63(O'QZKXE[GY(OO1;
X\/=554R7YAS?;]/%

T%H##%!(&(8)*D/W@










_A
MU$5


3





=UW_?OK4O&1^






7'%N?/W SM['/%B<*M?W6*Z!.O6KS+M5.QS41]R_UIJ*/\P

UX(T(


2PE

MZS\S))4@3HGGV88D(B+C@I


CW?;(*#!1%OQ &?]%U6\KU:4OKO



)!(*DB2TK:-C+B5ZW+[
MY





M67W5N\:VNQT^()$.VCX@H;W%W958.RT_S\ I











VYRY5]-%

M(K4)ZP^KYGK6^_81 +G 7 BE(
8D)9+M[5

T(G^ES?EY==S?-OE$DZ.*7 _

M)FFBDA2W%T0@$ E (SP)V-^H


;2+*W?+*
TYTD&W9:6WVV.




H$P %
6YVI&


MH3U)FY6




MYCJ%;





MNEZLC[9:





RH=!')X&!
M+P'7!8FXCF7UC;T:INN1Y-#NL%/647G37%;Z%&-_2HZ0G\5[?!?U9.-QEV[
@]G[JOSU8/R;+V)9QK=Z=-1)OYB U'D2&19RED<
M Z)GOPE
LK9MG

D
M$V+'#*PK?V[2%)ZKI)T@!1]/





M;Y5)'  6-
Y FB8DYC!%*DE$VRQ#N=
#@KT;WYBP>#[=6D 1HO#.)O6$*^B
MN\IY)M&?7\OST-2ZWANH6&UQO9:O:ZBW\ZR&N:0PCMLG3N
M'D;PRY

\J! !A!!'#:-@H@













X*G]/I:4/KK*JXUE!_+]6*S

M%LA[]9X#E0H^9N%
LM:1KG&D95W!ORK*VX
#6S$XOIIGCF@_S_DF+
[3)%.(
M$\%AEE.5XE:!$


M)I) PB7! N7
5

_V!!-8^BSNN5\]N_[=%QZ\BM5C/]#3B

MPYAJ?V_:-[\^JO2\!O-'\=?FZX]B^;WXO5QM[G6XDG&29Q(016.8(9;IL+4'


\F/H:Y&

MN1//! %






MVG



8(UP&6VD\H81!7,I3%FSN
M GV]]'YOA,ZV@IV@^(2X;Q&Q1V^C).B\7,1W2;+4T&^R]LCX[R^#0D&9U(P

M:)PZ4T!$FQ:9==1KMI+0E' B+HV6VT)5DE5A:^U$^E*M?(AQ8 I)6 @P2#

YL@1!D_/RV;5


B'&:L+X]6&]I&+F0N]8@-IP


MS?HHCM;R?G-^2*VM/FLG#*/A6^F?!L7ATB_+QP3UKF R1Q^L@Y99/-OG?X+3

M$NFQTB LDI0$$X3C+FBLO




MC

MAG70

88[(HRHYFK/
M=7$5&_T$.*1-EK


F*-=?652S_;VTY\_BW7^H!3%MFN?*P_1:?PV]]6S[1


MK@NGD&0IU+_4!E
2@N-Q

 0O(5D:



44%U)O8T


SRTAC.@9X=WLW



H
OK+=%3









MJY6FL6O





M-K/E[2@OVK*)'V8
@A  ;4,6&PH%%Q 4-&'$T__^Z/H$G1-+.BCF;@?Y_C




ME1B8
Y:)31!0'UE'T?DDV$J1J*MR&O^9?2CGKW^ 6_5PPQF#)Y9XP8$1FOCD



]_I+_M1]3V0=&\)-9*I U-JI]R#1&_
2DB8A-O*3


M4UH+C)D&N-*VS -4*Q?V[7C90P9S?USLS;RYO1OETT3H%U7T7TJ=K388MW&U


!'M5KF
MARPN_6$;VRR'IO


*UU]MX=35:(?R$Q'S.N7G'A(3
%B;V0
MUE+FM3686RP)LH8;8H1B/[D%3FU$?,R0Z9#+O0C-U*.;9/;7'L4*1?3ZU&1
M_]=REP\7QJT:FWQ\1(&+J\U54 ]WR=40-*W,'P!PFC'M12&8H
442BB2T*(
M+3:\5A2LJQCW).ZZ7+7/?







&+%*:LOBAB6J?+*K^




M)*(_0




< IV8\1D)J_-7Q2@\L_C\:=A<MLV&
:D$!
M4



79C%-E&\.R?5$@5.AM+0:*2HH$[Z:*FOJ1&M^#-K
M]](95H[#Y'%,&!@DWQ5?OI?_D8VFNR*5!\\5,%6 :VNA%#Y:#A@869%>0N.;
M58/T(L?&#/YL/PL!G?FK6'SLULP7(H@=/6(\(I%)I;7'VS4@%T9O=V#0^?
MQW)B



MU08P!@T1#]^FH;+) 3D_&(?E?#3YF7!X(/7[0M]RT:JX_)28.EG72.W VJO/
M!R


[*

M[R

\ 2AURK;
PDW(*'KI383+ %W/

MV@7&\7TK#Z/Z6^E;::TS2&JG';):4R^$KDQ492D]XZZ#;;%[?]_*PVC\UOI6



BHN+Z;9=5GL;M:S?V2P@ A )5**:8&D
M3

P\GQ44-APG)IW

ML8G4'R.&!-K4?.UA



65RZ?R[R


PCZ!U04'3G/:O392WM=H
M$[9[8
[L7)SL&!
XT8

MOL%LP2#J!%!8:XS3];J*X
JE-LS )D;Z (VFKI1:YX0_?2;JA^R ;BU/QP4A
M +48




M Z2^-U&#7Y?3^XNK] %73USNR;UIYP4!::0)!3:*ADA'JM+95D4]!5D3T3G



G(.GRP8BQT'%-M,((.\DW5&%

MF%4U:$@WY
UP$9TZX\]O.K



SA$IP;K



4M QBLBB'!4*1.)9KGFU=Z0L4VDW !C



E)K!1BF2FII!/35CCRD3;[V
M@YW ;]GT:]EUOZ96V?R\(WX3VO:E=5:+-(MI(E=MP#Q[/@CK%
18N^@Y0$(\

!S4+D0:

MFFBPPW.=.L\7Z4+ '$?)OE!1]27_.!G%'3_J)K[;RMDU+#A@H854:24=7_9F
M73:06=EOBC=12H




77
M@-.6$4$IB CF!
I1W
MNA]2!\T3%(#$.$]YZD%/
:&65'X

M')&I0RFC3Q&'C8)0 [PJ*L+$#6EZ;$5&/I%+0E@*NF,56&L@PD%76G8(
M-3GT&&#$J?NH0!=4[PMS-IOFW^(*OV6/Z/2A+







M
8: 4BH!8/K
D-4^\^M'$0^C] FBB%&I7$R7W][E
J;U
9M^OHEDK1=8W#8Z


!YV(QG\U'

,+6
MWZE/9USNQVGY+8_TU?=_G667[XK-]0AJ/,^_K6H 5NWSXL\V_?/JT*6=%P3L
M-(SRCPFGD$,80F!014&A99-JCD$:O&V J1P )_K22W%S#Z=LN^'X\%S@ L05
M:Z*H%9HR84QJQ+3:BS2VU_K\/C1/WQ!XB<CB=]?=L=_+F:K'+@O9;J8J!CG




HW2[WI/WFIO?F#FS6FR 0!4#4
?5[A#F3<S





M8#Q&CO'(NN)&+1



[3/B]#IW?6- .KYZ
MT7/Y*V\:\)@/9/:RJP$M!3#;3@&UXHVFLHM'N[\:1:N44^G ZEVV\B. B;
T!B)&





M8&B(D\;0=%PE*@HP04P_G19_4B2VS)SA^4&M^#H!(XTHX9#&+U1BPY'4E1)@

NO.2S_P!0%!2A 7$2 
2\Z.WXYWVAL@N6G *.J3U6:MH;EUSKQHV]8P/C1FNLD0$(

/


M'-N8Z5 T.=D\O*3R5+'3O@#;&5_Z0F=:_3+X
+M)1Q+?1I.D43YFTSR=2SQ-
M




M

60NN!
M4IH2ZCF@J
K




M.K7ZGN#-TKE BD%!@64:0P


MHQ@Q6''&G3'45'O30#6)%@X9+LWX_#RKK@7*]N9B/V3[_YG=?LVFNWSIY\\&
M@1V20@AB$8/





MLJD[0\-V?ZXIX?O3?



M;(



5*^.E27WOHFD:[#+[4[&RCW






<*N
ML:*)

M_(U?-(.&1G=(6

M=40K4()%J (:?^X-.[?N






'.2]IK
M]N:$4'.*]E?ONNJ(OE_J/'LR1//+
Q M
.

MO&V

L$1$6[/77*ZWIR6'PYI^
M/X&4HK[Z4M?WL.Z%[XL1P7$.#1&
00A2]HGPBABXJ?ND,H2:7
X5E?;T^

M
=ND3N?CZ*O:?+*8[ZQMWC

*;9
##8=;9


MY6PQK9/*_/J H Q25C

M6I=.WOY73@C$#@HL$34\ZG@0]3F R$F-HF%9+\6DNQV^*^(R%W5N17GEZ9!B


M_



 ' 0P*EIP;8C5S3
M!IV9'W

!4F@MYQ[$;43UQI#VMMJ+5.#
.FFT@H4&


3\@$Z)FW:
S[&C=Q;AD1M+9:BZBT4^TEU




!D%+'%9


6]R''+X;=&=
MG[OU(K
.I.F)*QX.KW6(?CW1B@L#'

M^*0^# D4'*(U)-)/0MK'^W)41


M *$!Q*FB*(X?A,4.;)+!IR)OT%V@7%CJK.ENE]FNRUN(E




M[)^+//[-EU
UCG^=Y:NBZ%4-W#8C_:C) F9&^^C%*&$$U49J .1&3D/1)(=[





H)90: Q1IO/CQC?I-1V:+*I/2P\%T6=


M:HVR_;5&JY:\+9?S%S5FRKZBU%6&JZ9 8QR@A6,-(K2DQ$E.--SE0'E%?4
M.=8ZH?;1ANPRZG ]S;)U.'HO?&J






G0VHSBB1@
M0DE&)??

IG_]C37G[7L  $A\SA


_BDPTS6##V/I@B .R0P

9&2
4&L

M%-9KPS213O#-7@UL4GPTR$/%MN

Z+ZZJ


M$0^Q!$IJ8:1G*MK-:RIXZ9HTWA]T%.04F9\M
^.D=N:AUF4 E$@ -=(F;L]:

_0[53BT HNR%[7]!Z'+2(Z]Z;


M-N_BQUFN2+TI+/Q83A.E#SU/Z^;5@1B&O$RQ3BDA9MIP7B4844O F94=MPW#



M.PX'J =^03WP]J1?31/Z'_K)-'E7(%81Y;UU@#GHA


$

<$,E00+!Q60J.(8:E]U'8-L#@4OL.L=$G-VXD%W^?B3


MQ9-G O%6:T9 M'D

M$[=+\/P]FTS^O2B_%Y^ST:PLLLMWL]GBU93@O6
0-#%#\ #RA-G9-1M*BH
M



ZB:[6TE$Z6$O9\(37R
MO;8-=)QHT$D+691/&LCN*64$FBE'9 G_#.Z.=+KI/7LG5
2&D61!LO@1
4



+'^]K8=TYF4E:PTKIIT7A.@.
MPNC\*2^@I5IZ;RT%%EH(8[V;)/#H &YUB?7\*URH2\

MW=:49S/W8SQ97*ZJTU(AYV+%^(NK%\3==F=2J_


MHI92+P0G5#DLO.

F3]
;6*6&Y@V3_B8QE7O-G)FEN/2@+KB(IC


M;6Q_.'!!C24TZCUID9% &EFM5DC%SJ1$LU


RXP


MUPRTG#R_D^
@: ^HM/C4T#XITTYLCYIR-G]H!WNXQ?ET?



\(;C^_5
MQDL]



Y#T:JU
M+A6L/TF07*6+I5-38$ 
!=I#7U'! 'MF!^DGUIA'T_UT^G'9U?][$3ESD]^M

W



MZKT1&MCX7THY 

2\


K:7VGHZV]HY@B,,
M*(VT 513+9RR4==YQPDE4I[94$[D-HF)7IF1E\.Z69_^OZ15/'3[)^+K!C?



G-FA:]L J2,26R)]
M[S!\5]PMYK,E46!]W?MR5.#:6( ,!TY[ZBC3@C-L&<'(2.3EN9IV[6)@&](:
MT_N4N$)'X6H]*FCK)8Q&!;1,4,6CHG::



M





Z75_)



D8+Z:*TKAQ755DH8_4BN ;9.W!N


M12RZ8(YB0D346
2Y:A?8TC
S2COB\):O_D#B]F5X5LM;W;SSKAA/HP6=V6SU





0%$! (1
M@GB]USXX48



!



VW=


MT!=9RB&%



&ES#UO^:JSI!.+!
GB^7 OZ

MQ61H(^D 

M#9:

M)Y__NY@M/_]3=D;C;7^1:4$=D9A)12WS

MD8TZC!XC VD3
@&)$)#5DN^N
8-PI$W@WPB37KP2XC:0S(AYFY[MEK?IV9C#
M@XQ3R'B5)$*]DOL[S !2M



MKAR;EM73([LZQ7E@CNUAJ4NN PVC2CL@\AR2$DN$=\XX+?=86M*&52
T.'ID



**OWH*;_M'$^USZ]'B)I?Y\$ZP;CX2[AU^72H?$Q[ZFR
MF%J7Z^\*0@AGV_$IXE6;)6J$Q^Q]
*@;9
_
'%LNUO/%W7QQ_?Y;VMNS)%?[
M1S\6%^7B8GXSOY=P#6]

Z^WRD32B'4YK+M.]K#\C/



![ :&!I.;)&[/  RB=6
QS@$<6X3_+&8W.:^J7R3IKF?S14YF4I^]E;N.


MX1H\


1C&W*^+;![ASQ.HV\33Q#=5/B&:.&MCZ8%0'

N#U;/)(/S^6H?




O=)B)-7ZS#&ZL_S[^M[A&L''[0U0NC=3CD.QV$

 U%&2RN3



M\& D)+U3$*)D
<\J2+CG8']Q#:?7?4\MR.3^K/G__#3]J
MZO


+#LKPH5O5)

WJ%H]7&CGGXL;G(T

:$9' S9 P6- %#
MB.*6MMH;1^G?Z)!N_4)]7NK]62POOLX6E_/5L736)]M&(ZD.Q$J)B06CDZV9

8X^'X-RS%-!2&(]
M$
NU]-HHKR4$0TUHL[75+@3U2LC0):#ZTAIX!7M_NA1LFUYPH)X4F[
\)[
MD
83% *3N
V%AU'6=^I#ZZF/X^!NN+-'Q73MA0LZ&;\

M G#65$K


&K0+P%YRN=

:91+8?\.'N




P




M[#=-&=4AZ$/1ZS$BCW;!TP0[WC R124/G$JL3#(%*1-X!V%2%
4PB=0G2+%.

M%U






M$Z$GDNEY %8=.#@82##[D[;Y:5))MU*[:.3X(1@UF
%&A


NA_
MM56A


6.:C
M](2RPAH1/;7
OYTRH2K+&J
]%


MS@B8AIU
4H V6]6(3L6'(%&7. _%J7W7,QSGJ3TX6'^;_[I-*$.-XIIEEC
M&6Y7*LV8 0CF'+%/=92V3:!.B,Z#Q^39V!/-CR])(#Y_3B=+A5E-Z*7
Z!

M6+.(
4_+*P'I0MJID4U& A(*

/:Y(



#A!EEK;*$

E


M(


ET.9B#H

@#ID3YH 01!D [0?G$7)8]
M2_^GT/+6@ ]%I8_%M[OEQ=?9JM#7RV*CNC__^I-)!RKW$7


MT'DX)-

T5@E'NKMV+^PBC


M:H1O8[LQ%$4^\]A^R^?2%
7RT^Q8=I4JS2*EW#I/
L'R]K*5 @.G!BE4Z#





^)QEABA GEO9JO3L%,3
M]L"3G ]LS[\MD(4[:FF$8#Z7(?;,9;SY.7[@]@G2&E: [G3;?+NCI!)H[\

SU*$X-Z-))6'D]\*<:^R2Q9UI+P@D)


M.7

MJNU8B6MU:CSRM:FQU&O%/M7#M_'9L2T7&_/#I%_FB^O]78WC9\C'6T7A+(#S

M



MZA?*G/

MV+3]Q/\L5M^*B_G5O+@\Z8L[V;MQI(A%S0#X@FHG%AIYWCRA/)A1VWE/-/

ML_=_
@H3VU.[$FO9
\Y32$#CI&

+?







XW2HP3NIH:&9W!I3@8C=^



IKG:.)D5IH$D+)$2WJ/




M3B.5+ ]IC6*[D6$IVVQD(SSY'78CZP#PX;:L(?/ 





(2C!
34/J0.JU:M'6P[?QWO7'LERM\C6L$S5&GS\7K212ZC1U#+'(
M:\ZD;OO,TY,3D/N1%9E=X@VEOC!I6A*/QLN2A.9!JLVCX&)-
ZFG1[0KR3
M'AO'_6X\H%JEG!FEYMLY0WINC%S]@&Y]F:V6FUR%.O5Q[3W;D;Z_JK
E*C
MBR@!

7TP)_^P&ZQ^'Q/6)3+'W_.%K/[4LIZ


M#/WFU=Q.9]]+.:W7^X2PAMC\\



?1@

4^ *80;[

M\O=



M_8*T]7!^37=(2;+#A0HYGY4D22T)R+#=R#16OV/=6VR*'0 ^S3ND 1-PP@9F
M+&=
=EWP'H?2M5([)1]U[%YL@/OKOAQ%F6/2@O#.!N6<2
-3N[%BB7^-%(/U

A=98^FXDD[XO





;AL!MQP+Z-


M_#N&GW&$@!$GE-?$(20?PA&


 *&$HF%
ML

&(N=!4









6IO3*A,Y@'M.P?CIT_
MSE=_GSKE?+E!M)J)9$LDNO,T.DUUPL@!9YA@J@296(6S@\R.T'U;)PQ/TRQ

MQZ?=1U?Q

]A










J[$Z'&T7L
M4#*

MRE8 AS-.=3-;_/T^V6.764+'W%U/'XR
6\62VB(YD5(BQ9*-M!T1!$8G%LW4

TN:1B7KKS[LKZZN_G9MVM/)O6IU4_(FL[%NF$:3 :
M

M^C_524Q;HA:&VGS9S'.-I=!TAX*6N(TN



MX-QI2AUN%!U!0@'C6F$I.7!GA-J-TAH_L40)0Y&J
\!'L'.^K1#.4Z5Y=%1!
M $O3O-**L*$W4\H*J!-R8 14NV\EM3U
_/M_^LBF1POYU?'3--JS2/H)SF
M2!@L@C$F7[0483]YP]1*O79+ALI


M260[PE)*7=.D)Y@'\^%??B^6Z_DJX;$M?W+

5N

[ )1
MITRHRK+&: _%




-$
M =NMCB)P
C$CIA
NM


M_ZV2#:%:!Q&
N!8'S /YC?9
M7_VNP:O#C2+EDII@$+%4 ;%&
0B[45H+;7) C% 7[H%

IE
SR#


MT@I.;!OROJXP^\;+X=F%




M_KXN_RB_%\M%=J_

$C;[#1 B1/8G4D[(UF05NE
M?\/3/D@8BTP&2RKP=?[M6ZZSLKC\/VELJ?]K6Z[6U;?

M-G5%\:]Q2- MPL
M7 DO

9\APOFK4(]\*]QM _ZD.Q\6UQ/;NIN;(=;!.1%92
MA2AA/JD*:<1&[+TXO%6M9/QKN/[PG:X(*)MJHZ040O-XDVA$01]8Y<)X$

\2QAR 7%=JD

Z]H=1<G!@B?8,27!(F.(!1U42'^V3MA6+NE7-6LKB[L<$._&
M1R7/ Z)VR\KE[L.^;^?K24K5[RD2@Y7WC 0#


YSR*#B@V3&F?O6(YT3X/02!&?*6YT*=O
MXU



MF_08)?+!I7G-'%6

Z#\J%8SLO+S6\N8?-FL5[.%ZOY13Z!/1U4
M



MW
IVR7\5JP1ZCM+_]]LF@\SG
O_I_=UZM9XMLO_I#/9PW8^*R(# WDK.A 3E


APD T\Q
TT$0H!Y
NQ:6*$



5V
M8W&DVH7VUT.]


MBJR

MV1U^@W%A]F\U+CQ^+BJ44% 
BV)QH/$G4GYY!QQ-0'&L3@[*4*!D@
M< XA UZ9V@%J?R@IW+#2;ZNT
I^X!S4KYQC]:OXE7?/12X]5L$REPQ[FI!2
ME.G=6(2R;3*2C# 

MQ)QL#65YB!&-



M
QLCL^NCD4Y]O^-=I8[9%V@(!;;!WLL

((UQV%.%


'*F[T



(93:J4+%H)41$H.C!(L*VGZ/:WU



M/;MN
P7.W9@1!I8\!,Z<WH^ET9O&-Z_CEV7



'&7:ZHEE_CPS&XZE$JXGB+&G
M$C;8I4$8QR536G G-%&[T6 '8EJT:B;(XZF$ZR'8;2IAUB5\+9-9 :'-$IL
MM,2!6FDV2W4C!D5IBGYND([F4JX&9SC#A*@U2;&ZAQ@LKB57 ]F
1;&IY



=1JE:RA\C:MK;/U!IZW6\WXA+5QI%6T+ 0'UBJ&



MPWYZ-@89)!9:

_S=588WBPNY]_G


IF<:).1ZC4P
MIRM9EQV/!1E3#E;7KZ_VGWKRGZ=S7.QJ9

&/AEII$&\KW.GK^$TQ!&XU-@$
L4Y \-SLHAZ Z]#F


2ZD






9_=[ /^6MAL#5\4O;%2.FV]U\@S
^2L5WY'#T[:56U2



[.139_KE\5RYV]O+^&NT+

MCV6Y.EHGNV&7D8*E@2/K@Q.&\$HVZ4+YQ24:S,#1FB$CV8&#.O!T:/ICCB



MV%KBA?.!NVPE(A



=.K6'^?HI
\?=-P7TKC4VE0D_?*^6C[F]#%=
MGN$X_;:( P.L%,:&* Z8*\,= D=9KMCBQ+_-#_3^B43;K[/^WWK=2I\&78E


M1&F^U%R+Y-
8

ME.3[V=@.\-GY!MYE6IT*4YX-:#ZLWSE3OGI7E
DH6P[203XJ $8Q#$8$&T J

PP'CI-K


M(C?$222L#-YSG=;6#KP53G(@0AE5DKMGA

M-S$@KKC3(A#LG@+G 1NG4"$0^\Y$#E

MF7X

2)(K90C#!NI=
#
2\4%-QYKU^@:02^C/)L8]94_


MAZ/

L45E

RUC



9#9VW:^%%J:)#I_-PX&A7.N/*)T6LB
2')

@UH;O7G

)(#DPKJ8

QJE[6JX9?5H8HD.] .QC^;5'HZ
MT20*))/MYHSIP
 @RCP^CE!I#C
[%M[AENFU

MP2.C(AZR:QJP

M;K=Y)?.62_5J@XB)

2YE8YI6U4M2+5WKRE;9+5?UV5




M#?
:9%HL!_!:)


K]W6_'C:X6; .V/O\B_\@7O?[^M_\#4$L! A0#%
M  @ 8X!G3 ^T9C6OP$ 3LL< !$              ( !     &)R97<M
C Q
M-S$R


C Q-S$R

+.

C Q-S$R
S%?8V%L
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &. 9TQIQ^

4     !C@&=,#TEY
MB2DB 0Z= X %0              @ &-90( 8G)E=RTR
#$W
3(S
5]L86(N


C Q-S$R

@0


