

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-13-012026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130312
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000892222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				911141254
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26542
		FILM NUMBER:		13684539
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 NORTH RUSSELL
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97227
		BUSINESS PHONE:		503-331-7270
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 NORTH RUSSELL
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97227
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CRAFT BREWERS ALLIANCE
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080701
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REDHOOK ALE BREWERY
 INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080626
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REDHOOK ALE BREWERY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950703









    














 D. C. 20549









For the Fiscal Year Ended: December 31
 2012






 ALLIANCE
 INC.






























Portland
 Oregon

















Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code:&#160;&#160;



















Common Stock
 $0.005 par value
















Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.





Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
 or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&#160;&#160;

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 




 2012 (based upon the closing price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock
 as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market
 of $8.18 per share) was $85
840
781.


The number of shares outstanding of the registrant&#8217;s common stock as of February 26
 2013 was 18
887
323 shares.



























CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.

























































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

























































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance









































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence










































































This annual report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements. Generally
 the words &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8221;may
&#8221; &#8220;plan&#8221; and similar expressions or their negatives identify forward-looking statements
 which generally are not historical in nature. These statements are based upon assumptions and projections that we believe are reasonable
 but are by their nature inherently uncertain. Many possible events or factors could affect our future financial results and performance
 and could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed
 including those risks and uncertainties described in &#8220;Item 1A. - Risk Factors&#8221; and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this annual report.




In this report
 we rely on and refer to information regarding industry data obtained from market research
 publicly available information
 industry publications
 U.S. government sources or other third parties. Although we believe that the third-party sources of information we use are materially complete
 accurate and reliable
 there is no assurance of the accuracy
 completeness or reliability of third-party information.





















Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. is an independent craft brewer formed by the union of four unique and pioneering craft beer brands:












Redhook Ale Brewery founded by Gordon Bowker and Paul Shipman in 1981 in Seattle
 Washington;













Widmer Brothers Brewing founded by brothers Kurt and Rob Widmer in 1984 in Portland
 Oregon;













Kona Brewing Co. founded by father and son team Cameron Healy and Spoon Khalsa in 1994 in Kona
 Hawaii; and













Omission Beer internally developed by our brewing team in 2012 in Portland
 Oregon.





Since our formation
 we have focused our business activities on satisfying consumers through the brewing
 marketing and selling of high-quality craft beers in the United States. Today
 as an independent craft brewer
 we possess several distinct advantages unique in the craft beer category. These advantages derive from the combination of our innovative quality craft beers; the strength of our distinct
 authentic brand portfolio; our seamless national distribution and national sales and marketing reach; our financial capabilities as a public company; our owned brew pubs; and our bi-coastal breweries.


We proudly brew our craft beers in four company-owned breweries including three mainland breweries located in Portsmouth
 New Hampshire; Portland
 Oregon; and the Seattle suburb of Woodinville
 Washington; and one Hawaii brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. We also own and operate a small pilot brewery
 primarily used for small batch production and innovative brews
 at the Rose Quarter sports arena in Portland
 Oregon.


We distribute our beers to retailers through independent wholesalers that are aligned with the Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;) network. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B. Our agreement with A-B initially allowed us to establish relationships nationwide with these wholesalers. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. Redhook and Widmer Brothers beers are distributed in all 50 states and Kona beers are distributed in 31 states. Omission Beer recently became available nationally and we continue to expand into new markets in both the U.S. and internationally. Separate from our wholesalers
 we maintain an independent sales and marketing organization with resources across the key functions of brand management
 field marketing
 field sales
 and national retail sales.

















We operate in two segments: Beer Related operations and Pubs. Beer Related operations include the brewing and sale of craft beers from our five breweries
 both domestically and internationally. Pubs operations primarily include our five pubs
 four of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations
 other merchandise sales
 and sales of our beers directly to customers.





During the second quarter of 2012


 including malted barley
 that are specially crafted to remove gluten. The brand includes two styles: Omission Lager and Omission Pale Ale. Unlike many other beers in the fast-growing gluten-free category
 Omission beers have flavor profiles that consumers would expect from traditionally brewed lagers and pale ales. Our innovative brewing process
 which allows us to reduce the gluten levels to well below the widely accepted international Codex gluten-free standard of 20 parts per million for food and beverages
 is unique to Omission Beer.


In March and April 2012
 we began offering Kona Longboard Island Lager and Redhook Long Hammer IPA
 respectively
 in 12 oz. cans on a national basis. These new packages allow Kona Brewing and Redhook fans to enjoy our craft beers during more occasions &#8211; especially those where glass bottles may not be the best option
 such as on the beach
 in the ballpark or at the pool.


In March of 2012
 coinciding with the start of the Major League Soccer season
 Redhook partnered with the Seattle Sounders and their fan support club


 in addition to Redhook&#8217;s partnership with sportscaster and television &amp; radio personality Dan Patrick


In August 2012
 Kona Big Wave Golden Ale
 which had previously only been available in Hawaii
 joined Kona&#8217;s portfolio on the mainland that includes its flagship Longboard Island Lager
 Fire Rock Pale Ale and the trio of Aloha Series seasonals. Big Wave Golden Ale is one of Kona&#8217;s original beers
 first brewed at our Kailua-Kona home brewery in 1995
 and is a great session beer with a bright
 quenching finish. Like Longboard
 Big Wave Golden Ale is a year-round offering and is available in all of Kona&#8217;s markets.





We are a brewer in the craft brewing segment of the U.S. brewing industry. The domestic beer market is comprised of ales and lagers produced by large domestic brewers
 international brewers and craft brewers. Shipments of craft beer in the United States are estimated by industry sources to have increased by approximately 12.0% in 2012 over 2011 and by 14.5% for 2011 over 2010. While the overall domestic market experienced a modest increase of 1.2% in 2012
 the craft beer segment continued its strong growth and captured market share from the rest of the domestic market. Craft beer shipments in 2012 and 2011 were approximately 6.6% and 5.9%
 respectively
 of total beer shipped in the U.S. Approximately 13.7 million barrels and 12.3 million barrels
 respectively
 were shipped in the United States by the craft beer segment during 2012 and 2011
 while total beer sold in the U.S.
 including imported beer
 was 208.8 million barrels and 206.2 million barrels
 respectively. Compared with the other segments of the U.S. brewing industry
 craft brewing is a relative newcomer. Approximately twenty years ago
 Redhook and Widmer Brothers Brewery were among the approximately 200 craft breweries in operation. By the end of 2012
 the number of craft breweries in operation had grown to 2
300. Industry sources estimate that craft beer produced by regional and national craft brewers
 similar to us
 accounts for approximately two-thirds of total craft beer sales
 with one-third of the production brewed by smaller craft breweries.

















The recent competitive environment has been characterized by two divergent trends; the number and diversity of craft brewers have significantly increased while
 simultaneously
 the national domestic brewers have acquired or been acquired by other national domestic and foreign brewers. In 2012
 according to industry sources
 A-B and MillerCoors accounted for more than 80% of total beer shipped in the United States
 excluding imports. In addition
 A-B and MillerCoors have invested in existing smaller craft breweries and created separate craft-focused divisions in an effort to capitalize on the growing craft beer segment.





Our consumer mission is to satisfy more consumers
 at more times
 in more locations through more authentic
 distinct craft beer and brands than any other competitor.














An innovative portfolio of distinct

 customers are able to forge a strong relationship with the targeted brands. The breadth of our product offerings also provides consumers with the opportunity to match specific consumer occasions with a product in our brand families.















We believe that we are able to leverage our national sales and marketing capabilities and complementary brand families to create a unique identity in the distribution channel and with the consumer. We believe that the combination of the complementary brand families promoted by one integrated sales and marketing organization delivers both financial benefits and greater impact at the point of sale. We have invested in technologies that allow us to not only focus our brand families and product offerings on those markets and regions that represent the most significant opportunities
 but also measure the results of those efforts. Our sales force has been structured to be able to call on all retail channels nationally
 including grocery
 drug and convenience stores
 where most other craft brewers are not able to do so.





We distribute our beers to retailers through independent wholesalers that are aligned with the A-B distribution network. These sales are made pursuant to the A-B Distributor Agreement. Our agreement with A-B initially allowed us to establish relationships nationwide with these wholesalers. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. This distribution footprint provides efficiencies in logistics and product delivery
 state reporting and licensing
 billing and collections. We have realized these efficiencies while maintaining full autonomy over the production
 sale and marketing of our products as an independent company.












 Our breweries are located on both coasts and in Hawaii
 which allows for efficient brewing and distribution of our beers. We prefer to own and operate our breweries to optimize the quality and consistency of our products and to achieve greater control over our production costs. We believe that maximizing the production under our direct ownership and through selection of accomplished and expert partners is critical to our success. Further
 we believe that our ability to engage in ongoing product innovation and to control product quality provides critical competitive advantages. Each of our breweries is modern
 has flexible production capabilities
 and is designed to produce beer in smaller batches relative to the national domestic brewers
 thereby allowing us to brew a wide variety of brand offerings. Our New Hampshire Brewery has room for bolt-on capacity additions
 while our Oregon Brewery was expanded with additional fermentation tanks in the summer of 2012. We believe that our investment in brewing and logistic technologies enables us to minimize brewery operating costs and consistently produce innovative beer styles.































 Our five brew-pub restaurants allow us to interact directly with over 1.5 million consumers annually in our home markets
 which creates a sense of brand loyalty. Our brewers are continually experimenting with new and different varieties of hops and malts in all styles of beer. Our brew-pubs provide us with the opportunity to bring those beers to market in test-size batches in order to understand their strengths prior to releasing them on a national level.








Our beer portfolio is comprised of the Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona and Omission brand families.


We produce a variety of specialty craft beers using traditional brewing methods complemented by American innovation and invention. We brew our beers using high-quality hops
 malted barley
 wheat
 rye and other natural traditional and nontraditional ingredients. To help maintain full flavor
 our products are not pasteurized and we apply a freshness date to our products for the benefit of wholesalers and consumers. We generally distribute our products in glass bottles and kegs.


Within each brand family
 we have created several types and styles of craft beer that align with a variety of consumer taste preferences. We have created year-round brands and flagship brands that help define our brand families&#8217; identities; these are the brands that consumers usually think of when they think of our brand families
 and are usually the most widely available.


Seasonal brand offerings provide the consumer compelling variety on the retail shelf or at the pub
 restaurant or bar. Many of these brand offerings are brewed to match the seasonal change in weather
 specific events (e.g. Oktoberfest) or popular activities and are replaced with new offerings when the season or conditions change. These brands allow our brewers to experiment and innovate with ingredients and brewing styles. Additionally
 each of the brand families has developed a wide range of high-end brands
 some of which are offered as limited releases
 that are offered exclusively at our restaurants and pubs.


Given the long relationship that many consumers have had with each of the brands and the growing consumer interest in high-end craft beers
 we have also developed a group of higher-end specialty beers that are brewed
 bottled and packaged in a manner befitting the unique nature of these beers. Our high-end brands are marketed toward the select segment of consumers that enjoy unique beer experiences
 a rapidly growing segment within the craft beer segment.


The brands within each of the brand families are categorized below
 with details provided for key year round contributors within each of the families. These brands are usually offered both in draft and packaged formats.



Since 1984
 Widmer Brothers has fostered the brotherhood of craft beer by creating uncommon beer experiences to be discovered and shared by fellow beer lovers. Widmer Brothers beers frequently use newly developed hop varieties and unusual ingredients in their recipes. Key segments within the Widmer Brothers brand family are core beers
 seasonal beers and high-end beers.



&#8221; first brewed in 1986
 Series allows our brewers to experiment with new India Pale Ale recipes and share those limited-release beers with beer drinkers through this unique
 experimental year-round series. The Widmer Brothers core lineup continues to evolve as our brewers develop new
 innovative and market-relevant recipes.

















Widmer Brothers Brewing was the first craft brewery in the United States to offer an annual full lineup of four seasonal beers. From our use of experimental hops in recipe development to unique takes on traditional beer styles
 the Widmer Brothers seasonal lineup offers beer drinkers an opportunity to enjoy uncommon and seasonally-relevant beer experiences.


 beers are the specialty high-end offerings for the Widmer Brothers brand. The beers chosen for this brand reflect the passion and uniqueness of the Widmer brothers and are extremely limited. This series of beers is focused on the knowledgeable and enthusiastic beer lover who is looking for something exclusive
 rare and collectible.



The Redhook family of beers is comprised of sessionable (lower alcohol by volume) and approachable beers with character that push style boundaries without being over the top. Key segments within the Redhook brand family are core
 seasonal and regional beers.





Seasonal offerings under Redhook are also approachable and easy to drink. Redhook seasonal beers are brewed with seasonal beer drinking occasions in mind such as barbequing
 snow sports and tailgating.


Regionally
 Redhook also brews the Blueline Series in Washington and the Backyard Series in the Northeast. The beers in these series are more experimental in nature than core Redhook beers and designed to appeal to consumers that enjoy higher-end
 specialty craft beers.



The Kona Brewing portfolio is comprised of beers that deliver the authentic essence of the Hawaiian Islands that is &#8220;Always Aloha.&#8221; Our brewers&#8217; approach is to create complex
 full tasting beers with a relaxed style and charm that celebrates the one of a kind lifestyle of Hawaii.


Kona&#8217;s year-round brews deliver what you would expect from a brewery born in Hawaii &#8211; approachable
 refreshing ales and lagers of uncompromised quality &#8211; the perfect reward after a day in the surf.


The Aloha Series seasonal lineup features beers brewed with non-traditional ingredients unique to the Islands
 such as passion fruit and toasted coconut. These beers not only showcase our brewers&#8217; talents and creativity
 but also capture unique flavors of Hawaiian experience.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 visitors to the Kona Brewery will find over a dozen draft only offerings that are served exclusively in Hawaii.



The Omission brand family is comprised of handcrafted beers made from barley
 hops
 water and yeast
 brewed using a proprietary process to remove gluten. Key brands within the Omission brand family are 


 is a refreshing
 aromatic hop profile offers a unique
 easy-drinking craft beer for those looking for a lighter and approachable beer style.&#160;&#160;Bold and hoppy
 is a hop-forward American pale ale
 brewed to showcase the Cascade hop profile. Amber in color
 Omission 


















In 2012
 we developed a multi-brand seasonal variety pack
 including brands from Kona
 Widmer Brothers and Redhook
 that satisfied consumers&#8217; growing thirst for two major trends in craft beer
 the popularity of both seasonal beers and variety packs.



In an effort to stay current with consumer style and flavor preferences
 we routinely analyze consumer trends and behavior
 trends in other food and beverage segments
 and our brand families and product offerings to identify beer styles or consumer taste preferences that appear to be under-served or not currently addressed. After identifying a potential new product offering
 we will either tap into our brewing recipe library to determine if we have offered the targeted style either on a one-time basis or as a limited seasonal run or will use our pilot brewing system to create an experimental new beer. We may then offer this experimental new brew directly to consumers through on-premise test marketing at our own pubs and at exclusive retail sites.&#160;&#160;If the initial consumer reception of an experimental or new brew appears to meet the desired taste profile
 we develop a brand identity to solidify the consumer perception of the product. We believe that our continued success is based on our ability to be attentive and responsive to consumer desires for new and distinctive tastes
 and our capacity to meet these desires with original and novel taste profiles while maintaining consistently high product quality.



In order to profitably use excess capacity
 we have a contract brewing arrangement under which we produce beer in volumes and per specifications as designated by the arrangement. Prior to September 1
 2012
 we had two contract brewing arrangements.


Effective September 1
 2012
 in the best interest of both parties
 we mutually agreed with Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC (&#8220;FSB&#8221;) to end our contract brewing arrangement with them. Under the termination agreement
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB will pay us $70
000 per month through September 2013. We recorded $838
000 in Sales from September 1
 2012 to December 31
 2012 under the terms of the termination agreement and $3.1 million in sales pursuant to the contract brewing arrangement from January 1
 2012 to November 30
 2012.


During 2012
 we shipped 49
600 barrels under these contract brewing arrangements
 24
400 of which were to FSB.






We use highly automated brewing equipment at our four production breweries and also operate a smaller
 manual brewpub-style brewing system. As of December 31
 2012
 our total production capacity was 1
075
000 barrels.&#160;&#160;Our breweries consist of the following:












. Our Oregon Brewery is our largest capacity production brewery
 consisting of a 230 barrel brewing system with an annual capacity of 630
000 barrels.















. Our Washington Brewery utilizes a 100 barrel brewing system and has an annual capacity of 220
000 barrels.















. Our New Hampshire Brewery utilizes a 100 barrel brewing system and has an annual capacity of 215
000 barrels. It uses an anaerobic waste-water treatment facility that completes the process cycle.















. Our Hawaiian Brewery utilizes a 25 barrel brewing system and has an annual capacity of 10
000 barrels. During 2010
 the Hawaiian Brewery installed a 229-kilowatt photovoltaic solar energy generating system to supply approximately 50 percent of its energy requirements through renewable energy.






























. Our Rose Quarter Brewery maintains a 10 barrel pilot brewing system at the Rose Quarter sports arena in Portland
 Oregon and is our smallest brewery.






We package our craft beers in cans
 bottles and kegs. All of our production breweries
 with the exception of the Hawaiian Brewery
 have fully automated bottling and keg lines. The bottle fillers at all of the breweries utilize a carbon dioxide environment during bottling
 ensuring that minimal oxygen is dissolved in the beer
 extending the shelf life. In February 2012
 we added a canning line at our Oregon Brewery to package our Kona Longboard Island Lager and Redhook Longhammer IPA in various can sizes. We offer an assortment of packages to highlight the unique characteristics of each of our beers and to provide greater opportunities for customers to drink our beers in more locations and at more events and occasions
 matching the active lifestyles and preferences of our consumers.



We monitor production and quality control at all of our breweries
 with central coordination at the Oregon Brewery. All of the breweries have an on-site laboratory where microbiologists and lab technicians supervise on-site yeast propagation
 monitor product quality
 test products
 measure color and bitterness
 and test for oxidation and unwanted bacteria. We also regularly utilize outside laboratories for independent product analysis. In addition
 every batch of beer that we produce goes through a panel of internal testers (our taste panel) who ensure it meets our taste and profile standards.



We currently purchase a significant portion of our malted barley from two suppliers and our premium-quality select hops
 mostly grown in the Pacific Northwest
 from competitive sources. We also periodically purchase small lots of hops from international sources
 such as New Zealand and Western Europe
 which we use to achieve a special hop character in certain beers. In order to ensure the supply of the hop varieties used in our products
 we enter into supply contracts for our hop requirements. We believe that comparable quality malted barley and hops are available from alternate sources at competitive prices
 although there can be no assurance that pricing would be consistent with our current arrangements. We currently cultivate our own yeast supply for certain strains and maintain a separate
 secure supply in-house. We have access to multiple competitive sources for packaging materials
 such as labels
 six-pack carriers
 crowns
 cans and shipping cases.





With limited exceptions
 all brewers in the United States are required to sell their beers to independent wholesalers
 who then sell the beers to retailers. We are the only independent craft brewer in the U.S. to have established a wholly aligned distribution network through our partnership with A-B. This partnership provides us seamless national distribution
 which results in both a highly effective distribution presence in each market and administrative efficiencies. Our beers are available for sale directly to consumers in draft
 cans and bottles at restaurants
 bars and liquor stores
 as well as in cans and bottles at supermarkets
 warehouse clubs
 convenience stores and drug stores. We sell beer directly to consumers at our brew pubs and breweries.


Our products are distributed in all 50 states
 pursuant to a master distributor agreement with A-B that allows us access to A-B&#8217;s national distribution network. For additional information regarding our relationship with A-B
&#8221; below. Management believes that our competitors in the craft beer segment generally negotiate distribution relationships separately with wholesalers in each locality and
 as a result
 typically distribute through a variety of wholesalers representing differing national beer brands with uncoordinated territorial boundaries.


In 2012 and 2011
 we sold approximately 660
000 barrels and 611
200 barrels
 respectively
 to the wholesalers in A-B&#8217;s distribution network through the A-B Distributor Agreement
 accounting for 91.0% and 90.9%
 respectively
 of our shipment volume for the corresponding periods.




















We promote our products through a variety of means
 including i) creating and executing a range of advertising programs; ii) training and educating wholesalers and retailers about our products; iii) promoting our name
 product offerings and brands
 and experimental beers at local festivals
 venues and pubs; iv) selling our beers in the restaurants and pubs operated by us; and v) targeted discounting to create competitive advantage within the market place.


We advertise and promote our products through an assortment of media
 including television
 radio
 billboard
 print and social media
 including Facebook and Twitter
 in key markets and by participating in co-operative programs with our wholesalers whereby our spending is matched by the distributor. We believe that the financial commitment by the distributor helps align the distributor&#8217;s interests with ours
 and the distributor&#8217;s knowledge of the local market results in an advertising and promotion program that is targeted in a manner that will best promote our products.


Our breweries also play a significant role in increasing consumer awareness of our products and enhancing our image as a craft brewer. Thousands of visitors per year take tours at our breweries and all of our production breweries have a retail restaurant or pub where our products are served. In addition
 several of the breweries have meeting rooms that the public can rent for business meetings
 parties and holiday events
 and that we use to entertain and educate wholesalers
 retailers and the media about our products. At our pubs
 we also sell various items of apparel and memorabilia bearing our trademarks
To further promote retail canned and bottled product sales and in response to local competitive conditions
 we regularly recommend that wholesalers offer discounts to retailers in most of our markets.


Relationship with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC



The Amended and Restated Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement (the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;) is an agreement with A-B under which we granted A-B certain contractual rights. The Exchange Agreement was entered into as part of a recapitalization in which we redeemed preferred shares held by A-B in exchange for cash and our common stock currently held by A-B
 which total 32.2% of our outstanding shares of common stock at December 31
 2012.


The Exchange Agreement entitles A-B to designate two members of our board of directors. A-B also generally has the right to have a designee on each committee of the board of directors
 except where prohibited by law or stock exchange requirements
 or with respect to a committee formed to review or determine transactions or proposed transactions between A-B and us. The Exchange Agreement also contains limitations on our ability to take certain actions without A-B&#8217;s prior consent
 including
 but not limited to
 our ability to issue equity securities or acquire or sell assets or stock
 amend our Articles of Incorporation or bylaws
 grant board representation rights
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates
 distribute our products in the United States other than through A-B or as provided in the A-B Distributor Agreement
 or voluntarily terminate our listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market.



The A-B Distributor Agreement provides for the distribution of Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona and Omission beers in all states
 territories and possessions of the United States
 including the District of Columbia and
 except with respect to Kona beers
 all U.S. military
 diplomatic
 and governmental installations in a U.S. territory or possession. Under the A-B Distributor Agreement
 we granted A-B the right of first refusal to distribute our products
 including any internally developed new products but excluding new products that we acquire. We are responsible for marketing our products to A-B&#8217;s wholesalers
 as well as to retailers and consumers.


The A-B Distributor Agreement has a term that expires on December 31
 2018
 subject to automatic renewal for an additional ten-year period unless A-B provides written notice of non-renewal to us on or prior to June 30
 2018. The A-B Distributor Agreement is also subject to immediate termination
 by either party
 upon the occurrence of standard events of default as defined in the agreement.

















Additionally
 the A-B Distributor Agreement may be terminated by A-B
 with six months&#8217; prior written notice to us
 upon the occurrence of any of the following events:












we engage in certain incompatible conduct that is not cured to A-B's satisfaction (at A-B&#8217;s sole discretion) within 30 days. Incompatible conduct is defined as any act or omission that
 in A-B&#8217;s opinion
 damages the reputation or image of A-B or the brewing industry;













any A-B competitor or affiliate thereof acquires 10% or more of our outstanding equity securities
 and that entity designates one or more persons to our board of directors;













our current chief executive officer ceases to function in that role or is terminated
 and a satisfactory successor
 in A-B&#8217;s opinion
 is not appointed within six months;



























A-B
 its subsidiaries
 affiliates
 or parent
 incur any obligation or expense as a result of a claim asserted against them by or in our name
 or by our affiliates or shareholders
 and we do not reimburse and indemnify A-B and its corporate affiliates on demand for the entire amount of the obligation or expense.





As of both December 31
 2012 and 2011
 A-B owned approximately 32.2% of our outstanding common stock.



We pay fees to A-B in connection with the sale of our products
 including margin fees
 invoicing
 staging and cooperage handling fees
 and inventory manager fees.


See Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.





Our sales generally reflect a degree of seasonality
 with the first and fourth quarters historically exhibiting low sales levels compared to the second and third quarters. Accordingly
 our results for any particular quarter are not likely to be indicative of the results to be achieved for the full year.





We compete in the craft brewing market as well as in the much larger alcoholic beverage market
 which encompasses domestic and imported beers
 flavored alcohol beverages
 spirits
 wine and ciders.


Competition within the domestic craft beer segment and the specialty beer market is based on product quality
 taste
 consistency and freshness
 ability to differentiate products
 promotional methods and product support
 distribution coverage
 local appeal and price.


The craft beer segment is increasingly competitive due to the proliferation of small craft brewers
 including contract brewers
 and the large number of products offered by such brewers. Craft brewers have also encountered more competition as their peers expand distribution. Competition also varies by regional market. Depending on the local market preferences and distribution
 we have encountered strong competition from microbreweries
 regional specialty brewers and several national craft brewers that include MillerCoors&#8217; Tenth and Blake Beer Company division (&#8220;Tenth and Blake&#8221;)
 and A-B&#8217;s Goose Island and Shock Top divisions. Because of the large number of participants and number of different products offered in this segment
 the competition for bottled product placements and especially for draft beer placements has intensified. Although certain of these competitors distribute their products nationally and may have greater financial and other resources than we have
 we believe that we possess certain competitive advantages
 including our broad array of brand offerings within our four brand families and the scale of our production breweries.

















We also compete against producers of imported brands
 such as Heineken
 Corona Extra and Guinness. Most of these foreign brewers have significantly greater financial resources than we have. Although imported beers currently account for a greater share of the U.S. beer market than craft beers
 we believe that craft brewers possess certain competitive advantages over some importers
 including lower transportation costs
 no importation costs
 proximity to and familiarity with local consumers
 a higher degree of product freshness
 eligibility for lower federal excise taxes and absence of currency fluctuations.


In response to the growth of the craft beer segment
 most of the major domestic national brewers have introduced fuller-flavored beers
 including well-funded significant product launches in the wheat category. While these product offerings are intended to compete with craft beers
 many of them are brewed according to methods used by these brewers in their other product offerings. The major national brewers
 including Tenth and Blake through MillerCoors
 and Goose Island and Shock Top through A-B
 have significantly greater financial resources than us and have access to a greater array of advertising and marketing tools to create product awareness of these offerings. Although increased participation by the major national brewers increases competition for market share and can heighten price sensitivity within the craft beer segment
 we believe that their participation tends to increase advertising
 distribution and consumer education and awareness of craft beers
 and thus may ultimately contribute to further growth of this industry segment.


In the past several years
 several major distilled spirits producers and national brewers have introduced flavored alcohol beverages. Products such as Smirnoff Ice
 Bacardi Silver and Mike&#8217;s Hard Lemonade have captured sizable market share in the higher-priced end of the malt beverage industry.&#160;&#160;We believe sales of these products
 along with strong growth in the imported and craft beer segments of the malt beverage industry
 contributed to an increase in the overall U.S. alcohol market.&#160;&#160;These products are particularly popular in certain regions and markets in which we sell our products.


Competition for consumers of craft beers has also come from wine and spirits. Growth in this segment appears to be attributable to competitive pricing
 television advertising
 increased merchandising and increased consumer interest in wine and spirits. Recently
 the wine industry has been aided
 on a limited basis
 by its ability to sell outside of the three-tier system
 allowing sales to be made directly to the consumer. While the craft beer segment competes with wine and spirits
 it also benefits from many of the same advantages enjoyed by wine and spirit producers. These include consumers who allow themselves affordable luxuries in the form of high quality alcoholic beverages.


A significant portion of our sales continues to be in the Pacific Northwest and in California
 which we believe are among the most competitive craft beer markets in the United States
 both in terms of number of participants and consumer awareness. We believe that these areas offer significant competition for our products
 not only from other craft brewers but also from the growing wine market and from flavored alcohol beverages. Our recent marketing efforts have been focused on creating appealing new brands and better communicating the attributes of our portfolio of existing beers
 highlighting and strengthening the identities to better match the preferences and lifestyles of a greater number of consumers. We believe that our broad array of beers and brands enables us to offer an assortment of flavors and experiences that appeal to more people.





See Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the required segment and enterprise-wide information.




















Our business is highly regulated at federal
 state and local levels. Various permits
 licenses and approvals necessary for our brewery and pub operations and the sale of alcoholic beverages are required from a number of agencies
 including the U.S. Treasury Department
 the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#8220;TTB&#8221;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 state alcohol regulatory agencies
 and state and local health
 sanitation
 safety
 fire and environmental agencies. In addition
 the beer industry is subject to substantial federal and state excise taxes
 although smaller brewers producing less than two million barrels annually
 including us
 benefit from favorable treatment.

We operate our breweries under federal licensing requirements imposed by the TTB. The TTB requires the filing of a &#8220;Brewer&#8217;s Notice&#8221; upon the establishment of a commercial brewery and the filing of an amended Brewer&#8217;s Notice any time there is a material change in the brewing or warehousing locations
 brewing or packaging equipment
 brewery ownership
 or officers or directors. Our operations are subject to audit and inspection by the TTB at any time.


Management believes that we currently have all of the licenses
 permits and approvals required for our current operations. Existing permits or licenses could be revoked if we fail to comply with the terms of such permits or licenses and additional permits or licenses may be required in the future for our current operations or as a result of expanding our operations in the future.


The U.S. federal government currently levies an excise tax of $18 per barrel on beer sold for consumption in the United States; however
 brewers that produce less than two million barrels annually are taxed at $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels shipped
 with shipments above this amount taxed at the normal rate. Certain states also levy excise taxes on alcoholic beverages. It is possible that excise taxes may be increased in the future by the federal government or any state government or both. In the past
 increases in excise taxes on alcoholic beverages have been considered in connection with various governmental budget-balancing or funding proposals.



Our brewing operations are subject to environmental regulations and local permitting requirements and agreements regarding
 among other things
 air emissions
 water discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes. While we have no reason to believe the operation of our breweries violate any such regulation or requirement
 if such a violation were to occur
 or if environmental regulations were to become more stringent in the future
 we could be adversely affected.


The serving of alcoholic beverages to a person known to be intoxicated may
 under certain circumstances
 result in the server being held liable to third parties for injuries caused by the intoxicated customer. Our restaurants and pubs have addressed this issue by maintaining reasonable hours of operation and routinely performing training for personnel.





We have obtained U.S. trademark registrations for our numerous products
 including our proprietary bottle designs. Trademark registrations generally include specific product names
The Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona Brewing
 and Omission marks and certain other marks are also registered in various foreign countries. We regard our Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona Brewing
 Omission and other trademarks as having substantial value and as being an important factor in the marketing of our products. We are not aware of any infringing uses that could materially affect our current business or any prior claim to the trademarks that would prevent us from using such trademarks in our business. Our policy is to pursue registration of our trademarks in our markets whenever possible and to oppose vigorously any infringement of our trademarks.




















At December 31
 2012
 we employed approximately 740 people
 including 345 employees in the pubs and retail stores
 205 employees in production
 140 employees in sales and marketing and 50 employees in corporate and administration. The pubs and restaurants have 220 part-time employees and 35 seasonal or temporary employees
 both of which are included in the totals above. None of our employees are represented by a union or employed under a collective bargaining agreement. We believe our relations with our employees to be good.




Our Internet address is www.craftbrew.com. There we make available
 free of charge
 our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements and any amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish them to the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;). Our SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations section of our website. The information found on our Web site is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC.















If we are unable to gauge trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner
 our sales and market share will decrease.
The costs and management attention involved in maintaining an innovative brand portfolio have been
 and are expected to continue to be
 significant. If we have not gauged consumer preferences correctly
 or are unable to maintain consistently high quality beers as we develop new brands
 our overall brand image may be damaged. If this were to occur
 our future sales
 results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected.



We compete in the highly competitive craft brewing market
 as well as in the much larger specialty beer category
 which includes the imported beer segment and fuller-flavored beers offered by major national brewers. We also face increasing competition from producers of wine
 spirits and flavored alcohol beverages offered by the larger spirit producers and national brewers. Increased competition could cause our future sales and results of operations to be adversely affected.



We rely on computer information systems in the conduct of our business. We have policies and procedures in place to protect against and reduce the occurrence of failures
 interruptions
 or breaches of security of these systems. However
 there can be no assurances that these policies and procedures will eliminate the occurrence of failures
 interruptions or breaches of security or that they will adequately restore our systems or minimize any such events. The occurrence of a failure
 interruption or breach of security of our computer information systems could result in loss of intellectual property
 delays in our production
 loss of critical information
 or other events
 any of which could harm our future sales or operating results.



Consumer demand for luxury or perceived luxury goods
 including craft beer
 can be sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. There is no assurance that the craft brewing segment will continue to experience growth in future periods. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions
 job losses and the resultant rising unemployment rate
 perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth
 and changes in consumer confidence in the economy
 could significantly reduce customer demand for craft beer in general
 and the products we offer specifically. Furthermore
 our consumers may choose to replace our products with the fuller-flavored national brands or other more affordable
 although lower quality
 alternatives available in the market. Any such decline in consumption of our products would likely have a significant negative impact on our operating results.


















If consumers were unwilling to accept our products or if general consumer trends caused a decrease in the demand for beer
 including craft beer
 it would adversely impact our sales and results of operations. If the markets for wine
 spirits or flavored alcohol beverages continue to grow
 this could draw consumers away from the beer industry in general and our products specifically and have an adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Further
 the alcoholic beverage industry has become the subject of considerable societal and political attention in recent years due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including drunk driving
 underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. As an outgrowth of these concerns
 the possibility exists that advertising by beer producers could be restricted
 that additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements might be imposed or that there may be renewed efforts to impose
 at either the federal or state level
 increased excise or other taxes on beer sold in the United States. If beer in general were to fall out of favor among domestic consumers
 or if the domestic beer industry were subjected to significant additional governmental regulation
 it would likely have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition
 operating results and cash flows.


We have a continuing relationship with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC and the current distribution network.
Substantially all of our products are sold and distributed through A-B&#8217;s distribution network. If the A-B Distributor Agreement were terminated
 we would be faced with a number of operational tasks
 including implementing an order management system
 establishing and maintaining direct contracts with the existing wholesaler network or negotiating agreements with replacement wholesalers on an individual basis
 and enhancing our credit evaluation
 billing and accounts receivable processes. Such an undertaking would require significant effort and substantial time to complete
 during which the distribution of our products could be impaired.



Although substantially all of our products are sold and distributed through A-B
 we continue to rely heavily on wholesalers
 most of which are independent
 for the sale of our products to retailers. Any disruption in the ability of the wholesalers
 A-B
 or us to distribute products efficiently due to any significant operational problems
 such as wide-spread labor union strikes or the loss of a major wholesaler as a customer
 could hinder our ability to get our products to retailers and could have a material adverse impact on our sales
 results of operations and cash flows.



The Exchange Agreement requires us to obtain A-B's consent prior to undertaking certain activities and investments. For example
 we must obtain A-B's consent before acquiring another brewer if the purchase price exceeds $30 million or to purchase a non-brewing entity if the purchase price exceeds $2 million. If A-B opposes strategic or financial investments proposed by our management
 A-B may decline to give its consent to activities or investments that our management believes are in the best interest of our shareholders.



A-B owns 32.2% of our outstanding common stock
 which makes A-B our largest shareholder. Under the Exchange Agreement
 A-B may designate two nominees to our board of directors
 who also participate on our audit
 compensation
 and nominating and governance committees as non-voting observers. This gives A-B an influential voice in board and shareholder deliberations.


















As of December 31
 2012
 the annual working capacity of our breweries was approximately 1
075
000 barrels. Due to many factors
 including seasonality and production schedules of various draft products and bottled products and packages
 actual production capacity will rarely
 if ever
 approach full working capacity. We believe that capacity utilization of the breweries will fluctuate throughout the year
 and even though we expect that capacity of our breweries will be efficiently utilized during periods when our sales are strongest
 there likely will be periods when the capacity utilization will be lower. If we experience contraction in our sales volumes
 the resulting excess capacity and unabsorbed overhead will have an adverse effect on our gross margins
 operating cash flows and overall financial performance. We periodically evaluate whether we expect to recover the costs of our production breweries over the course of their useful lives. If facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these long-lived assets may be impaired
 an evaluation of recoverability will be performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows along with other quantitative and qualitative analyses. If we determine that the carrying value of such assets does not appear to be recoverable
 we will recognize an impairment loss by a charge against current operations
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.



Approximately 60% of our sales in 2012 were in the Pacific Northwest and California and
 consequently
 our future sales may be adversely affected by changes in economic and business conditions within these areas. We also believe these regions are among the most competitive craft beer markets in the United States
 both in terms of number of market participants and consumer awareness. The Pacific Northwest and California offer significant competition to our products
 not only from other craft brewers but also from wine producers and flavored alcohol beverages.



If we lose the services of any members of senior management or key personnel for any reason
 we may be unable to replace them with qualified personnel
 which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Additionally
 the loss of Terry Michaelson as our chief executive officer
 and the failure to find a replacement satisfactory to A-B
 would be a default under the A-B Distributor Agreement.



Future gross margin may fluctuate and even decline as a result of many factors
 including: product pricing levels; sales mix between draft and bottled product sales and within the various bottled product packages; level of fixed and semi-variable operating costs; level of production at our breweries in relation to current production capacity; availability and prices of raw materials
 production inputs such as energy
 and packaging materials; rates charged for freight; and federal and state excise taxes. The high percentage of fixed and semi-variable operating costs causes our gross margin to be particularly sensitive to relatively small changes in sales volume.



The U.S. federal government currently levies an excise tax of $18 per barrel on beer sold for consumption in the United States; however
 brewers that produce less than two million barrels annually are taxed at $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels shipped
 with the remainder of the shipments taxed at the normal rate. Individual states that we operate in also impose excise taxes on beer and other alcohol beverages in varying amounts
 which have been subject to change. Federal and state legislators routinely consider various proposals to impose additional excise taxes on the production of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. Any such increases in excise taxes
 if enacted
 would adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows.



Federal
 state and local laws and regulations govern the production and distribution of beer
 including permitting
 licensing
 trade practices
 labeling
 advertising and marketing
 distributor relationships and various other matters. A variety of federal
 state and local governmental authorities also levy various taxes
 license fees and other similar charges and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Certain actions undertaken by us may cause the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau or any particular state or jurisdiction to revoke its license or permit
 restricting our ability to conduct business. One or more regulatory authorities could determine that we have not complied with applicable licensing or permitting regulations or have not maintained the approvals necessary for us to conduct business within our jurisdiction. If licenses
 permits or approvals necessary for our brewery or pub operations were unavailable or unduly delayed
 or if any permits or licenses that we hold were to be revoked
 our ability to conduct business may be disrupted
 which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows.

















The craft beer business is seasonal in nature
 and we are likely to experience fluctuations in results of operations and financial condition.
Sales of craft beer products are somewhat seasonal
 with the first and fourth quarters historically being lower and the rest of the year generating stronger sales. Our sales volume may also be affected by weather conditions and selling days within a particular period. Therefore
 the results for any given quarter will likely not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. If an adverse event such as a regional economic downturn or poor weather conditions should occur during the second and third quarters
 the adverse impact to our revenues would likely be greater as a result of the seasonal business.






We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us as well as leased from a third-party vendor
 and
 on a limited basis
 from A-B. During periods when we experience stronger sales
 we may need to rely on kegs leased from A-B and the third-party vendor to address the additional demand. If shipments of draft beer increase
 we may experience a shortage of available kegs to fill sales orders. If we cannot meet our keg requirements through either lease or purchase
 we may be required to delay some draft shipments. Such delays could have an adverse impact on sales and relationships with wholesalers and A-B. We may also decide to pursue other alternatives for leasing or purchasing kegs
 but there is no assurance that we will be successful in securing additional kegs.



The founders of Widmer Brothers Brewing Company
 Kurt R. Widmer (&#8220;Kurt&#8221;) and Robert P. Widmer (&#8220;Rob&#8221;)
 are integral to our current Widmer Brothers brand family messaging and we rely on the positive public perception of their images
 as founders. The role of Kurt
 as founder and chairman of the board
 and Rob
 as founder and vice president of corporate quality assurance and industry relations
 are emphasized as part of our Widmer Brothers brand communication and have appeal to some drinkers. If Kurt or Rob were not willing or able to continue in their active roles
 their absence could detrimentally affect the strength of our messaging and
 accordingly
 our growth prospects. If this were to occur
 we would need to adapt our strategy for communicating key messages that currently include their images. Any such change in our messaging strategy might have a detrimental impact on our future growth.


We are dependent on certain suppliers for key raw materials
 packaging materials and production inputs.
Although we seek to maintain back-up and alternative suppliers for all key raw materials and production inputs
 we are reliant on certain third parties for key raw materials
 packaging materials and utilities. Any disruption in the willingness or ability of these third parties to supply these critical components could hinder our ability to continue production of our products
 which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows.


















As noted above
 A-B has a significant ownership stake in us. In addition
 the founders of Widmer Brothers Brewing Company (&#8220;WBBC&#8221;) and their close family members own approximately 3.3 million shares
 or 17.4%
 of our common stock. Collectively
 these two groups own 49.6% of our equity. All of these shares are available for sale in the public market
 subject to volume
 manner of sale and other limitations under Rule 144 in the case of shares held by shareholders who are affiliates of us. Such sales in the public market or the perception that such sales could occur may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.


We do not intend to pay and are limited in our ability to declare or pay dividends; accordingly
 shareholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment in us.
We do not anticipate paying cash dividends. Further
 under our loan agreement with Bank of America (&#8220;BofA&#8221;)
 we are not permitted to declare or pay a dividend without BofA&#8217;s prior consent. As a result
 only appreciation of the price of our common stock will provide a return to shareholders. Investors seeking cash dividends should not invest in our common stock.


The fair value of our intangible assets
 including goodwill
 may become impaired.
As a result of the KBC Merger
 we have recognized a significant increase in our total intangible assets
 including goodwill. As of December 31
 2012
 we had $29.9 million in an assortment of intangible assets
 on a net basis
 which represented nearly 18% of our total assets. If any circumstances were to occur
 such as economic recession or other factors causing a reduction in consumer demand
 or for any other reason we were to experience a significant decrease in sales growth
 which had a negative impact on our estimated cash flows associated with these assets
 our analyses of these assets may conclude that a decrease in the fair value of these assets occurred. If this were to occur
 we would be required to recognize a potentially significant loss on impairment of these assets. Any such impairment loss would be charged against current operations in the period of change.






























We own and operate four highly-automated
 small-batch breweries: the Hawaiian Brewery
 the New Hampshire Brewery
 the Oregon Brewery and the Washington Brewery
 as well as a small
 pilot brewing system at the Rose Quarter Brewery in Portland
 Oregon. We lease the sites upon which the Hawaiian Brewery and Pubs
 the New Hampshire Brewery and Pub
 the Rose Quarter Brewery
 and Oregon Pub are located
 in addition to our office space and warehouse locations in Portland
 Oregon for our corporate
 administrative and sales functions. These operating leases expire at various times between 2013 and 2047. Certain of these leases are with related parties. See Notes 18 and 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this report for further discussion regarding these arrangements.




















































185
000

















128
000

















125
000

















11
000

















1
075



1
220





As a result of adding fermentation capacity and modifying our brewing schedules during 2012
 the total annual capacity of all our breweries was approximately 1
075
000 barrels as of December 31
 2012. Combined
 our breweries have the potential to reach 1
220
000 barrels in annual capacity when fully optimized based on the currently available space and current product mix.

















Substantially all of the personal property and the real properties associated with the Oregon Brewery and the Washington Brewery secure our loan agreement with BofA. See Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this report.














We are involved
 from time to time
 in claims
 proceedings and litigation arising in the normal course of business. We believe that
 to the extent that any pending or threatened litigation involving us or our properties exists
 such litigation will not likely have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.



























Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 





Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Stock Market (&#8220;NASDAQ&#8221;) under the trading symbol BREW. The table below sets forth
 for the fiscal quarters indicated
 the reported high and low sale prices of our common stock
 as reported on the NASDAQ:













































































































































We had 18
887
323 common shareholders of record as of February 26
 2013.

We have not declared or paid any dividends during our existence. Under the terms of our loan agreement with BofA
 we may not declare or pay dividends without BofA&#8217;s consent. We anticipate that
 for the foreseeable future
 all earnings will be retained for the operation and expansion of our business and that we will not pay cash dividends. The payment of dividends
 if any
 in the future
 will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 future earnings
 capital and operating requirements
 restrictions in future financing agreements
 our general financial condition and general business conditions.






























The following line-graph presentation compares cumulative five-year shareholder returns on an indexed basis
 assuming a $100 initial investment and reinvestment of dividends
 of (a) Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 (b) a broad-based equity market index and (c) an industry-specific index. The broad-based market index used is the NASDAQ Composite Index and the industry-specific index used is the S&amp;P 500 Beverages Index.



































































Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
























































































































In thousands





Year Ended December 31






































169
287



149
197



131
731



124
713



79
761







119
261



104
011



98
064



97
230



65
646







50
026



45
186



33
667



27
483



14
115



Selling
 general and administrative expenses



44
890



39
742



29
938



24
911



19
894























30
589







5
136



5
444



3
170



2
347



(36
761



Gain on sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC







10
432



















4
477



15
692



2
786



1
073



(37
655







1
951



6
041



1
100







(4
377







2
526



9
651



1
686







(33
278











































































18
862



18
834



17
523



17
004



12
660







18
934



18
931



17
568



17
041



12
660











December 31























































5
013























5
207



2
327



(4
435



(2
527











165
664



158
908



158
266



141
585



147
805















2
460



1
481



1
394



Long-term debt and capital leases
 net of current portion



12
440



13
188



24
675



24
685



31
834







17
903



16
261



11
388



8
210



8
082







108
195



104
509



94
196



80
632



79
281












The increase in net sales in 2009 compared to 2008 was primarily due to the merger with Widmer Brothers Brewing Company
 which occurred July 1
 2008.










Loss on impairment of assets in 2008 included a $22.7 million charge for total impairment of goodwill
 a $6.5 million charge for the partial write-down of trademarks associated with the Widmer brand and a $1.4 million charge for the partial write down of equity-method investments.
















































Redhook Ale Brewery founded by Gordon Bowker and Paul Shipman in 1981 in Seattle
 Washington;













Widmer Brothers Brewing founded by brothers Kurt and Rob Widmer in 1984 in Portland
 Oregon;













Kona Brewing Co. founded by father and son team Cameron Healy and Spoon Khalsa in 1994 in Kona
 Hawaii; and













Omission Beer internally developed by our brewing team in 2012 in Portland
 Oregon.





Since our formation
 we have focused our business activities on satisfying consumers through the brewing
 marketing and selling of high-quality craft beers in the United States. Today
 as an independent craft brewer
 we possess several distinct advantages
 unique in the craft beer category. These advantages derive from the combination of our innovative quality craft beers; the strength of our distinct
 authentic brand portfolio; our seamless national distribution and national sales and marketing reach; our financial capabilities as a public company; our owned brew pubs; and our bi-coastal breweries.


We proudly brew our craft beers in four company-owned breweries including three mainland breweries located in Portsmouth
 New Hampshire; Portland
 Oregon; and the Seattle suburb of Woodinville
 Washington; and one Hawaii brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. We also own and operate a small pilot brewery
 primarily used for small batch production and innovative brews
 at the Rose Quarter sports arena in Portland
 Oregon.


We distribute our beers to retailers through independent wholesalers that are aligned with the Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;) network. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B. Our agreement with A-B initially allowed us to establish relationships nationwide with these wholesalers. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. Redhook and Widmer Brothers beers are distributed in all 50 states and Kona beers are distributed in 31 states. Omission Beer recently became available nationally and we continue to expand into new markets in both the U.S. and internationally. Separate from our A-B wholesalers
 we maintain an independent sales and marketing organization complete with resources across the key functions of brand management
 field marketing
 field sales
 and national retail sales.


We operate in two segments: Beer Related operations and Pubs. Beer Related operations include the brewing and sale of craft beers from our five breweries
 both domestically and internationally. Pubs operations primarily include our five pubs
 four of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations
 other merchandise sales
 and sales of our beers directly to customers.



































724
900














672
600














607
800





The comparability of our results is impacted by the merger with Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc. (&#8220;KBC&#8221;)
 which closed October 1
 2010 (the &#8220;KBC Merger&#8221;)
 and by the sale of our equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC (&#8220;FSB&#8221;) during the second quarter of 2011. See Notes 7 and 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more detailed information.




















The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 certain information from our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of net sales








Year Ended December 31






































































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses































































































Interest and other income
 net





































































Net sales
 gross profit and gross margin information by segment was as follows (dollars in thousands):








Year Ended December 31





























145
670



23
617



169
287







46
341



3
685



50
026










































127
376



21
821



149
197







41
626



3
560



45
186










































119
389



12
342



131
731







31
797



1
870



33
667















































Year Ended December 31









































147
628



130
137



17
491











10
773



9
042



1
731











(12
731



(11
803















145
670



127
376



18
294











23
617



21
821



1
796











169
287



149
197



20
090















Year Ended December 31









































130
137



114
231



15
906











9
042



4
433



4
609











(11
803



(9
121



(2
682











127
376



109
543



17
833











21
821



12
342



9
479















9
846



(9
846











149
197



131
731



17
466
















































December 31



































660
000



611
200



48
800















52
700



51
300



1
400















12
200



10
100



2
100















724
900



672
600



52
300


















December 31



































611
200



574
900



36
300















51
300



23
200



28
100















10
100



9
700



















672
600



607
800



64
800







































The increase in sales to A-B and A-B related in 2012 compared to 2011 was primarily due to increased volume
 higher selling prices for our beers
 and a shift in product mix towards bottle and high-end product
 both of which carry a higher price per unit than draft. Gross sales in 2012 was also favorably impacted by a decrease in the per barrel fee associated with sales to A-B as a result of an amendment to our A-B Distributor Agreement in May 2011. This lower fee level for the period of January 2012 through April 2012 generated approximate savings of $1.2 million as compared to the same period in 2011.


The increase in sales to A-B and A-B related in 2011 compared to 2010 was primarily due to an increase in volume
 higher selling prices for our beers and a shift in product mix towards bottle and high-end product. Gross sales were also favorably impacted by a decrease in the per barrel fee associated with sales to A-B as a result of amendments to our A-B Distributor Agreement
 which is netted against revenue. Our savings from both the 2010 and 2011 amendments to the A-B Distributor Agreement totaled approximately $3.9 million for 2011.

















We estimate that
 had the modification to the A-B Distributor Agreement been in place throughout 2010
 the increase in 2010 sales resulting from the reduced distribution fees would have been approximately $3.3 million. The amount of increase in sales realized for future periods may differ from this estimate due to the level
 timing and geographic distribution of our shipments to A-B.


Exclusive of the impact of the favorable change in our per barrel margin fee
 the average revenue per barrel on shipments of beer through the A-B distribution network increased by 4.2% in 2012 compared to 2011 and 4.7% in 2011 compared to 2010
 primarily due to pricing increases and a shift in product mix towards both bottle and high-end product as mentioned above. Price changes implemented by us have generally followed craft beer market pricing trends. During 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we sold 91.0%
 90.9% and 94.6%
 respectively
 of our beer through A-B at wholesale pricing levels.


The increase in contract brewing and beer related sales in 2012 compared to 2011 was due to an increase in shipments under the arrangement with FSB. Effective September 1
 2012
 in the best interest of both parties
 we mutually agreed with FSB to end our contract brewing arrangement. Under the termination agreement
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers by the end of November 2012 utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB will pay us $70
000 per month through September 2013. We recorded $838
000 in Sales during the period from September 1
 2012 to December 31
 2012 under the terms of the termination agreement.


The increase in contract brewing and beer related sales in 2011 compared to 2010 was primarily due to an increase in shipments under an existing third-party contract and the contribution of shipments under a contract brewing arrangement with FSB
 which was entered into in the first quarter of 2011.


Sales to FSB through the contract brewing arrangement
 classified in Sales
 were as follows (dollars in thousands):





Year Ended December 31




















3
083



2
863









The overall increase in volume in 2012 compared to 2011 was primarily driven by our increased sales and marketing efforts
 timing of programs and new brand and package introductions
 partially offset by a decline in our event volume
 which is included in Pubs.





The increase in excise taxes in 2011 compared to 2010 was driven by three factors: i) increases in shipments; ii) the addition of excise taxes relating to shipments of Kona beers that were previously recognized by Kona prior to the KBC Merger; and iii) a marginal tax rate increase after the KBC Merger as the combined companies are eligible for only a single excise tax exemption. Also contributing to the increase was an increase in the marginal tax rate for beer produced in Washington state
 which became effective in the second half of 2010.


Pubs sales increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to increased guest counts and pricing in certain markets. The increase was also attributable to an increase in the number of barrels sold
 primarily as a result of the increase in guest counts.





Prior to the KBC Merger
 we earned revenue in connection with an alternating proprietorship agreement with Kona
 including fees for leasing the Oregon Brewery and sales of raw materials. Subsequent to the KBC Merger
 any such intercompany activities are eliminated
 including the revenues associated with the alternating proprietorship agreement.


























Year Ended December 31






































264
300



271
200



(6
900















220
000



172
800



47
200















191
000



179
300



11
700















675
300



623
300



52
000

















Year Ended December 31






































271
200



277
200



(6
000















172
800



133
400



39
400















179
300



174
100



5
200















623
300



584
700



38
600





























The decrease in our Widmer Brothers brand shipments in 2012 compared to 2011 was primarily due to pressure on our Hefeweizen beer which is experiencing competition from large
 multi-national wheat beer competitors
 particularly in draft in California. Partially offsetting this decrease was the positive effect of our focus on the core Widmer Brothers brands including our Rotator IPAs and seasonals
 and our high-end offerings
 which is fueling broader consumer awareness of the overall Widmer Brothers brand.





Kona continues to be one of the fastest growing brands in the craft category
 as seen in the increase in shipments in 2012 compared to 2011 and 2011 compared to 2010. We believe this sales growth is due to the Always Aloha message and quality of the beer resonating with consumers.


The increase in our Kona brand shipments in 2012 compared to 2011 was also due to the success of our Kona variety packs and the increased velocity of our Kona flagship
 Longboard Lager
 in existing markets. During the third quarter of 2012
 we launched our Big Wave Golden Ale
 previously available only in Hawaii
 on the mainland. We continue to successfully introduce our Kona beers to new markets
 which has been contributing to the brand&#8217;s shipment growth. The introduction of our Kona beer in cans in March 2012 also contributed to the increase.


The increase in our Redhook brand shipments in 2012 compared to 2011 and in 2011 compared to 2010 were the result of our investments in new packaging
 brand introductions and marketing initiatives. These investments have resulted in the unique Redhook brand position
 which we believe is resonating with consumers.


















 excluding private label shipments produced under our contract brewing arrangements (in barrels):
























December 31






































214
800







219
400







227
100











460
500







403
900







357
600











675
300







623
300







584
700









The shift in package mix from draft to bottle in both 2012 compared to 2011 and in 2011 compared to 2010 was primarily the result of the increase in volumes on our Kona bottle beer and lower volumes on our Hefeweizen draft beer. There is also increased general competition across the industry for on-premise draft sales as the large
 multi-national brewers enter the craft beer segment.



Cost of sales includes purchased raw materials
 direct labor
 overhead and shipping costs.










Year Ended December 31







































99
329



85
750



13
579











19
932



18
261



1
671











119
261



104
011



15
250















Year Ended December 31







































85
750



87
592



(1
842











18
261



10
472



7
789











104
011



98
064



5
947









The increase in Beer Related Cost of sales in 2012 compared to 2011 was due to the increase in shipments discussed above
 as well as the mix shift from draft to bottle as the per barrel equivalent cost of bottle is more than draft. In addition
 increased distribution costs
 including offsite storage and fuel
 increased labor
 and higher grain prices
 contributed to the increase.


The decrease in Beer Related Cost of sales in 2011 compared to 2010 was primarily due to the elimination of costs associated with our Kona operations prior to the KBC Merger
 including elimination of all alternating proprietorship related costs
 and improved performance and quality trends in 2011. This was partially offset by the increase in shipments discussed above
 including the mix shift from draft to bottle
 as well as increased shipping costs due to fuel surcharges.


The increase in Pubs Cost of sales in 2012 compared to 2011 was primarily due to the increase in guest counts noted above
 as well as increased labor
 food and beverage costs in certain markets.































Year Ended December 31







































46
341



41
626



4
715











3
685



3
560















50
026



45
186



4
840















Year Ended December 31







































41
626



31
797



9
829











3
560



1
870



1
690











45
186



33
667



11
519









Gross profit as a percentage of net sales
 or gross margin rate
 was as follows:








Year Ended December 31








































































The increase in Gross profit in 2012 compared to 2011 was due to increases in shipment volumes discussed above
 partially offset by declines in overall gross margin rates. The decline in the beer related gross margin rate was primarily due to the higher brewery variable costs on a per barrel basis. The decline was partially offset by better fixed cost coverage
 a shift in mix to our higher-end beers and the $838
000 recorded in Sales under the terms of the termination agreement with FSB with no associated costs. The increase in Pubs Gross profit in 2012 compared to 2011 was primarily due to increases in guest counts and pricing
 partially offset by increases in labor
 food and beverage costs
 which contributed to the lower gross margin rate.


The increases in gross profit in 2011 compared to 2010 were primarily due to the improvements in gross margin rate and the increases in sales discussed above
 which included the reduction in A-B fees. The improvements in gross margin rate were primarily due to an improved cost structure related to our Kona operations following the KBC Merger
 which included elimination of the alternating proprietorship revenue and cost of sales
 improved brewery performance and quality trends
 increased capacity utilization and a shift in mix to our higher-end beer products. These improvements were partially offset by the mix shift from draft to bottle sales as the barrel equivalent of bottle gross profit is lower than draft
 as well as an increased cost of shipping as a result of fuel surcharges.











Year Ended December 31








































During the second quarter of 2012
 we added additional fermentation vessels to our breweries
 which increased the combined capacity of our production breweries from approximately 900
000 barrels per year to approximately 1
075
000 barrels per year as of December 31
 2012.


Our contract brewing agreement with FSB
 which was entered into during the first quarter of 2011
 contributed to the improvement in capacity utilization in 2011 compared to 2010.

















Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
Selling
 general and administrative expenses (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) include compensation and related expenses for our sales and marketing activities
 management
 legal and other professional and administrative support functions.










Year Ended December 31





































44
890



39
742



5
148



































Year Ended December 31





































39
742



29
938



9
804
































The increase in SG&amp;A and SG&amp;A as a percentage of Net sales in 2011 compared to 2010 was primarily due to an increase in sales and marketing costs
 principally comprised of labor costs related to our national sales organization
 packaging design and development
 promotions and sponsorship activity
 point of sale and related trade merchandise
 and brand platform enhancements. Administrative costs associated with the operations acquired with the KBC Merger in October 2010 also contributed to the increase.



Income from equity method investments included our share of FSB&#8217;s net income through the date of sale in May 2011 and our share of Kona&#8217;s net income through the date of the KBC Merger in October 2010. Since completion of the KBC Merger
 Kona&#8217;s operating results have been included in our consolidated operating results.











Year Ended December 31










































































Our pre-tax gain on the sale of FSB in 2011 totaled $10.4 million
 which resulted from proceeds of $16.3 million less the investment in FSB of $5.9 million.




























Year Ended December 31

































































































1
497



















Year Ended December 31




























13
436



20
163



24
236
























 exclusive of our interest rate swap. The decreases in average outstanding borrowings were primarily the result of using a portion of the proceeds from the sale of FSB in May 2011 to repay the $8.8 million outstanding on our line of credit and $4.2 million outstanding related to capital leases.


The decrease in interest expense in 2011 compared to 2010 was due to the expiration of a non-qualifying interest rate swap in the fourth quarter of 2010 and lower average outstanding borrowings. The increase in the average interest rate on outstanding borrowings was due to the reduction in the outstanding balance on lower interest rate debt during 2011
 partially offset by modifications we negotiated with our primary lender in the latter part of 2010 as a result of our improved financial condition. The decrease in average outstanding borrowings was primarily the result of using a portion of the proceeds from the sale of FSB to repay the $7.5 million outstanding on our line of credit.



Our effective income tax rate was 43.6%
 38.5% and 39.5% in 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. The effective income tax rates reflect the impact of non-deductible expenses
 primarily meals and entertainment
 and state and local taxes and tax credits. The rate in 2012 reflects the impact of increasing the tax rate applied against the net deferred tax liability due to the State of California changing income apportionment rules to a single sales factor methodology effective January 1
 2013. This one-time adjustment resulted in a 3.4 percentage point increase to our 2012 effective income tax rate
 or $153
000 of our Income tax provision.


The rate in 2010 also reflects non-deductible merger-related expenses and a $100
000 reduction to our valuation allowance during the second quarter of 2010. We made this reduction
 eliminating the valuation allowance
 due to the cumulative earnings generated and other evidence available to us regarding the potential of fully utilizing our outstanding net operating loss carryforwards.





We have required capital primarily for the construction and development of our production breweries
 to support our expansion and growth plans and to fund our working capital needs. Historically
 we have financed our capital requirements through cash flow from operations
 bank borrowings and the sale of common and preferred stock. We anticipate meeting our obligations for the twelve months beginning January 1
 2013 primarily from cash flows generated from operations. In addition
 we may borrow under our line of credit facility as the need arises. Capital resources available to us at December 31
 2012 included $5.0 million of Cash and $22.0 million available under our line of credit facility.


We had $5.0 million of Cash and $5.2 million of working capital at December 31
 2012. Our debt as a percentage of total capitalization (total debt and common shareholders&#8217; equity) was 10.8% at December 31
 2012.


























Year Ended December 31


























13
105



6
728



10
798







(8
683



7
131



(10
313











(13
228











4
218













Cash provided by operating activities of $13.1 million in 2012 resulted from our Net income of $2.5 million
 net non-cash expense of $8.7 million and changes in our operating assets and liabilities as discussed in more detail below.


Accounts receivable
 net
 decreased $2.8 million to $10.5 million at December 31
 2012 compared to $13.3 million at December 31
 2011. This decrease was primarily due to a $1.9 million decrease in our receivable from A-B
 which totaled $6.4 million at December 31
 2012. Historically
 we have not had collection problems related to our accounts receivable.


Inventories increased $2.3 million to $11.7 million at December 31
 2012 compared to $9.4 million at December 31
 2011
 primarily to support an increase in shipment volume.


Accounts payable increased $1.3 million to $12.3 million at December 31
 2012 compared to $11.0 million at December 31
 2011
 primarily due to increased inventory purchases to support our increased level of sales
 partially offset by a $53
000 decrease in the portion of our payable to A-B that is included in Accounts payable
 which totaled $1.4 million at December 31
 2012.


As of December 31
 2012
 we had state net operating loss carryforwards (&#8220;NOLs&#8221;) available to offset payment of future income taxes of $73
000
 tax-effected; and we had no federal NOLs remaining. We also had $609
000 in federal alternative minimum tax (&#8220;AMT&#8221;) credit carry forwards and federal insurance contributions act (&#8220;FICA&#8221;) credit carryforwards of $29
000 tax-effected.


We anticipate that we will utilize the remaining state NOLs and federal credit carry forwards in the near future and
 accordingly
 once utilized
 we will be required to satisfy all of our income tax obligations with cash.


Capital expenditures of $9.1 million in 2012 were primarily for capacity
 efficiency and cooperage purposes. For 2013
 we anticipate capital expenditures of approximately $11 million to $13 million primarily for capacity and efficiency improvements
 quality initiatives and restaurant and retail.


We have a loan agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with BofA
 which is presently comprised of a $22.0 million revolving line of credit (&#8220;Line of Credit&#8221;)
 including provisions for cash borrowings and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
 and a $11.8 million term loan (&#8220;Term Loan&#8221;). We may draw upon the Line of Credit for working capital and general corporate purposes. At December 31
 2012
 we had no borrowings outstanding under the Line of Credit and we were in compliance with the financial covenants associated with the Loan Agreement.





















The following is a summary of our contractual commitments and obligations as of December 31
 2012 (in thousands):


















































11
822







1
002



1
137



9
227































































































































16
741



1
303



1
989



1
625



11
824































20
758



16
331



3
810















3
989



2
241



1
579





































55
545



21
007



9
631



3
791



21
116












The variable interest rate on our term loan was 1.21% at December 31
 2012.










The fixed rate on our interest rate swap is 4.48%. We pay that fixed rate less the Benchmark Rate
 which
 at December 31
 2012
 was 0.21%.





See Notes 10
 11 and 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information.





We believe that the impact of inflation was minimal on our business in 2012
 2011 and 2010.





Our financial statements are based upon the selection and application of significant accounting policies that require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of these policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Our estimates are based upon historical experience
 market trends and financial forecasts and projections
 and upon various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances at various points in time. Actual results may differ
 potentially significantly
 from these estimates.



Goodwill is recorded when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. All goodwill has been allocated to our Beer Related reporting unit based on the relative fair value of the future benefit of the purchased and existing operations. Reporting units may be operating segments as a whole or an operation one level below an operating segment
 referred to as a component. Our reporting units are consistent with the operating segments identified in &#8220;Note 13. Segment Results and Concentrations&#8221; in Part II
 Item 8 of this Form 10-K.


We perform an annual impairment assessment as of December 31 of each year
 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist
 to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit in which goodwill resides is less than its carrying value. For reporting units in which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than its carrying value
 goodwill is not considered impaired and we are not required to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. Qualitative factors considered in this assessment include
 but are not limited to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry conditions
 the competitive environment
 changes in the market for our products and services
 regulatory and political developments
 and entity specific factors such as strategies and financial performance. We are not required to perform a qualitative assessment for our annual impairment test and may instead bypass the qualitative assessment and perform the two-step goodwill impairment test.

















For reporting units in which the impairment assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying value
 we perform the first step of the goodwill impairment test
 which compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value
 the second step includes determining the implied fair value of goodwill
 which is then compared with the carrying amount to determine if an impairment loss is recorded. We use a combination of valuation methods
 market capitalization and income approach
 to estimate the fair value of the reporting units.


The significant estimates and assumptions used by management in assessing the recoverability of goodwill are estimated future cash flows
 present value discount rate
 estimated growth of the overall craft beer segment
 and other factors. If our estimated future cash flows were to significantly decline
 an impairment charge could result. The estimates of future cash flows
 based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections
 require management&#8217;s subjective judgment.



We review indefinite-lived intangible assets
 primarily comprised of our trademarks
 domain name and recipes
 for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. For indefinite-lived intangible assets that we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than its carrying value
 no further testing is required. For those for which we do not conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than the carrying value
 we test the asset for recoverability. Recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future discounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. If it is determined that an individual asset is impaired
 the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset.


The assumptions and estimates used to determine future values and remaining useful lives of our intangibles are complex and subjective. They can be affected by various factors
 including external factors such as industry and economic trends
 and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our forecasts for specific product lines.



We evaluate potential impairment of our long-lived assets
 including our distributor agreements
 non-compete agreements and other intangible assets
 when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such long-lived assets may be impaired. In such cases
 an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the projected future undiscounted cash flows and by preparing other quantitative and qualitative analyses. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss during the current period. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2012
 2011 or 2010.



















We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us
 as well as in kegs that have been leased from third parties. Kegs that are owned by us are reflected as a component of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 regardless of whether the keg is owned or leased
 we collect a refundable deposit
 reflected as a current liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. When a wholesaler cannot account for some of our kegs for which it is responsible
 it pays us a fixed fee and forfeits its deposit for each keg determined to be lost. We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the similarities between kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively low deposit collected on each keg when compared with the market value of the keg. We believe that this is an industry-wide issue and our loss experience is typical of the industry. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 A-B records
 other third-party records
 and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B.






We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
 when the products are delivered to the member. A member of the A-B wholesale distributor network may be a branch of A-B or an independent wholesale distributor.









Deferred tax assets arise from the tax benefit of amounts expensed for financial reporting purposes but not yet deducted for tax purposes and from unutilized tax credits and net operating loss carry forwards. We evaluate our deferred tax assets on a regular basis to determine if a valuation allowance is required. To the extent it is determined the recoverability of the deferred tax assets is not more likely than not
 we will record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. If we are unable to generate adequate taxable income in future periods or our assessment that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will be realized is otherwise not accurate
 we may incur charges in future periods to record a valuation allowance on our gross deferred tax assets.





We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenue or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources.





See Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this Form 10-K.































We have assessed our vulnerability to certain market risks
 including interest rate risk associated with financial instruments included in cash and long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 we entered into a five-year interest rate swap agreement
 which expires July 1
 2013
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings. Through this swap agreement
 we pay interest at a fixed rate of 4.48% and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
 which was 0.21% at December 31
 2012. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 it qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. This interest rate swap reduces our overall interest rate risk. We did not have any unhedged variable rate debt outstanding at December 31
 2012.


Due to the nature of our highly liquid cash
 an increase or decrease in interest rates would not materially affect the fair value of our cash or the related interest income.














Unaudited quarterly financial data for each of the eight quarters in the two-year period ended December 31
 2012 is as follows:






 (In thousands
 except per share data)



























38
499



44
264



44
588



41
936







26
792



30
926



30
964



30
579







11
707



13
338



13
624



11
357



Selling
 general and administrative expenses



10
373



12
222



11
907



10
388







1
334



1
116



1
717







Other expense
 net























1
173







1
562

























































































18
845



18
857



18
872



18
874







18
911



18
931



18
954



18
940









 (In thousands
 except per share data)



























32
297



41
496



40
477



34
927







23
069



28
038



27
762



25
142







9
228



13
458



12
715



9
785



Selling
 general and administrative expenses



9
289



10
670



10
530



9
253











2
788



2
185



























Gain on sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC







10
398











Other expense
 net



























13
268



2
002















5
108



















8
160



1
231

















































18
819



18
829



18
843



18
845







18
928



18
945



18
935



18
942























Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2012. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2012
 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.


We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 12
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.












Seattle
 Washington



March 12
 2013




















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.

(Dollars in thousands
 except per share amounts)







December 31

















































5
013







Accounts receivable
 net



10
512



13
326







11
749



9
446



Deferred income tax asset
 net



1
250











3
809



2
816







32
333



27
277













Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net



102
852



100
725







12
917



12
917



Intangible and other assets
 net



17
562



17
989







165
664



158
908









































12
255



10
994



Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes



5
267



4
524







7
896



7
400







1
066



1
436



















27
126



24
950













Long-term debt and capital lease obligations
 net of current portion



12
440



13
188















Deferred income tax liability
 net



17
156



15
210



















57
469



54
399















































Common stock
 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 18
874
256 and 18
844
817















136
030



135
091



















(27
794



(30
320







108
195



104
509







165
664



158
908






















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.

(In thousands
 except per share amounts)






Year Ended December 31















































182
018



161
000



140
852







12
731



11
803



9
121







169
287



149
197



131
731







119
261



104
011



98
064







50
026



45
186



33
667



Selling
 general and administrative expenses



44
890



39
742



29
938























5
136



5
444



3
170



















Gain on sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC







10
432



















(1
497



Interest and other income
 net



















4
477



15
692



2
786







1
951



6
041



1
100







2
526



9
651



1
686



















































18
862



18
834



17
523





















18
934



18
931



17
568





















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.








Year Ended December 31















































2
526



9
651



1
686




Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative hedge transactions
 




















2
747



9
823



1
636





















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.




















































































































Balance at December 31
 2009



17
074







122
682







(41
657



80
632



























































Issuance of shares pursuant to merger with Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc.



1
667







11
694











11
702



Unrealized losses on derivative financial instruments
 net of tax benefit of $31















































1
686



1
686



Balance at December 31
 2010



18
819







134
601







(39
971



94
196



























































Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments
 net of tax provision of $105















































9
651



9
651



Balance at December 31
 2011



18
845







135
091







(30
320



104
509























































































Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments
 net of tax provision of $132















































2
526



2
526



Balance at December 31
 2012



18
874







136
030







(27
794



108
195





















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.








Year Ended December 31

















































2
526



9
651



1
686























7
369



7
204



7
044



Income from equity method investments
 net of distributions received















Gain on sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC







(10
432







(Gain) loss on sale or disposal of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



















1
458



5
025



1
082



































































Accounts receivable
 net



2
396



(1
976



2
017







(1
855







1
445







































1
269



(2
773



(1
353



Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes











(1
230























13
105



6
728



10
798

































Expenditures for property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



(9
138



(8
488



(4
669



Proceeds from sale of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements















Cash paid for merger with Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc. and related entities
 net











(6
206



















Proceeds from the sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC







15
527



























(8
683



7
131



(10
313









































(5
751



(1
505











(7
500



1
100



























































(13
228

























4
218





























































5
013



































































1
625



Cash paid for income taxes
 net













































Fair value of common stock issued in connection with acquisition of Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc. and related entities











11
702



Receivable from sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC



































 INC.







Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. was formed in 1981 to brew and sell craft beer. We produce
 sell and market on a national basis innovative bottled and draft products for the Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona and Omission brands at our five company-owned breweries and operate five pubs that promote our products
 offer dining and entertainment facilities and sell retail merchandise. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol &#8220;BREW.&#8221;


Our products are distributed domestically in all 50 states. This national footprint was established primarily through a series of distribution agreements with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;)
 a significant shareholder. In 2004
 we and A-B entered into three agreements
 an exchange and recapitalization agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;)
 a master distributor agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) and a registration rights agreement that collectively constitute the framework of our existing relationship with A-B.


Under the present terms of the A-B Distributor Agreement
 we distribute our products in substantially all of our markets through A-B&#8217;s seamless national wholesale distributor network. Our agreement with A-B initially allowed us to establish relationships nationwide with these wholesalers. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. A-B&#8217;s domestic wholesaler network consists primarily of independent wholesalers
 together with owned branches. The A-B Distributor Agreement is subject to early termination by either party upon the occurrence of certain events. The A-B Distributor Agreement expires December 31
 2018
 but may be renewed automatically for an additional ten-year period unless A-B provides written notice to the contrary on or prior to June 30
 2018.



The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation.






We maintain cash balances with financial institutions that may exceed federally insured limits. We did not have any cash equivalents at December 31
 2012 or 2011.



Accounts receivable is comprised primarily of trade receivables due from wholesalers and A-B for beer and promotional product sales. Because of state liquor laws and each wholesaler&#8217;s agreement with A-B
 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31
 2012 and 2011.


Activity related to our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial in 2012
 2011 and 2010.



Inventories
 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
 beverages and supplies are stated at the lower of cost or market.


We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&#8217;s carrying value
 we reduce

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.






Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost reduced by proceeds received under applicable cash grants
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Income.


Depreciation and amortization of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:




















Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment























We evaluate potential impairment of long-lived assets
 including definite-lived intangible assets
 when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows in addition to other quantitative and qualitative analyses. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2012
 2011 or 2010.


























We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. All of our goodwill has been allocated to our Beer Related reporting unit based on the relative fair value of the future benefit of the purchased and existing operations. We test goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds fair value
 then the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. We conduct our annual impairment test as of December 31 of each year and have determined there to be no impairment for any of the periods presented.



Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired
 by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value measured by using discounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. We have determined there to be no impairment for any of the periods presented.



We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us as well as in kegs that have been leased from third parties. Kegs that are owned by us are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 regardless of whether the keg is owned or leased
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. See discussion at Note 19
 &#8220;Related-Party Transactions&#8221; for impact of lost kegs on our brewery equipment.

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.



We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A-B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $7.6 million and $7.1 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and $5.8 million and $5.1 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation.



Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of trade accounts receivable. While wholesalers and A-B account for substantially all trade accounts receivable
 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers
 their geographic dispersion and state laws regulating the financial affairs of wholesalers of alcoholic beverages.







We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
 when the products are delivered to the member. A member of the A-B wholesale distributor network may be a branch of A-B or an independent wholesale distributor.









The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes.







Advertising costs
 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $12.4 million
 $11.9 million and $9.5 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.



Advertising expenses are included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses and frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Pricing discounts to wholesalers are recorded as a reduction of Sales in our Consolidated Statements of Income.






The estimated fair value of stock-based awards is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the award
 net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate forfeitures of stock based awards based on historical experience and expected future activity.


The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence
 no compensation expense will be recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense would be reversed.







Deferred income taxes are established for the difference between the financial reporting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.


We recognize the benefits of tax return positions when it is determined that the positions are &#8220;more-likely-than-not&#8221; to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we did not have any unrecognized tax benefits or any interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits.



Our Chief Operating Decision Maker monitors net sales and gross margins of our Beer Related operations and our Pubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing operations and related beer sales of our Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona and Omission beer brands. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs
 some of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations. We do not track operating results beyond the gross margin level or our assets on a segment level.

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.








Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year&#8217;s data to conform to the current year&#8217;s presentation. None of the changes impact our previously reported consolidated Net sales
 Gross profit
 Operating income
 Net income or Basic or diluted net income per share.





In July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2012-02
 &#8220;Intangibles &#8211; Goodwill and Other: Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment
&#8221; which permits an entity to make a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset
 other than goodwill
 is impaired. Entities are required to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually and more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. If an entity concludes
 based on an evaluation of all relevant qualitative factors
 that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 it is not required to perform the quantitative impairment test for that asset. Because the qualitative assessment is optional
 an entity is permitted to bypass it for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and apply the quantitative test. ASU 2012-02 also permits the entity to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. ASU 2012-02 is effective for impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2012-02 in the fourth quarter of 2012 did not have any effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.


In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02
 &#8220;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#8221; Under ASU 2013-02
 an entity is required to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (&#8220;AOCI&#8221;) by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the financial statements or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of AOCI by the respective line items of net income
 but only if the amount reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety in the same reporting period. For amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional details about those amounts. ASU 2013-02 does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in the financial statements. ASU 2013-02 is effective for us on January 1
 2013.


































2
497



2
778







3
552



2
829







3
263



2
128



















1
552







Pub food
 beverages and supplies













11
749



9
446

























CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.


































1
824



1
518











































1
190









3
809



2
816





Note 6.&#160;&#160;Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements


Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements consisted of the following (in thousands):




























87
664



82
481







53
236



52
729







7
598



7
598



Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment



7
121



6
187







6
196



5
644



















4
546



3
104





166
496



157
878







63
644



57
153





102
852



100
725





Note 7.&#160;&#160;Sale of Equity Interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC (&#8220;FSB&#8221;)


On May 2
 2011
 we sold our 42% interest in FSB for $16.3 million
 net of transaction fees. Proceeds consisted of $15.1 million received in cash and $1.2 million placed in escrow. The escrow balance was intended to satisfy valid claims
 if any
 asserted by A-B during the 18 months following the closing date in connection with breaches of representations and warranties made by us in the Purchase Agreement. Of the $1.2 million escrow balance
 $0.4 million had been collected as of December 31
 2011 and $0.8 million was included in accounts receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31
 2011
 and collected during 2012. We recorded a gain of $10.4 million in 2011 associated with the sale of our equity interest in FSB.


We recognized $691
000 in 2011 for our share of FSB&#8217;s earnings through May 2
 2011 and $696
000 in 2010. The book value of our equity investment in FSB was $5.9 million as of May 2
 2011.








On October 1
 2010
 we completed a merger (the &#8220;KBC Merger&#8221;) by acquiring all outstanding shares of Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc.&#8217;s (&#8220;KBC&#8221;) common stock in exchange for $6.2 million in cash and the issuance of 1
667
000 shares of our common stock with a value of $11.7 million to former KBC shareholders.

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.



 creating favorable selling opportunities in additional lucrative markets.


We incurred merger-related expenses
 including legal
 consulting
 accounting and other professional fees
 and severance costs of $559
000
 which are reflected in Merger-related expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31
 2010.


The acquisition of KBC was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 which requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date measured at their fair values. The excess of the consideration transferred and the acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interest held in Kona over the fair value of net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. The following table summarizes the consideration paid (in thousands):










11
702







6
237





17
939







1
200







19
139





The fair value of our common stock issued was computed by multiplying the number of shares of common stock issued by $7.02
 the closing price of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq as of the date of the acquisition.


The carrying value of our 20% equity interest in Kona was $1.1 million on the acquisition date and we recognized a gain of $91
000 as a result of measuring Kona at fair value. The gain is included in Other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31
 2010.




















4
858



Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



4
174







4
600















14
072





















4
091







1
476



Deferred income tax liabilities
 net and other non-current liabilities



2
283







7
850







6
222













12
917





The KBC Merger was structured as a stock purchase and
 therefore
 the values assigned to the trade name and trademarks
 non-compete agreements and goodwill are not deductible for tax purposes.


Prior to the acquisition date
 we accounted for our 20% equity ownership interest in Kona under the equity method of accounting. Upon completion of the business combination
 we consolidated the operations of KBC. Our results of operations included net sales of $3.2 million and net income of $309
000 attributable to KBC for the period from October 1
 2010 to December 31
 2010. Net income attributable to KBC for the period includes the effect of acquisition accounting adjustments
 primarily amortization of intangible assets.

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.



As a result of the KBC Merger
 KBC became a wholly owned subsidiary and
 accordingly
 KBC&#8217;s results of operations are included in our consolidated results of operations from October 1
 2010. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 our share of KBC&#8217;s net income prior to the KBC Merger was $146
000.


Unaudited pro forma results of operations as if the KBC Merger had occurred on January 1
 2010 are as follows (in thousands
 except per share amounts):









December 31










128
260







2
181


























December 31





















14
429



14
429







































2
200



2
200

















1
540



1
687









































































































































16
956



17
209



























17
562



17
989














Year Ended December 31

































































































1
827





















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.














December 31

















Term loan
 due July 1
 2018



11
822



12
240



Line of credit
 due September 30
 2015











Promissory notes payable to related parties
 all due July 1
 2015























Note with affiliated party
 due November 15
 2014

























13
082



13
784

















12
440



13
188





Required principal payments on outstanding debt obligations as of December 31
 2012 for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands):










































































































































9
227

















11
822





































11
822


















We have a loan agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with&#160;&#160;Bank of America
 N.A. (&#8220;BofA&#8221;)
 which is presently comprised of a $22.0 million revolving line of credit (&#8220;Line of Credit&#8221;)
 including provisions for cash borrowings
 and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
 and a Term Loan with a current balance of $11.8 million. We may draw upon the Line of Credit for working capital and general corporate purposes.


With the May 2
 2011 receipt of $15.3 million in cash
 including reimbursements
 related to the sale of our interest in FSB as discussed in Note 7
 we repaid the outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit and had no borrowings outstanding under the Line of Credit at December 31
 2012 or 2011.


Under the Loan Agreement
 we may select either the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&#8220;LIBOR&#8221;) or the Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&#8220;IBOR&#8221;) (each
 a &#8220;Benchmark Rate&#8221;) as the basis for calculating interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Line of Credit. Interest accrues at an annual rate equal to the Benchmark Rate plus a marginal rate. We may select different Benchmark Rates for different tranches of borrowings under the Line of Credit. The marginal rate varies from 1.00% to 2.25% based on our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2012
 our marginal rate was 1.00%. LIBOR rates may be selected for one
 two
 three or six-month periods
 and IBOR rates may be selected for no shorter than 14 days and no longer than six months. Accrued interest for the Line of Credit is due and payable monthly.


















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.


Under the Loan Agreement a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2012
 the quarterly fee was 0.15% and the fee totaled the following (in thousands):








Year Ended December 31








































An annual fee is payable in advance on the notional amount of each standby letter of credit issued and outstanding multiplied by an applicable rate ranging from 1.00% to 2.00%. We have had no letters of credit outstanding during 2012
 2011 or 2010.


Interest on the Term Loan accrues on the outstanding principal balance in the same manner as provided for under the Line of Credit
 as established under the LIBOR one-month Benchmark Rate. The interest rate on the Term Loan was 1.21% as of December 31
 2012. Accrued interest for the Term Loan is due and payable monthly. Principal payments are due monthly in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement
 with any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest due and payable on July 1
 2018.


We were in compliance with all applicable contractual financial covenants at December 31
 2012. These financial covenants under the Loan Agreement are measured on a trailing four-quarter basis. We are required to maintain a funded debt ratio of up to 3.0 to 1 and a fixed charge coverage ratio above 1.25 to 1.


The Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of our personal property and by certain real property (&#8220;Collateral&#8221;). In addition
 we are restricted in our ability to declare or pay dividends
 repurchase outstanding common stock
 incur additional debt or enter into any agreement that would result in a change in control.


We assumed an obligation for promissory notes signed in connection with the acquisition of commercial real estate related to our Portland
 Oregon brewery. These notes were separately executed with three individuals
 but with substantially the same terms and conditions. Each promissory note is secured by a deed of trust on the commercial real estate. The outstanding note balance to each lender as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $200
000
 with each note bearing a fixed interest rate of 24% per annum through June 30
 2010
 after which time the rate increased to 27.8% per annum as a result of a one-time adjustment reflecting the change in the consumer price index from the date of issue
 July 1
 2005
 to July 1
 2010. The promissory notes are carried at the total of stated value plus a premium reflecting the difference between our incremental borrowing rate and the stated note rate. The effective interest rate for each note is 6.31%. Each note matures on the earlier of the individual lender&#8217;s death or July 1
 2015
 with prepayment of principal not allowed under the notes&#8217; terms. Interest payments are due and payable monthly.



In connection with the KBC Merger
 we assumed an obligation for a promissory note payable (&#8220;Related Party Note&#8221;) to a counterparty that was a significant KBC shareholder and remains a shareholder of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. The Related Party Note is secured by the equipment comprising a photovoltaic cell generation system (&#8220;photovoltaic system&#8221;) installed at our brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. Accrued interest on the Related Party Note is due and payable monthly at a fixed interest rate of 4.75%
 with monthly loan payments of $16
129. Any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under the Related Party Note will be due and payable on November 15
 2014. The photovoltaic system was eligible for certain federal grants and state tax credits
 which were applied for but not collected prior to the closing of the KBC Merger. The proceeds collected by us associated with the applicable federal grants and state tax credits were remitted to the creditor as a reduction of principal.

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.






Our risk management objectives are to ensure that business and financial exposures to risk that have been identified and measured are minimized using the most effective and efficient methods to reduce
 transfer and
 when possible
 eliminate such exposures. Operating decisions contemplate associated risks and management strives to structure proposed transactions to avoid or reduce risk whenever possible.


We have assessed our vulnerability to certain business and financial risks
 including interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 we entered into a five-year interest rate swap contract with BofA with a total notional value of $8.9 million as of December 31
 2012 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings under our Term Loan with BofA. Through this swap agreement
 we pay interest at a fixed rate of 4.48% and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
 which was 0.21% at December 31
 2012. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 it qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. As of December 31
 2012
 unrealized net losses of $219
000 were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a result of this hedge. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reclassified into Interest expense in the same period during which we record Interest expense associated with the Term Loan. There was no hedge ineffectiveness recognized during 2012
 2011 or 2010.


The interest rate swap contract is secured by substantially all of our personal property and by the real properties located at 924 North Russell Street
 Portland
 Oregon and 14300 NE 145th Street
 Woodinville
 Washington (&#8220;collateral&#8221;) under the Loan Agreement with BofA.


The effect of our interest rate swap contracts that are accounted for as derivative instruments on our Consolidated Statements of Income for 2012
 2011 and 2010 was as follows (in thousands):














































December 31
































































































December 31


























































Interest and other income
 net












































Level 2 &#8211; other significant directly or indirectly observable inputs
 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates
 prepayment speeds and credit risk; and













Level 3 &#8211; significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources
 including our own assumptions in determining fair value.




















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.













Fair Value at December 31
 2012





























































Fair Value at December 31
 2011









































The fair value of our interest rate swap is based on quarterly statements from the issuing bank. There were no changes to our valuation techniques during 2012
 2011 or 2010.


We believe the carrying amounts of Cash
 Accounts receivable
 Accounts payable and Other accrued expenses are a reasonable approximation of the fair value of those financial instruments because of the nature of the underlying transactions and the short-term maturities involved.











December 31





















1
260



1
544







1
275



1
615





We have fixed-rate debt and calculate the estimated fair value of our fixed-rate debt using a discounted cash flow methodology. Using estimated current interest rates based on a similar risk profile and duration (Level 2)
 the fixed cash flows are discounted and summed to compute the fair value of the debt.





Net sales
 gross profit and gross margin by segment were as follows (dollars in thousands):






























145
670



23
617



169
287







46
341



3
685



50
026





















































127
376



21
821



149
197







41
626



3
560



45
186





















































119
389



12
342



131
731







31
797



1
870



33
667






















 we do not allocate assets by segment and
 therefore
 no asset by segment information is provided to our chief operating decision maker.


In preparing this financial information
 certain expenses were allocated between the segments based on management estimates
 while others were based on specific factors such as headcount. These factors can have a significant impact on the amount of gross profit for each segment. While we believe we have applied a reasonable methodology
 assignment of other reasonable cost allocations to each segment could result in materially different segment gross profit.

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.









Year Ended December 31







































































We maintain several stock incentive plans under which stock-based awards are granted to employees and non-employee directors. We issue new shares of common stock upon conversion of the stock-based awards. Under the terms of our stock option plans
 subject to certain limitations
 employees and directors may be granted options to purchase our common stock at the market price on the date the option is granted. All of our stock plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 which determines the grantees
 the number of shares of common stock for which options are exercisable and the exercise prices of such shares
 among other terms and conditions of stock-based awards under our stock-based plans.


With the approval of the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2010 Plan&#8221;) in May 2010
 no further grants of stock-based awards may be made under our 2002 Stock Option Plan (the &#8220;2002 Plan&#8221;) or our 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2007 Plan&#8221;); however
 the provisions of these plans will remain in effect until all outstanding options are terminated or exercised.



The 2010 Plan provides for grants of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance awards and stock appreciation rights. While incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
 awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees and non-employee directors. Options granted to our employees generally vest over a five-year period. Vested options are generally exercisable for ten years from the date of grant. A maximum of 750
000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the 2010 Plan. As of December 31
 2012
 there were 325
157 shares available for future awards pursuant to the 2010 Plan
 assuming all 172
395 shares subject to performance vesting vest at the end of the respective performance periods.



Under our 2007 Plan
 stock options and restricted stock were granted to our employees and restricted stock grants were awarded to our directors. Options granted to our employees pursuant to the 2007 Plan generally vest over a five-year period. Vested options are generally exercisable for ten years from the date of grant.



Our 2002 Plan provided for the grant of non-qualified stock options and incentive stock options to employees and non-qualified stock options to non-employee directors and independent consultants or advisors
 subject to certain limitations. Options granted to our employees generally vest over either a four-year or five-year period while options granted to our directors generally became exercisable within three months following the grant date. Vested options are generally exercisable for ten years from the date of grant.

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.




Certain information regarding our stock-based compensation was as follows (in thousands
 except per share amounts):






Year Ended December 31














































































Year Ended December 31






















Selling
 general and administrative expense

















We amortize stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the individual awards
 which is the requisite service period
 with estimated forfeitures considered.


At December 31
 2012
 we had total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of $1.2 million
 which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of 3.2 years.









Year Ended December 31































































































Stock option activity for the year ended December 31
 2012 was as follows:





















Outstanding at December 31
 2011



252
240











123
525











(6
500



















Outstanding at December 31
 2012



368
665









Certain information regarding options outstanding as of December 31
 2012 was as follows:























368
665



111
328



















664
000



366
000



































CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.




During the second quarter of each of 2012 and 2011
 we granted performance-based stock awards covering 104
865 shares and 67
530 shares
 respectively
 of our common stock to selected executives with vesting contingent upon meeting various company-wide performance goals. The performance goals are tied to target amounts of adjusted EBITDA and net sales for the three fiscal years ending December 31
 2014 and 2013. The awards earned on the 2012 grant will range from zero to one hundred twenty five percent of the targeted number of performance shares for the performance period ending March 31
 2015. The awards earned on the 2011 grant will range from zero to one hundred percent of the targeted number of performance shares for the performance period ending March 31
 2014. Awards
 if earned
 will be paid in shares of common stock.



Beginning with the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 each non-employee director receives an annual grant of shares of our common stock with a fair value of $25
000 upon election at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Accordingly
 on May 14
 2012
 our Board of Directors approved an annual grant of 3
277 shares of fully-vested common stock to each of our seven non-employee directors for a total of 22
939 shares of our common stock.


Note 15.&#160;&#160;Earnings per Share
 Basic and Diluted











Year Ended December 31


























18
862



18
834



17
523























18
934



18
931



17
568














































Year Ended December 31
































1
016












1
458



5
025



1
082






1
951



6
041



1
100















Year Ended December 31


























1
522



5
335







State taxes
 net of federal benefit















Permanent differences
 primarily meals and entertainment

















































































1
951



6
041



1
100




















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.










December 31



































2
059





























2
527



3
800

























Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



(11
843



(11
369







(6
422



(6
450





























(18
433



(18
116





(15
906



(14
316





As of December 31
 2012
 included in our net operating losses and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of $0.7 million are the following (in thousands):






State NOLs
 tax effected
























Federal insurance contributions act (&#8220;FICA&#8221;) credit carryforwards
 tax effected










During 2012
 the portion of the net operating loss attributable to stock option exercises was utilized. This utilization resulted in a credit to shareholders&#8217; equity of $379
000.


Among other factors
 in assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 we consider future taxable income expected to be generated by the projected differences between financial statement depreciation and tax depreciation
 cumulative earnings generated to date and other evidence available to us. Based upon this consideration
 we assessed that all of our deferred taxes are more likely than not to be realized
 and
 as such
 we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of December 31
 2012 or 2011. During 2010
 we released our remaining valuation allowance of $100
000
 which was recorded as an offset to our tax provision.


There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31
 2012 or 2011 and we do not anticipate significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months.


 tax years from 1997 to 2004 and 2008 are eligible for examination by the IRS and state tax jurisdictions due to our utilization of the NOLs generated in these tax years in our tax returns.





We sponsor a defined contribution 401(k) plan for all employees 18 years or older. Employee contributions may be made on a before-tax basis
 limited by IRS regulations. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we matched 50 percent of the employee&#8217;s contributions up to 6% of eligible compensation. Eligibility for the matching contribution in all years began after the participant had worked a minimum of three months. Our matching contributions to the plan vest ratably over five years of service by the employee. We recognized expense associated with matching contributions as follows (in thousands):








Year Ended December 31



























































CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.







We lease office space
 restaurant and production facilities
 warehouse and storage space
 land and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2047. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require us to pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property. Under the terms of the land lease for our New Hampshire Brewery
 we hold a first right of refusal to purchase the property should the lessor decide to sell the property.


Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31
 2012 are as follows (in thousands):










1
303







1
006































11
824





16
741





Rent expense under all operating leases
 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases was as follows (in thousands):








Year Ended December 31


























2
665



2
759



2
356





We sub-lease corporate office space to an unrelated party pursuant to a 5-year lease that began in February 2011. The lessee also leased this space pursuant to a previous lease agreement in 2010 and 2009. The lessee may renew the lease for two additional five-year periods. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 as follows (in thousands):








Year Ended December 31








































Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31
 2012 are as follows (in thousands):



















































































CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.



We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies
 both of whose members include our current Board Chair and a nonexecutive officer. Lease payments to these lessors were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:





Year Ended December 31


































The lease for the headquarters office space and restaurant facility expires in 2034
 with an extension at our option for two 10-year periods
 while the lease for the other facilities
 land and equipment expires in 2017 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. We hold a right to purchase the headquarters office space and restaurant facility at the greater of $2.0 million or the fair market value of the property as determined by a contractually established appraisal method. The right to purchase is not valid in the final year of the lease term or in each of the final years of the renewal terms
 as applicable.&#160;&#160;All lease terms are considered to be arm&#8217;s-length transactions.


We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020
 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. Lease payments to this lessor were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:





Year Ended December 31



































We periodically enter into commitments to purchase certain raw materials in the normal course of business. Furthermore
 we have entered into purchase commitments and commodity contracts to ensure we have the necessary supply of malt and hops to meet future production requirements. Certain of the malt and hop commitments are for crop years through 2015. We believe that malt and hop commitments in excess of future requirements
 if any
 will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may take delivery of the commodities in excess of our requirements or make payments against the purchase commitments earlier than contractually obligated
 which means our cash outlays in any particular year may exceed or be less than the commitment amount disclosed.


In certain cases
 we have executed agreements with selected vendors to source our requirements for specific malt varieties for the years ending December 31
 2013
 2014
 2015 and 2016; however
 either the quantity to be delivered or the full price for the commodity has not been established at the present time. To the extent the commitment is not measurable or has not been fixed
 that portion of the commitment has been excluded from the table below.


We have entered into multi-year sponsorship and promotional commitments with certain professional sports teams and entertainment companies. Generally
 in exchange for our sponsorship consideration
 we post signage and provide other promotional materials at the site or the event. In certain instances
 we are granted an exclusive right to provide the craft beer products at the site or event. The terms of these sponsorship commitments expire at various dates through May 31
 2016.

















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.



Aggregate payments under purchase and sponsorship commitments as of December 31
 2012 are as follows (in thousands):





























16
331



2
241



18
572







2
201



1
260



3
461







1
609







1
928





















































20
758



3
989



24
747








As of both December 31
 2012 and 2011
 A-B owned approximately 32.2% of our outstanding common stock.



In connection with the sale of our interest in FSB
 we modified two agreements with A-B originally executed in 2004: the Master Distributor Agreement (as amended and restated
 the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;)
 which was amended primarily to lower our margin fees (&#8220;Margin Fees&#8221;) to be paid to A-B; and the Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement (as amended and restated
 the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;).


The modifications to the A-B Distributor Agreement reduced the Margin Fees to be paid to A-B for beer sold through A-B or the associated A-B distribution network
 except for beer sold in qualifying territories
 as defined
 from May 1
 2011 (the &#8220;Commencement Date&#8221;) until December 31
 2018
 to $0.25 per case equivalent from $0.74 per case equivalent. Beer sold through A-B or the associated A-B distribution network in qualifying territories
 as defined
 will be exempt from Margin Fees until September 30
 2013
 and thereafter will be assessed Margin Fees at the $0.25 per case equivalent through December 31
 2018. The exemption from Margin Fees for beer sold in the qualifying territories is subject to certain conditions
 including incurring sales and marketing expenses in the qualifying territories at or above specified amounts. In the event the A-B Distributor Agreement is renewed beyond December 31
 2018
 the A-B Distributor Agreement sets Margin Fees to be paid to A-B for the period beginning January 1
 2019 and ending December 31
 2028
 at $0.75 per case equivalent. The A-B Distributor Agreement no longer provides for the incremental fees that were previously paid to A-B for shipments above the volume of shipments during 2003.


If we purchase additional beer brands
 we may distribute those brands outside of the A-B Distributor Agreement while still selling existing brands to A-B affiliated wholesalers. We would not be obligated to pay margin fees on sales of the new brand.


















CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.














Year Ended December 31


























149
492



132
914



119
885



Margin fee paid to A-B
 classified as a reduction of Sales



1
864



2
777



5
589



Sales to FSB through a contract brewing arrangement
 classified in Sales



3
083



2
863























Handling
 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B
 classified in Cost of sales















Amounts received from A-B for lost keg fees and forfeited deposits
 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net



























We owned 42% of FSB prior to it becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of A-B in May 2011 and
 accordingly
 transactions with FSB are considered to be related party transactions in all periods.





Effective September 1
 2012
 in the best interest of both parties
 we mutually agreed with FSB to end our contract brewing arrangement. Under the termination agreement
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers through November 2012 utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB will pay us $70
000 per month through September 2013.
































6
369



8
310































(2
472



(1
746







(1
974



(2
482







2
813



4
667






Prior to the KBC Merger in October 2010
 KBC was a related party. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 we had the following related party transactions with KBC (in thousands):









December 31












Alternating proprietorship fees related to leasing the Oregon Brewery to KBC
 recorded as a component of Sales



4
814



Fees for selling raw materials and packaging products to KBC
 recorded as a component of Sales



5
032



Rent charged to KBC for use of kegs for products distributed in Hawaii
 recorded as an offset to Cost of sales

























































Our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based upon that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
 disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. While reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance
 it does not mean absolute assurance. Disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all errors
 misstatements or fraud. In addition
 the design of a control system must recognize that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits associated with controls must be proportionate to their costs.



During the fourth quarter of 2012
 no changes in our internal control over financial reporting were identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.



 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
 management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2012.


Moss Adams LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
 has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 as stated in their report
 which is included herein.






















Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.


We have audited Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.&#8217;s (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&#8217;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#8217;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


In our opinion
 Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 based on criteria established in 


 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2012
 and our report dated March 12
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.












Seattle
 Washington



March 12
 2013












































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate G




The information required by this Item is contained in part in our definitive proxy statement for our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 22
 2013 (the &#8220;2013 Proxy Statement&#8221;) under the captions &#8220;Board of Directors
&#8221; &#8220;Board of Directors - Audit Committee
&#8221; &#8220;Executive Officers
&#8221; and &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
&#8221; and the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference.



We adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics (the &#8220;Code&#8221;) applicable to all employees
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer and directors. The Code and the charters of each of the Board committees are posted on our website at www.craftbrew.com (select Investor Relations &#8212; Governance &#8212; Highlights). Copies of these documents are available to any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be directed to Investor Relations
 Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 929 N. Russell Street
 Portland
 OR 97227. Any waivers of the Code for our directors or executive officers are required to be approved by our Board of Directors. We will disclose any such waivers on a current report on Form 8-K within four business days after the waiver is approved.














Information required by this Item is contained in our 2013 Proxy Statement under the captions &#8220;Executive Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Director Compensation&#8221; and &#8220;Board of Directors - Compensation Committee&#8221; and the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference.















The following is a summary as of December 31
 2012 of all of our plans that provide for the issuance of equity securities as compensation. See Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.












outstanding options
 








outstanding options
 



















368
665







325
157





































368
665







325
157





The remaining information required by this Item is contained in our 2013 Proxy Statement under the caption &#8220;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
&#8221; and the information contained therein is incorporated herein by reference.
























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Ind












































Report of Moss Adams LLP
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm






Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011






Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010






Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31
2012
 2011 and 2010






Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders&#8217; Equity for the Years Ended December 31
2012
 2011 and 2010






Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
















Exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index that appears immediately following the signature page of this report and is incorporated herein by reference
 and are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




















Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 in Portland
 Oregon
 on March 12
 2013.






Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.


































Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 12
 2013.



































































































































































E. Donald Johnson
 Jr.



















































































John D. Rogers
 Jr.




















&#160;Mark D. Moreland

















































Agreement and Plan of Merger between the Registrant and Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc. and related parties dated July 31
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3
 2010)






Equity Purchase Agreement by and among each of the members of Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC
 as Sellers and A-B
 as purchaser
 dated as of February 18
 2011 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010)






Joinder to Equity Purchase Agreement
 dated May 2
 2011 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4
 2011)






Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant
 dated January 2
 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2011)






Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant
 dated December 1
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 filed on April 1
 2011)













Form of Stock Option Agreement (Directors Grants) for the 2002 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2004)






Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Executive Officer Grants) for the 2002 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
 2010)













Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement (Executive Officer Grants) for the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2010)













Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Executive Officer Grants) for the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010)






Form of Performance Award Agreement for the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2011)






Stock Appreciation Right Agreement between the Registrant and Andrew J. Thomas
 dated October 12
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2011)






Stock Appreciation Right Agreement between the Registrant and Andrew J. Thomas
 dated January 1
 2011 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2011)






Letter of Agreement between the Registrant and Terry E. Michaelson dated March 29
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2009)






Letter of Agreement between the Registrant and Mark D. Moreland dated March 29
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2009)






Letter of Agreement between the Registrant and V. Sebastian Pastore dated March 29
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2009)






Letter of Agreement between the Registrant and Martin J. Wall
 IV dated March 29
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2009)






Separation Agreement between the Registrant and Martin J. Wall
 IV dated February 1
 2013



























Letter of Agreement between the Registrant and Kurt Widmer dated May 26
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2010)






Letter of Agreement between the Registrant and Robert Widmer dated May 26
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2010)






Letter of Agreement between the Registrant and Andrew J. Thomas
 dated June 1
 2011 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2011)






Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement dated June 30
 2008 between the Registrant and Kurt Widmer (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2
 2008)






Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement dated June 30
 2008 between the Registrant and Robert Widmer (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2
 2008)






Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement dated October 1
 2010 between the Registrant and W. Cameron Healy (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6
 2010)






Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement dated October 1
 2010 between the Registrant and Mattson Davis (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6
 2010)




















Sublease between Pease Development Authority as Sublessor and the Registrant as Sublessee
 dated May 30
 1995 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 No. 33-94166)






Loan Agreement dated as of July 1
 2008 between Registrant and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7
 2008)






Loan Modification Agreement dated November 14
 2008 to Loan Agreement dated July 1
 2008 between Registrant and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
 2008)






Second Loan Modification Agreement dated June 8
 2010 to the Loan Agreement dated July 1
 2008 between the Registrant and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2010)






Third Loan Modification Agreement dated September 30
 2010 to the Loan Agreement dated July 1
 2008 between the Registrant and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6
 2010)






Amended and Restated Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement dated as of May 1
 2011 between the Registrant and A-B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4
 2011)






Amended and Restated Master Distributor Agreement dated as of May 1
 2011 between the Registrant and A-B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4
 2011)






Amendment to A-B Master Distributor Agreement dated May 11
 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9
 2012)






Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 1
 2004 between the Registrant and A-B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2
 2004)






Master Lease Agreement dated as of June 6
 2007 between Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital
 LLC and Widmer Brothers Brewing Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4
 No. 333-149908 filed on May 2
 2008 (&#8220;S-4 Amendment No. 1&#8221;))






Amended and Restated License Agreement dated as of February 28
 1997 between Widmer Brothers Brewing Company and Widmer&#8217;s Wine Cellars
 Inc. and Canandaigua Wine Company
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 from the S-4 Amendment No. 1)


























Restated Lease dated as of January 1
 1994 between Smithson &amp; McKay Limited Liability Company and Widmer Brothers Brewing Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
 2010)






Commercial Lease (Restated) dated as of December 18
 2007 between Widmer Brothers LLC and Widmer Brothers Brewing Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 from the S-4 Amendment No. 1)






Sublease dated as of September 1
 2010 between Manini Holdings
 LLC and Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010)






Amended and Restated Continental Distribution and Licensing Agreement between the Registrant and Kona Brewery LLC dated March 26
 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
 2010)






Sublease dated as of March 31
 2011 between Manini Holdings
 LLC and Kona Brewing Co.
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant&#8217;s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 filed on April 22
 2011)






Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 filed on April 1
 2011)






Consent of Moss Adams LLP
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm






Power of Attorney &#8211; Directors of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.






Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






Certification of Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






Press Release dated March 12
 2013








































































Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.










Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to portions of this exhibit. A complete copy of the agreement
 including the redacted terms
 has been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.























    















The parties to this Separation Agreement and Release (Agreement) are Martin Wall (Employee) and Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (the Company).











Employee's employment with the Company ends effective February 1
 2013 due to the elimination of Employee's position.&#160;&#160;The Company will pay Employee all earned and unpaid wages and all unused Paid Time Off accrued through February 1
 2013.&#160;&#160;The Company will accomplish this payment by mailing to Employee a check for such amounts to the home address he has on record with the Company.&#160;&#160;Employee recognizes that the payment will be less regular deductions and withholdings.














The Company will pay to Employee severance payments under either paragraph 2.a. or 2.b.
 at Employee's option:














The Company will pay to Employee severance payments for a period of twelve (12) months following February 1
 2013 (the Severance Period)
 Employee's regular weekly salary
 less legally required deductions and withholdings
 as severance to which Employee would not otherwise be entitled (the Severance Payments).&#160;&#160;This amount will be paid over the course of the Severance Period on regular paydays.&#160;&#160;OR





























In addition to the Severance Payments
 the Company will pay Employee an additional amount of $23
459.00
 less legally required deductions and withholdings.&#160;&#160;This amount will be paid as a lump sum within 30 days following the date this Agreement becomes effective.&#160;&#160;The amount paid to Employee under this Agreement constitutes pay in addition to compensation to which Employee is otherwise entitled in exchange for a release of all claims.














As set forth in Employee's employment agreement
 if
 during the Severance Period
 Employee becomes employed or associated with a brewing or other company that the Company determines
 in its reasonable discretion
 is a competitor of the Company or Anheuser-Busch
 Inc.
 Employee's Severance Payments under this Agreement will terminate as of the effective date of such employment or association.












































The Company will pay Employee's COBRA premiums
 if any
 for medical and dental benefits at the coverage levels in effect on February 1
 2013 for twelve (12) months
 so long as Employee elects continuation coverage.&#160;&#160;The Company will cease paying such COBRA premiums in the event Employee finds new employment with comparable health coverage.














The Company will pay the cost of outplacement services provided by Lee Hecht Harrison in Portland
 OR for the 3-month Quick Start Program. This includes coaching sessions
 access to online resources and office space
 resume and interview skill development. Details will be provided upon receipt of signed agreement.





























The Company agrees to give Employee their mobile phone and will transfer the phone number to a personal account by February 2
 2013.














If the Company receives a reference request from a prospective employer of Employee
 the Company will disclose only Employee's dates of employment and the last position held with the Company.














In consideration for the above
 Employee completely releases and forever discharges the Company and each of its past
 present
 and future related entities and each of their respective past
 present
 and future members
 managers
 partners
 shareholders
 officers
 directors
 agents
 employees
 attorneys
 insurers
 successors
 and assigns from any and all claims
 rights
 demands
 actions
 liabilities
 and causes of action of every kind and character
 whether known or unknown
 matured or unmatured
 which Employee may now have or has ever had
 arising from or in any way related to Employee's employment with the Company
 including without limitation the conditions of employment or the termination thereof
 whether based on tort
 contract (express or implied)
 other common law
 or any federal
 state
 or local statute
 regulation
 ordinance
 or other law
 including
 but not limited to
 Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
 as amended
 the Americans with Disabilities Act
 the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (the ADEA)
 and any similar state or local law
 based on any act or omission prior to Employee's execution of this Agreement.














In further consideration for the above
 Employee will treat this Agreement as confidential and will not disclose this Agreement or any of its provisions to any person or entity
 except as required by law or
 to the extent necessary to receive professional services
 to Employee's accountant
 professional tax preparer
 or attorney.














Employee will make no negative or disparaging oral or written remarks or statements of any nature whatsoever about the Company
 its officers
 directors
 or employees
 or its products to any person or entity
 either publicly or privately
 including
 without limitation
 on any social networking
 blog
 or similar Internet site.














The Company specifically denies any liability or wrongdoing whatsoever.&#160;&#160;Neither this Agreement nor any of its provisions
 terms
 or conditions constitute an admission of liability or wrongdoing or may be offered or received in evidence in any action or proceeding as evidence of an admission of liability or wrongdoing.














Employee acknowledges and reaffirms Employee's continuing obligations under any Confidentiality Agreement that Employee entered into in connection with Employee's employment with the Company
 and Employee will strictly comply with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.














Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement
 including without limitation Paragraph 13
 this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.














The parties acknowledge that the only consideration for this Agreement is the consideration expressly described herein
 that each party fully understands the meaning and intent of this Agreement
 and that this Agreement has been executed voluntarily.












































Employee understands that he is releasing and waiving any ADEA claims he may have against the Released Parties
 as described in Section 9.&#160;&#160;Employee acknowledges that the Company is hereby advising him in writing to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement and that he is being given at least 21 days to consider whether to execute this Agreement.&#160;&#160;Employee understands that he may sign this Agreement before the expiration of the 21-day period.&#160;&#160;By executing this Agreement on the date set forth below
 Employee has knowingly and voluntarily waived the balance of that period
 if any.&#160;&#160;Employee may revoke this Agreement by written notice
 received by Stacia Bird at Craft Brew Alliance
 929 N. Russell Street
 Portland
 Oregon&#160;&#160;97227
 within seven days following the date he signs this Agreement.&#160;&#160;If not revoked under the preceding sentence
 this Agreement becomes effective and enforceable on the eighth day following the date Employee signs this Agreement.























/s/ Martin J. Wall
 IV




































February 1
 2013






February 1
 2013























    


















Each non-employee director receives an annual grant of shares of our common stock with a fair value of $25
000 upon election at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders.



Each non-employee director is entitled to receive an annual cash retainer of $20
000
 paid quarterly.


The Chair of the Audit Committee is entitled to receive an additional cash retainer of $15
000
 while each other member of the Audit Committee is entitled to receive $4
000. The Chairs of each of the Nominating and Governance
 Compensation
 and Strategic Planning Committees are entitled to receive an additional cash retainer of $10
000
 while all other committee members are entitled to receive a payment of $2
000 for each committee position. Committee compensation is paid quarterly.


















    














Pursuant to their employment letter agreements
 executive officers of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (the Company)
 are eligible for annual cash incentive bonus opportunities subject to attainment of corporate level goals and individual performance objectives.


The annual incentive bonus opportunities for the Company&#8217;s executive officers are set by the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Company's Board of Directors (the Board) each year as a percentage of the executive&#8217;s annual base salary. For 2013
 the percentages range from 50 percent to 80 percent of base salary.



The corporate level goals relate to 80% of the bonus opportunity. The corporate level goals are generally defined by objectively measureable financial metrics
 including
 among others
 achieving specified target levels of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&#8220;EBITDA&#8221;)
 sales revenues
 either for the Company as a whole or for certain key regions or brands
 market share
 depletion growth
 and similar measures. For 2013
 the corporate component of the target bonuses is tied 50 percent to achievement of a specified EBITDA target and 50 percent to achievement of a specified sales revenue target for the Company.


Achievement above or below the specified target levels for the financial metrics may result in an upward or downward adjustment in the bonus amount payable. Typically
 the adjustment is calculated as the product of a defined factor (2.5% for 2013) and the percentage by which the actual achievement of a given financial metric is above or below the target level. If the Company fails to achieve a specified financial target at the 80 percent level or above
 no part of the bonus opportunity associated with that target is earned.



The individual performance objectives relate to 20% of the bonus opportunity. The individual performance objectives are generally based on achieving financial
 strategic
 operational and other goals in functional areas for which the executive has responsibility. Individual performance objectives are tied to the officer's role in achieving the Company's strategic and operating goals.


The Committee determines the extent to which corporate level objectives and individual performance goals have been satisfied following the end of each fiscal year. Payment of bonuses
 if any
 is made promptly following the Committee's determination. An executive will not be entitled to receive a bonus if he or she does not remain employed by the Company through the date of the Committee's determination
 unless the Committee approves otherwise.


















    














We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-90524
 333-143158
 and 333-171372) of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) of our reports dated March 12
 2013
 relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company
 and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company
 appearing in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31
 2012.





Seattle
 Washington
March 12
 2013


















    












Each person below designates and appoints TERRY E. MICHAELSON and MARK D. MORELAND his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
 with full power of substitution
 to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
 of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 a Washington corporation
 and any amendments thereto
 and to file said report and amendments
 with all exhibits thereto
 in such form as they or either of them may approve with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.&#160;&#160;Each of such attorneys-in-fact is appointed with full power to act without the other.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 day of March
 2013.






























































































&#160;E. Donald Johnson
 Jr.









&#160;E. Donald Johnson
 Jr.





















































































&#160;John D. Rogers
 Jr.









&#160;John D. Rogers
 Jr.



























    












I
 Terry E. Michaelson
 certify that:








I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10&#8722;K of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;);















Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;















Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





























Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;















Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;















Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and















Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and












The Registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):













All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and















Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.









Date: March 12
 2013
















































    










I
 Mark D. Moreland
 certify that:








I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10&#8722;K of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;);















Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;















Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





























Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;















Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;















Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and















Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and












The Registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):













All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and















Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.









Date: March 12
 2013
















































    












18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350





In connection with the Annual Report of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12
 2013 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 Terry E. Michaelson
 the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant
 and Mark D. Moreland
 the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Registrant
 each hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to his knowledge:












The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and















The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.









Date: March 12
 2013
























































































    




















Portland
 Ore. (March 12
 2013) &#8211; 
&#8221;) (Nasdaq: BREW)
 an independent craft brewing company
 reported final 2012 financial results and confirmed 2013 guidance. CB











































Sales growth of 13%
 reflecting the continued strength of the Kona
 Redhook and Omission brands
 as well as continued repositioning of the Widmer Brothers brand



























Shipment growth of nearly 8%
 reflecting new initiatives such as the launch of the Omission brand and international export













Gross margin rate of 29.6%
 a reduction of 70 basis points from 2011
 reflecting higher brewery variable costs on a per barrel basis
 partially offset by improved fixed cost coverage and a shift in mix to our higher-end beers













Selling
 general and administrative expense (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) of $44.9 million
 an increase of $5.1 million from 2011
 reflecting continued investments in brand development and sales capabilities



























Capital expenditures of approximately $9.1 million
 reflecting continued investments in capacity
 efficiency and quality initiatives




&#8220;As a follow-up to our release in late January
 we want to confirm that we expect meaningful growth in both revenue and earnings resulting from the overall strength of our portfolio strategy
 operating expense leverage and SG&amp;A leverage in 2013
&#8221; said Terry Michaelson
&#8217;s CEO. &#8220;As we enter the next phase in the development of our portfolio strategy
 we are focusing on leveraging our recent investments
 brand momentum and breadth
 and geographic expansion
 to deliver improved sales and profit growth. This is consistent with our phased approach to strengthening our model to ultimately deliver long-term value growth.&#8221;
























&#8217;s history. We expect strong growth tempered by unprecedented competition
&#8221; said Terry Michaelson. Expectations for 2013 include (i) confidence in the continued growth in sales of Kona
 Redhook and Omission
 and clear positioning of Widmer Brothers offerings; (ii) expansion into new geographic markets for Kona and international expansion for all brand families; (iii) updates to packaging across all brand families
 as well as introduction of unique can and bottle offerings; (iv) refined messaging on Omission beers
 promoting the beer as specially crafted to remove gluten; (v) exploration of introducing additional or new brands to the CB

&#8220;While we are providing full-year guidance for 2013
 I want to emphasize that we anticipate significant differences in 2013 quarterly performance as compared to 2012
&#8221; said Mark Moreland
&#8217;s CFO. &#8220;This is due to both normal changes to programs and new product timing
 as well as uneven 2012 quarterly performance as a result of the implementation of new supply chain processes and systems that will drive improved supply chain control during 2013.&#160;&#160;Specifically
 we expect relatively weak shipments in the first quarter of 2013 when compared to the volume generated by the 15% growth in shipments in the first quarter of 2012.&#8221;

We are confirming previously provided anticipated full year 2013 results
 as follows:











Depletion growth estimate of 7% to 11%
 reflecting the continued strength of the Kona
 Redhook and Omission brands and further stabilization of the Widmer Brothers brand









































Gross margin rate of 28.5% to 30.5%
 reflecting higher brewery variable costs on a per barrel basis
 partially offset by better fixed cost coverage













SG&amp;A expense ranging from $47 million to $49 million
 reflecting leverage from the foundation built by more aggressive spending in prior years













Capital expenditures of approximately $11 million to $13 million
 continuing our investments in capacity and efficiency improvements
 quality initiatives and restaurant and retail







Statements made in this press release that state the Company's or management's intentions
 hopes
 beliefs
 expectations or predictions of the future
 including depletions and sales growth
 the level or effect of SG&amp;A expense
 the amount of capital spending
 and the benefits or improvements to be realized from strategic initiatives and capital projects
 are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the Company's SEC filings
 including
 but not limited to
 the Company's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012. Copies of these documents may be found on the Company's website
 
 or obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.





















 is an independent
 publicly traded craft brewing company that was formed through the merger of leading Pacific Northwest craft brewers &#8211; Widmer Brothers Brewing and Redhook Ale Brewery &#8211; in 2008. With an eye toward preserving and growing one-of-a-kind craft beers and brands
 CB


When Kurt &amp; Rob Widmer founded Widmer Brothers Brewing in 1984
 they didn&#8217;t confine their brewing exploration to strict style guidelines. To this day
 Widmer Brothers continues to create craft beers with a unique and unconventional twist on traditional styles that are award winning and please a wide range of craft beer lovers. Redhook began in a Seattle transmission shop in 1981 and those colorful roots are reflected in the brand&#8217;s personality to this day. The eminently drinkable beers consistently win awards and please crowds across the United States. Kona Brewing was founded in 1994 by the father and son team of Cameron Healy and Spoon Khalsa
 who dreamed of crafting fresh
 local-island brews with spirit
 passion and quality. As the largest craft brewery in Hawaii
 Kona personifies the laid-back
 passionate lifestyle and environmental respect of the Hawaiian people and culture. Omission beer is the first craft beer brand in the United States focused exclusively on brewing great tasting craft beers with traditional beer ingredients
 including malted barley
 that are specially crafted to remove gluten.


For more information
 visit: 























Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.





































Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.

(In thousands
 except per share amounts and shipments)










December 31






December 31




































44
897



37
558



182
018



161
000







2
961



2
631



12
731



11
803







41
936



34
927



169
287



149
197







30
579



25
142



119
261



104
011







11
357



9
785



50
026



45
186























Selling
 general and administrative expenses



10
388



9
253



44
890



39
742















5
136



5
444























Gain on sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC















10
432



Income from equity investments
 interest and other
 net































4
477



15
692















1
951



6
041















2
526



9
651



































































18
874



18
845



18
862



18
834







18
940



18
942



18
934



18
931













































168
000



141
400



675
300



623
300







7
200



10
700



49
600



49
300







175
200



152
100



724
900



672
600



























































Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.











December 31











































5
013







Accounts receivable
 net



10
512



13
326







11
749



9
446



Deferred income tax asset
 net



1
250











3
809



2
816







32
333



27
277



Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net



102
852



100
725







12
917



12
917



Intangible and other non-current assets
 net



17
562



17
989







165
664



158
908





























12
255



10
994



Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes



5
267



4
524







7
896



7
400







1
066



1
436



















27
126



24
950



Long-term debt and capital lease obligations
 net



12
440



13
188







17
903



16
261







108
195



104
509







165
664



158
908





















Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.












December 31




































2
526



9
651



















7
369



7
204















Gain on sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC







(10
432







1
458



5
025



Other
 including stock-based compensation and excess tax benefit from employee stock plans



























2
396



(1
976







(1
855



































1
269



(2
773



Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes



























13
105



6
728















Expenditures for property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



(9
138



(8
488



Proceeds from sale of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements and other











Proceeds from the sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC







15
527



















(8
683



7
131























(5
751











(7
500



































(13
228







4
218







Cash
 beginning of period











Cash
 end of period



5
013




























Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.












December 31






December 31



































































2
526



9
651



































1
951



6
041







1
788



1
766



7
116



6
912























Gain on sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC















(10
432



























2
838



2
492



13
056



13
849





The Company has presented Adjusted Earnings before Interest
 Taxes
 Depreciation and Amortization (&#8220;Adjusted EBITDA&#8221;) in these tables to provide investors with additional information to evaluate our operating performance on an ongoing basis using criteria that are used by the Company&#8217;s management.&#160; The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net earnings before interest
 income taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 stock compensation and other non-cash charges
 including net gain or loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment.&#160;&#160;The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA
 among other measures
 to evaluate operating performance
 to plan and forecast future periods&#8217; operating performance
 and as an incentive compensation target for certain management personnel.


As Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of operating performance or liquidity calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;)
 this measure should not be considered in isolation of
 or as a substitute for
 net income
 as an indicator of operating performance
 or net cash provided by operating activities as an indicator of liquidity.&#160; The use of Adjusted EBITDA instead of net income has limitations as an analytical tool
 including the inability to determine profitability; the exclusion of interest expense and associated cash requirements
 given the level of the Company&#8217;s indebtedness; and the exclusion of depreciation and amortization which represent significant and unavoidable operating costs
 given the capital expenditures needed to maintain the Company&#8217;s operations.&#160;&#160;We compensate for these limitations by relying on GAAP results.&#160;&#160;Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies. As Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain financial information compared with net income and net cash provided by operating activities
 the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures
 users of this financial information should consider the types of events and transactions which are excluded. The table above shows a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income.


















    














Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 a Washington corporation (the Company)
 is authorized to issue up to 57
467
271 shares of capital stock
 including 50
000
000 shares of Common Stock
 par value $0.005 per share
 and 7
467
271 shares of Preferred Stock
 par value $0.005 per share.





Each outstanding share of Common Stock entitles the holder to one vote
 either in person or by proxy
 on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders
 including the election of directors.


Shareholders of the Company have the right to cumulate votes with respect to all elections of directors held while the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the Exchange Act)
 if
 prior to the record date for the shareholder meeting at which such election is to be held
 the Company or a shareholder of the Company publicly announces that such shareholder
 together with its affiliates
 beneficially owns at least 30% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock
 or the Company has received any notice or information from a shareholder indicating that it has such beneficial ownership and neither the Company nor the shareholder has publicly announced that it has ceased to have such beneficial ownership. As of March 1
 2013
 Anheuser-Busch
 LLC
 was the beneficial owner of approximately 32% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock. Shareholders of the Company would also have the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors at any time that the Company is not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.


Holders of Common Stock are entitled to dividends when
 as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor (subject to the rights of holders of any Preferred Stock). In the event of any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company
 holders of Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in the assets of the Company remaining after provision for payment of amounts owed to creditors and preferences applicable to any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. All outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of Common Stock do not have preemptive rights except to the extent such rights are provided in a written agreement between a shareholder and the Company.


The rights
 preferences and privileges of holders of Common Stock are subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.





The Board of Directors of the Company is authorized to issue up to 7
467
271 shares of Preferred Stock
 par value $0.005 per share
 in one or more series
 without shareholder approval. As of March 1
 2013
 no shares of Preferred Stock were outstanding.


The Board of Directors is authorized to determine
 with respect to each series of Preferred Stock: (i) distinctive designations of such series and the number of shares which shall constitute such series; (ii) the annual dividend rate for such series
 and the date or dates from which dividends shall begin to accrue; (iii) the price at which
 and the terms and conditions on which
 the shares of such series may be redeemable; (iv) the purchase or sinking fund provisions
 if any
 for the purchase or redemption of shares of such series; (v) the preferential amount or amounts payable on shares of such series in the event of the liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company; (vi) the voting rights
 if any
 of shares of such series; (vii) the terms and conditions
 if any
 upon which shares of such series may be converted and the securities into which such shares may be converted; (viii) the relative seniority
 parity or junior rank of such series as to dividends or assets; and (ix) such other terms
 qualifications
 privileges
 limitations
 options
 restrictions and special or relative rights and preferences
 if any
 of shares of such series as the Board of Directors may
 at the time of such resolution
 lawfully fix and determine.
























As described above
 the Board of Directors is authorized to designate and issue shares of Preferred Stock in series and define all rights
 preferences and privileges applicable to such series. This authority may be used to make it more difficult or less economically beneficial to acquire or seek to acquire the Company.


The Board of Directors has the power to amend the Company's Bylaws
 which may also be amended by the shareholders.


Special meetings of the shareholders may be called by the Board of Directors
 by the Chairman of the Board
 by the President or
 at any time while the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 of the Exchange Act
 by one or more shareholders holding not less than 25% of all the shares entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be considered at that meeting.


The shareholders may
 at a special shareholders meeting called for the purpose of removing directors
 remove the entire Board of Directors or any lesser number
 with or without cause. If a director has been elected by one or more voting groups
 only those voting groups may participate in the vote as to removal. Also
 as long as cumulative voting is authorized
 a director may not be removed if a number of votes sufficient to elect such director under cumulative voting (computed on the basis of the number of votes actually cast at the meeting on the question of removal) is cast against such director&#8217;s removal.
















begin 644 chart.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!``$`8`!@``#__@`?3$5!1!496-H;F]L;V=I97,@26YC
M+B!6,2XP,0#_VP$``4%!0@%`P'!PP,0D)#`T
#`P
#0T-#0T-#0T-#0T-

M#0T-#0T-#?_$`:(```$%`0$!`0$!```````````!`@
$!08'`D*P$``P$!



G*TM/4U=;7
H*#A(6&
MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_``!$(`4P;`
!$0`$0$#$0'_V@`,
M`P$``A$#$0`_`/LN@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`S0`4`'2@`H`*`@`S0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`

@S:&6:6ZMI2ABNKLWFYF

MD!C\H(0N0/++.#0`NO\`@6X76KS7-$MH([Q]/06]P?+#_;3-
)V4-D+
]JRH

B&28
6DH`YK1?/B73FMKJ)#9R6T%O(8YXO+:+^UY)98IT9YE!%A(S

M-&6(2(;E4`RE\
^-+^:_FE%[;/=2)(DELC)*^FR1J$(:1&@EO2H16`94R6

%W)YMNMNT8%H\:0J)4N4F6=IG=A$R9
X:)4`
M*4_A_P`:?:I[Z

M2/&K6DTBW


M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`\
M2\7ZWK5OK


M;BF

PV^;YF'1@%`.07QGXOA\Z




1FDLX[IQ'E8$M+B%FD?2A?




:3`VH6Z
MWQR!(]PW_*P``



M^-M;6&Y!94FE@MS:'R


D







MOX-2=6GL%6*2^TR7R();:',3*!()MZ,?)NSI'+MN0B_*F2`:U]K^HZ%--O

M7B\H36








IG@L];FCM



MDLMQ





M`/Y4`(T:N

`0.Q`-`#MH`P`
#M0`N



MO1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]
M'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?
M_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]
M\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WR
MW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?
M_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\
M70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=
M`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`
M&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;
M;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN
M?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_
MO1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]
M'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?
M_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]
M\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WR
MW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?
M_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\70`;;G^]'_WRW_Q=`!MN?[T?_?+?_%T`&VY_O1_]\M_\

M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`
M4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`5;[_CWD_W
M&_\`030!:H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@
M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
M`@`H`*`*M]_Q[R?[C?^@F@U0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!
M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`0W
CPPO)&OF.B
RH6;F`)[CPNX\;CP
Y/`H`\[TGQ




Y+`D'

M-4;9

M0?\`LM`%F@`H`*`&21K*ICD`='!5E8`@@C!!!X((X(/!%`&-IWAK3-)@%I9V

9!*[EW8

M.VOY$\R74HV'BN&\B#^7
9
D

MM4K;:[B4BY_;
[_ZFRN6_P!\1QC_`

/MFJ/]
MRTCC_PNEP/Y(C?SH]IB'\-**_Q5/_D8L+OM^(;=7?\`BM(OHLLA_4H*+8E]
M:4?E*7ZQ#WO(7^S]1?[][M]HX(U_5BYH]E7?Q5K?X817Y\P6??\``/[#9O\`
M6W=V_P!)`@_*-%_G1]6;^*K5?_;RC_Z2D'+YL/\`A&[(_PL624_]-)I6_0O

XS5XL*V'J89J%:/*VKK5/3;HWV-BK.4*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`*M]_Q[R?[C?^@F@U0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%


6]
-NJ


!1]5@_BE4EZU)?HT'*O/[Q
MR^&]-7K`K?[Y9_\`T(FFL)07V$_6[_-L.5=BY'I-E#_JX(5^D:#^E;*A2C\-

M2O+7TLODD=N&Q]'#2?)0Y8M6TDW-Z]92TMY)+4WO`WA:;PI:RVT\B3-+-Y@*

M6DK#^_
5@7ZX;+D?\`K/V\Y_P:








N\-_P#P%_HS4TWQ
M)I^JMY5O*!

TOT




-M&2)YS<C9$XC8B.4DDJ[

0`;UTZR6KNA#*T;%2#D$%2001P01R*`+E`!0
M`4`%`!0!@:OXFL-#E2\=DDE5G151WRJ8W'Y5(&
]SD]@:PJ5H4=:CM?UZNQ

M'(K6

M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`&;=:Q9V1Q-
BM_=!W-_WRN6_2



;7?-%VN[;)WW9U];GF!0!F:EHMEJZA;V
M&.;'0L/F7W5QAU/NK`UMK.EK3DU^3]5L_F9SIQJ:32?Y_)[HPO[U'2^=)O
M&9!TM[T&:/Z+



MA\*2_/[SFJ8FM6TJ3DUVO:/_`(K+\#;K0Y`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
M`@`H`*`(;F(SQ/$%+HR@E0P&X$9*GA@

M8[I%BC=88ECE20Q01R2R-$)=FYPK[%=SL3`^8`JKX$O(U1DO(Q/:Q):V[FV)
#)/B<MYH9$W(@\H*7!`.U?3X[33A:+EDMX!&N20<1Q[025QDX


MRL7AIXKE49*

MDFK]3IIQGCH.I3GSUX:5*4M)I15HN#^VN5+^]ZGI*:G:Q8%]%+9D]&=G:(_[
MLR
4Q_O;:M8J
=*\94GW:O'Y35U]]CCO;22:9N16UM

M4E)7BTUW3NBO0D^PP^A_[[?_`.*J@#[##Z'_`+[?_P*H`/L,/H?^^W_`/BJ
M`#[##Z'_`+[?_P*H`/L
/H?^^W_`/BJ`#[##Z'_`+[?_P*H`/L,/H?^^W_
M`/BJ`#[##Z'_`+[?_P*H`/L
/H?^^W_`/BJ`#[##Z'_`+[?_P*H`/L,/H?
M^^W_`/BJ`#[##Z'_`+[?_P*H`/L
/H?^^W_`/BJ`#[##Z'_`+[?_P*H`/L
M,/H?^^W_`/BJ`#[##Z'_`+[?_P*H`/L

MLEL8.`


5E3_`+X0J




M`
(5;#[MUJ*?2]G_`*L:Z?9+HY?^!
\;Z[/K3HO_`+A0_P`AA\$Q]K_5%^EX

+_`%:E^\_N
M?B/_`&/_`*?K_P`%O_(YOQ9_PD%IIDLGEP18
?[RTGNFF7

M:RJ.HHO1+;X6[[^AWX.&#=:*3F_BTJ1@H?]WS/Y:;V.8\1ZYK
\\

M+&A+SI+*W+'_`%7FLJ(W'S

%A:
825*$W=V4)



M:'G2E*;YIMR?=MM_B3?88?0_]]O_`/%4R0^PP^A_[[?_`.*H`/L
/H?^^W_^
M*H`/L


M=)]AA]#_`-]O_P#%5RG0'V&'T/\`WV__`
50`?88?0_]]O\`_%4`'V&'T/\`
MWV__`





!&
MG456$Y)IWM96].]K:=Q*%G='8U[!H%`!0`4`8NH^)-
TD[;NYAB;^YO!D/TC

MIR'(_P!V
U'M&_@BWZ^ZOQ_R.GZI&G_O%:G#RB_:2^Z%U]\D'V;Q%?\`^MGM

6\?\`P%_I83^UM7TKC4;0740_Y;V)+''J

M_9IT+(
O&Q\N1

MI?L;^WU.$7%I(LT3$@
AR

M

M_.QBZ]..\X_)W_(J_P#:6,G%M'=W7_7&TG(_P^F15_6K^K37QN$?\`%.*_
M)LGV\?LJ4O2





G\\

MOU7=$UL


M_








M4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`%6^_X]Y/]QO_`$$T`6J`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`


M4&JK4U3DG#6$ES0?D^C\UL_

MI+$_9XI!\R






:7\TKR?WRO^`U%(V`,
M<NPH*`@`H`1F@DG`'))X``[F@-]$<C/XNCGD-MHT3ZG.IPQB(6WC/_32Y
M;]V

MD9

9?*^U(Z7Y23R`=TK&
4=^20,[/FQ@'OTH`GS<_W8O^^F_^
M(H`,W/\`=B_[Z;_XB@`S<_W8O^^F_P#B*`#-S_=B_P^F_\`B*`#-S_=B_[Z




MK3QGNXEJ%;I6MI+RJI?^EK7^9
Z32M9&M0_:+)HI$SM8%G5T8=4D0H&1QW5@


]89'B?_OI%&?\`@0(K

M&=BNT

MY/)15&2S.P`'J25P!1L-)MV2N^B6YRG_``ELU^YAT6W&H


MM_-DN;G^[%_WTW_Q%
D


M+_OIO_B*`#-S_=B_[Z;_`.(H`



MB_[Z;_XB@!0;C/*QX[_















MUHUV.I--76SV)*0PH`:Z+(I1P&5@001D$'@@@\$$=0:/(:;B[K1K:W0X=])O

MZ2G\





M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!YA\4KR&TM
M+

0?$J6Z0M#9`GR7O$5YI(

:`/1KRYC:S:7.$DC)7@_P`2DC@`XXH`
MF^WP_P!X_P#?+?X4`'V^'^\?^^6_PH`/M\/]X_\`?+?X4`'V^'^\?^^6_P`*


M%.6EL6(;'.Z6TY'\!S)/\`GF2O\%=]3]_#VZ^.-E47?HI_/:7GKU..'[F7




7.4?94TJ5/\`DAHG


MP_WC_P!\M_A0`?;X?[Q_[Y;_``H`/M\/]X_]\M_A0`?;X?[Q_P^6_PH`/M\
M/]X_]\M_A0`?;X?[Q_[Y;_@`^WP_P!X_P#?+?X4`'V^'^\?^^6_PH`/M\/]


M`'RW^%`!]OA_O'_OEO\`@`^WP_WC_WRW^%`!]OA_O'_`+Y;_@`^WP_WC_W
MRW^%`!]OA_O'_OEO\*`#[?#_`'C_`-\M_A0`?;X?[Q_[Y;_@`^WP_WC_P!\
MM_A0`?;X?[Q_[Y;_``H`/M\/]X_]\M_A0`?;X?[Q_P^6_PH`/M\/]X_]\M_


_5/#EAK

M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!D:YI*ZS:M;EC%(I$D


8_


Q[LQ)9F/)8DUSSFZDG.6[_JR\ELC:$53
MBH1T2_K[V7JS+@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`*M]_Q[R?[

_P#/.$':/[S;G/+5I6J*5J=/2G#2/GWD_.7X*R
Z4'&\Y_'+
M5^7:*\E_P3HZY3H@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@K??\

M`&-)Q9W&Z6P8]$/WI;3/^QDR0CO&2O\`!7?4_?P]NOCC95%WZ*?SVEYZ]3CA

M


MH/NGT]5L_
FE/G5I:2B[27G_`)/=&]7
;A0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%

IV4<:Q*$0!54!54#```P``.@`X`




CCAH)T
D_[^R?_`!5`!]C3^])_W]D_^*H`/L:?WI/^
M_LG_`,50`?8T_O2?]_9/_BJ`#[&G]Z3_`+^R?_%4`'V-/[TG_?V3_P*H`/L

M^*H`Y#7[$Z/
NN6OF
L87L:NY:2V'_+0?-DO;DEP/XDWKZ5W46JL7AIZ7=Z
M;?2?;TEMZV9R5$Z;]O'II-=X]_6._I='5PPPW++$[NCJ&5A*Y!5AD$'=T(.




MMAL98_D

M50`?8T_O2?\`?V3_`.*H`/L:?WI/^_LG_P`50`?8T_O2?]_9/_BJ`#[&G]Z3

M)_W]D_\`BJ`#[&G]Z3_O[)_\50`?8T_O2?\`?V3_`.*H`/L:?WI/^_LG_P`5

M%`!0`4`5;[_CWD_W&_\`030!:H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`$(#
M#!Y!X(-`'%Z23X;O?[&DXM+C=+8

M






M_&J1C_=C[\OPT7S9A[5R_A0;\W[L?QU^Y!_9&KZCSJ%Z+:
]8;%-A^AN)-TG






M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`/

M`LJK



;H`-US_=C_`.^V_P#C


MNSS5\L8)`$+%0WS1X&41P
`5[#H3Q5-5XJT]FGISVTYEYM;]VCS%5CAINC
M)^YNG_)?[+\NW9

MNN?[L?\`WVW_`



;H`-US_=C_`.^V


MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`

M=J2L=Q`'3(YQ)'N4$#.#@\_SH`N?;X/[WZ-_A0`?;X/[WZ-_A0`?;X/[WZ-_
MA0`?;X/[WZ-_A0`?;X/[WZ-_A0`?;X/[WZ-_A0`?;X/[WZ-_A0`?;X/[WZ-_


M`!]O@_O?HW^%`!]O@_O?HW^%`!]O@_O?HW^%`!]O@_O?HW^%`!]O@_O?HW^%


20%50220`
F@#FQXYTOY=[2Q@DB0O!*HMF#-&%NB


I#*PG9O+_`'=N



M*Z
@



_G0`Z@`H`*`@#F[[Q9I^FSO;W
M+21^4#ND\F4P[Q'YQA$H0HTQB'F)26*\`%OEH`;!XOTR8Q)YC127'GXCDCD
M1T^S!FG$JLH\KRPISOV[NFX'-`%[1M=M==C:6T+CRVLLD;Q.-RJZ-LD56V
MR1LKHV

I]00`#8H`*`@`H`:J!,XXW')^O`_I0`Z@`H`*`@#DY?&NG1/)&
M?/+Q-M11;S$SL)/*86PV?O\`9)\KF/(7[Q.SYJ`+=OXKTRY8I%.&V6JWC':X

N54*P+;E(H`W;2[BOX([JW8/#
BR1L
@
C
M@


M

MYME$

D;E%A)'EK)(`Y.PH`/T[P!%IU_!JSL[6ZC):*/S7?

MY*[K?*CYXI^-QER.7C8L%$60G%`$D7A!&B1+J=YW
0VR;H-C/Y<1S
M(5DA6-W38%C)9C*6

M`'`H`T=(TY=(LX;%6
C!)
`N5=6QE





M$(Z.54E@C*V





MGH
Y)`R:`(4



M6S[4`-EEMX)H[9]1E$LZED7?;DE`C2%SB'Y8]J



@%
M`&G0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`5[O\`U$G^XW_H)H`R=+U6R6S@!N(01#&/-3^XO\`M4`7O[7LO^?B#_OZ

UTPKU*2Y8.RWV3_-&$J4
M)OFDM?5K\F8




@G:62]LF1I3(52*)&E
M#7D=YMNG




D


K


MW:(HZY$5M+%)&K;I2S/:S`]\@9'(!RT?@[2[7R?LU[9IY*0QLKPVTB
(XD





D
CD288I&H55#!P&;PTB
MVWV*UUB&.&6.&*Y61(I3.DB)1O\Y6C

H!#-X%T^:(1_P!HVR/&T0BD2.)&2.%955CL
1_F?
R_:U;S/*N(6=2ET0J
R_Y^(/^_J?_


\FL*

1R;S]GNA*DL7F
M@[)5D\^-E^ZBDL6].

`GCV`-.

+LC`%9




4

JI;7MK`H(!7RX&0*(K
M-&


M``!@`````0```&`````!````4&%I;G0N3D54('8U+C`P`/_;`$
``@$!`0$!
M`@$!`0(`@(!`
`@(!00$`P0&!08&!@4&!@8'0@&!PD'!@8(P@)@H*
M@H&`L,PH
0H*O_;`$
!`@(`@(!0

M@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*O_``!$(`%\
M)@
!(@`$0$#$0'_Q``?```!!0$!`0$!`0```````````0(#!`4&!P@)@O_
MQ`U$```0
#`@0#!04$!````7T!`@
`!!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
H&1H0@C
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X
M^?K_Q``?`0`#`0$!`0$!`0$!`````````0(#!`4&!P@)@O_Q`U$0``0($
M!`





SCDRA?^^MF*`/K6BO




L/



M7G.7I./)4D]M7&'9-I6E:UUHV?J-HO[56E:UXHGTC31I-[80Z#]JCO[35XV

?FALU!.4=P

&?%.B^,=#M
MO$OAO4([NQO(1+:W,3`K(AZ,#W%:*DD<U^97[&W_``50^_Q#^(GAIOC4UWX





O%VIVNH^()+NWT33R$

MC1P&%E*+M:45Y[.4VV]O\SRO6/@Q\
61O#.EZAXH&



&/#][<6?AC0+EX--LI8R5N'!YN00



&/$7@AM/\!73_9]-
MUHG

M(3=-WL?#9QP_FV03A''4W!S5UU^7JNJZ%JBBBN@\8****`$5MW:O&_VOOV^?

MEOQ[_P`%9O\`@N?JO@GXQMJ+_##0KJYBAN;*7


9Y_&?Q9^/]Q?7V@^$=(DUC



EO)
J&=&+-C@]CWKVW7_P!C
M+]B36/CQXE_9CT_X/^



MO7.
UX_^TU^TWK'P1U'PUX
\$?#^;Q-XE\67CP:5ID
R1J0D;2.[
S*``J'O


M:-:ETCPXFLZA






MI)??#O3Y;4'#1I


M34K2Q:0S1PW;(R&958##88G/K7D/[5'QS^/OC;X+VOPI_:6^'%^GB73/$4U_
M!K\EIY8:*1(U9&Z[CE#SZ8K]%X_^A)^*WC6TL=)\;1^M)CTF26\EOK
2L]

@#!K:^&?[
M8OQ!^-?QUTKPI^R5+8^#?@W\/]0C36=4GMA_Q




M?2I;C5%/_(

MZOHLEA$+&5#B
*S-(2P226

O[/O_!;7P1JOB+Q=\)_AC\!+'29_`=HCZI86-K&%+L4AB`^\Q`)YP.




M[]IGX=&3XD_L?Z7XBTCQ!%:6NFYM8W9VNU55W,XH5+@$AC@BOS#O\`P;X2
ML+'4O$?A?Q'J







MGB/Q)'J6J07DGVRX@D
T=U(&(

MR2K=N6;4[M!N6V0-][+8![=17S&9N.



1
*_#WC/1-:U
M7PAKGAU[*\TV5_MMM*/+9=IVCY!G.





DB

A@1U!






XB<9#*P

-I


M2_V:+#3M=M0OB/Q`JZCKK'JCN









M1S8_/
1C\
J




HRN.&HXB%6

OV0-=UCXN^'?AY\4K^+38==266$VEPDKGR]N4
M.


J+&WC4



MWCW1_P!I']@#XH6OA:6XU&&3QIX%O2LEL\6X%V$+YY';T/2OCOX??`+X&ZQ\


M\%ES8VDFN7U\I
2?#A)9N
C8FHHQ_05\EZ-\-O#MM\)M6T;P=I\%REUIHU+2
MW0DA(FP9&0@\LHYQ7UW_`



M6T;V7ER$N[1#@(HP`QP


V:N


.#




_9T6]_P-^'L'/&YM2BFDDTVW%R22UU2

M\



M]_S7$KB::AA*MH4=(SOR.59JT81;6EMY:7Z+J?9?QG\5_P#!/3XC07?[#7B/




1'`S+%:1R+&=W7G++\WKBOO/]K']G+P__P`%%_AM
MH'[8_PRC+:IK4T`@URQN)Q&/EY(D/\`RDD'CD$=
5E-QQU&U)6Y=EY=?Q/


M?!WQ'?PY'X3U3
EREKKBR-;7'3S$']TX&17Z#0RQ3*KQN&4KD
#P17O8!OZM





FL_
M\)P;IDFT;^TQ]E$0Y$HF\KOG&W';K0!^T?Q.^)_@+X-^!=3^)GQ.\4V6BZ#H

M6E;38Y=DLB+]YD5L%P.ORYXYK\[OB'_P6T_9P_X*N_\`!&_XZ^(_'7P8UO1V

G@GQ


27RSG<\+X^4=*`/T_




MP16&)P]/%4)4I[

XO=4O$MK6
9+.QP/\:_(\

IOW91OZ=T_3J?8_P#P1A_9`E_:)^/'_U_
M%EFDOAKP9*LK12IE9[L\HH['`&3]17[5H@R!MXQR!7CW[/[
6C?LH_LY:%\
M






MGB*.52UU*`D%Q*6^4
1T);'KUKXKOK/]L']E+Q_H

MOH9'D=H8XE8-C[H2),#%?LMX\^'?@[XF:?#'CC0X=0L3/'
;:X0



M9(]+T6PTRQT/1_'VE1:+;WEN/-ETJ'*O++CKN&-WUK[]\7_L+_#WQ-I?AR#X




2BDY.T!







Z+
MIQU\H5'X?^
?CG0Y?&.CV?['/Q/
?BF[:3RQH:91#86]IM+&3`.82W!Z
*^1


9B

M5_\`!;XV_'KQ7J^E_$C]HE[::ZM+6?4K#0K9YB\=S+&B2.S
FZ

M&_B]^R[H?@J]\6_@32&U+3=:\3VMM;^,[&]\V_#2;7@D3:#%(#@@9;(SSQ


M

@9YZ5^;W[;_\`P3Q_;0_;`^
LWCGQ.V@S


^



]ZX



M@G]J_P`
ZC\//$$DB:CX4N)0!L;.TJ=Q`8`D=.17PU:?\$=/VXK4P6EU\(I[

?O*UA6K0

JQ


%#,`$#$<]0*_I$TC_@W8_X)0^'=)U;1]!_9
MU%I#K6EM8:AY&IR*9(6SD9'0\GGK5#PK_P`&W/\`P27\$RF]\-?L^SVUT;.:
MV^TKK
V_9+&T;\YSDJ[#\:`/YI_B/JWAW]B[7=)^*'[$_PTM'K?A[Q3!/'/
MI$T1AN[5`X+6U_!EE96^7&'.=IZ5];_M@_$7]F_]O3X2?`N^\?\`CP^%/Q9


M-KXR\.)\*]=@FO;NV%U=:;;V]A




GPL\1?
M'X+_`32]'TGQ98R6FOR11@W-WZ[2CS8WD8[9XH`_EQ_P9DW[+6I_MZ_#





M/[&7@S]M#X.3_#OQ!(+74;=O/T74POS6\XZ?\!/0CT)KY=_X)Y?\$9];_9U^




\H_WJ41X'6G


MI:*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#__
!V3\_
`
end















      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      



    


    




        


        




    


    




        


        




  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  




  


  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $12.4 million
 $11.9 million and $9.5 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Advertising expenses are included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses and frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling



  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  

  

  


  

 Cost of Acquired Entity

  

  

  

  

  

  


 2010 are as follows (in thousands
 except per share amounts):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;128
260&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2


 Purchase Price Allocation
 Assets Acquired (Liabilities Assumed)

  


  

  

 Purchase Price Allocation

  

  

  

  

  

 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable

  

 Cost of Acquired Entity

  

 Cost of Acquired Entity

  

  


  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  





  


  


  


 restaurant and production facilities
 warehouse and storage space
 land and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2047. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require us to pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property. Under the terms of the land lease for our New Hampshire Brewery
 we hold a first right of refusal to purchase the property should the lessor decide to sell the property.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31
 2012 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
303&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
006&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;983&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;866&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 18px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;759&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11
824&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16
741&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Rent expense under all operating leases
 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 65%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 33%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 65%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 65%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Rent expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
665&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2
759&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 4.15pt;&gt;2
356&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We sub-lease corporate office space to an unrelated party pursuant to a 5-year lease that began in February 2011. The lessee also leased this space pursuant to a previous lease agreement in 2010 and 2009. The lessee may renew the lease for two additional five-year periods. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Rental income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;254&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;242&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;193&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31
 2012 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 87%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width: 10%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;261&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;269&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;277&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;830&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies
 both of whose members include our current Board Chair and a nonexecutive officer. Lease payments to these lessors were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;125&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;122&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;124&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The lease for the headquarters office space and restaurant facility expires in 2034
 with an extension at our option for two 10-year periods
 while the lease for the other facilities
 land and equipment expires in 2017 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. We hold a right to purchase the headquarters office space and restaurant facility at the greater of $2.0 million or the fair market value of the property as determined by a contractually established appraisal method. The right to purchase is not valid in the final year of the lease term or in each of the final years of the renewal terms
 as applicable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All lease terms are considered to be arm's-length transactions.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020
 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. Lease payments to this lessor were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31

 we have entered into purchase commitments and commodity contracts to ensure we have the necessary supply of malt and hops to meet future production requirements. Certain of the malt and hop commitments are for crop years through 2015. We believe that malt and hop commitments in excess of future requirements
 if any
 will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may take delivery of the commodities in excess of our requirements or make payments against the purchase commitments earlier than contractually obligated
 which means our cash outlays in any particular year may exceed or be less than the commitment amount disclosed.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;In certain cases
 we have executed agreements with selected vendors to source our requirements for specific malt varieties for the years ending December 31
 2013
 2014
&amp;#160;2015&amp;#160;and 2016; however
 either the quantity to be delivered or the full price for the commodity has not been established at the present time. To the extent the commitment is not measurable or has not been fixed
 that portion of the commitment has been excluded from the table below.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We have entered into multi-year sponsorship and promotional commitments with certain professional sports teams and entertainment companies. Generally
 in exchange for our sponsorship consideration
 we post signage and provide other promotional materials at the site or the event. In certain instances
 we are granted an exclusive right to provide the craft beer products at the site or event. The terms of these sponsorship commitments expire at various dates May 31

 2012 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Purchase&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Obligations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Sponsorship&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Obligations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16
331&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
241&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;18
572&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
260&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
461&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; height: 16px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
609&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;319&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
928&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff; height: 13px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;584&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;169&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;753&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; height: 15px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;33&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;33&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff; height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 63%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;20
758&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
989&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;24






 Shares

  

 Shares

  

 Shares

  

 Shares

  

 Shares

  

 Shares

  

 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 18
874
256 and 18
844

  

 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 18
874
256 and 18
844

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


 limited by IRS regulations. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we matched 50 percent of the employee's contributions up to 6% of eligible compensation. Eligibility for the matching contribution in all years began after the participant had worked a minimum of three months. Our matching contributions to the plan vest ratably over five years of service by the employee. We recognized expense associated with matching contributions as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31



 net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate forfeitures of stock based awards based on historical experience and expected future activity.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence


 Net of Tax

  

 Net of Tax

  

 Net of Tax

  

  


 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers



  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Term loan
 due July 1
 2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11
822&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;12
240&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Line of credit
 due September 30
 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Promissory notes payable to related parties
 all due July 1
 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Premium on promissory notes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;298&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;404&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Note with affiliated party
 due November 15
 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;346&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;519&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Capital lease obligations for equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;21&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;13
082&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;13
784&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;642&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;596&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;12
440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;13
188&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Required principal payments on outstanding debt obligations as of December 31
 2012 for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Term Loan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Promissory&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Notes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Note with&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Related&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Party&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Capital&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Lease&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Obligations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;456&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;181&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;486&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;165&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;516&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;549&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;588&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 51%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;9
227&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11
822&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;346&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 51%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amount representing interest&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 51%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11

 the Loan Agreement) with Bank of America
 N.A. (BofA)
 which is presently comprised of a $22.0 million revolving line of credit (Line of Credit)
 including provisions for cash borrowings
 and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
 and a Term Loan with a current balance of $11.8 million. We may draw upon the Line of Credit for working capital and general corporate purposes.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;With the May 2
 2011 receipt of $15.3 million in cash
 including reimbursements
 related to the sale of our interest in FSB as discussed in Note 7
 we repaid the outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit and had no borrowings outstanding under the Line of Credit at December 31
 2012 or 2011.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Under the Loan Agreement
 we may select either the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or the Inter-Bank Offered Rate (IBOR) (each
 a Benchmark Rate) as the basis for calculating interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Line of Credit. Interest accrues at an annual rate equal to the Benchmark Rate plus a marginal rate. We may select different Benchmark Rates for different tranches of borrowings under the Line of Credit. The marginal rate varies from 1.00% to 2.25% based on our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2012
 our marginal rate was 1.00%. LIBOR rates may be selected for one
 two
 three or six-month periods
 and IBOR rates may be selected for no shorter than 14 days and no longer than six months. Accrued interest for the Line of Credit is due and payable monthly.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Under the Loan Agreement a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2012
 the quarterly fee was 0.15% and the fee totaled the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -5.4pt;&gt;Loan Agreement fee&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;34&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;29&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;29&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;An annual fee is payable in advance on the notional amount of each standby letter of credit issued and outstanding multiplied by an applicable rate ranging from 1.00% to 2.00%. We have had no letters of credit outstanding during 2012
 2011 or 2010.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Interest on the Term Loan accrues on the outstanding principal balance in the same manner as provided for under the Line of Credit
 as established under the LIBOR one-month Benchmark Rate. The interest rate on the Term Loan was 1.21% as of December 31
 2012. Accrued interest for the Term Loan is due and payable monthly. Principal payments are due monthly in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement
 with any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest due and payable on July 1
 2018.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We were in compliance with all applicable contractual financial covenants at December 31
 2012. These financial covenants under the Loan Agreement are measured on a trailing four-quarter basis.&amp;#160;We are required to maintain a funded debt ratio of up to 3.0 to 1 and a fixed charge coverage ratio above 1.25 to 1.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of our personal property and by certain real property (Collateral). In addition
 we are restricted in our ability to declare or pay dividends
 repurchase outstanding common stock

 Oregon brewery. These notes were separately executed with three individuals
 but with substantially the same terms and conditions. Each promissory note is secured by a deed of trust on the commercial real estate. The outstanding note balance to each lender as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $200
000
 with each note bearing a fixed interest rate of 24% per annum through June 30
 2010
 after which time the rate increased to 27.8% per annum as a result of a one-time adjustment reflecting the change in the consumer price index from the date of issue
 July 1
 2005
 to July 1
 2010. The promissory notes are carried at the total of stated value plus a premium reflecting the difference between our incremental borrowing rate and the stated note rate. The effective interest rate for each note is 6.31%. Each note matures on the earlier of the individual lender's death or July 1
 2015

 we assumed an obligation for a promissory note payable (Related Party Note) to a counterparty that was a significant KBC shareholder and remains a shareholder of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. The Related Party Note is secured by the equipment comprising a photovoltaic cell generation system (photovoltaic system) installed at our brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. Accrued interest on the Related Party Note is due and payable monthly at a fixed interest rate of 4.75%
 with monthly loan payments of $16
129. Any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under the Related Party Note will be due and payable on November 15
 2014. The photovoltaic system was eligible for certain federal grants and state tax credits


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  





  

  

  

  

  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


824&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
518&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Prepaid property taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;200&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;315&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;299&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;192&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Income tax receivable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;791&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
809&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2



  


  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  

 Property

  

 Property

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 transfer and
 when possible
 eliminate such exposures. Operating decisions contemplate associated risks and management strives to structure proposed transactions to avoid or reduce risk whenever possible.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We have assessed our vulnerability to certain business and financial risks
 including interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 we entered into a five-year interest rate swap contract with BofA with a total notional value of $8.9 million as of December 31
 2012 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings under our Term Loan with BofA. Through this swap agreement
 we pay interest at a fixed rate of 4.48% and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
 which was 0.21% at December 31
 2012. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 it qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. As of December 31
 2012
 unrealized net losses of $219
000 were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a result of this hedge. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reclassified into Interest expense in the same period during which we record Interest expense associated with the Term Loan. There was no hedge ineffectiveness recognized during 2012
 2011 or 2010.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The interest rate swap contract is secured by substantially all of our personal property and by the real properties located at 924 North Russell Street
 Portland
 Oregon and 14300 NE 145th Street
 Woodinville
 Washington (collateral) under the Loan Agreement with BofA.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The effect of our interest rate swap contracts that are accounted for as derivative instruments on our Consolidated Statements of Income for 2012
 2011 and 2010 was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Accumulated OCI (Effective Portion)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Location of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income (Effective Portion)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income (Effective Portion)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;353&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -10.8pt;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;387&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;277&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -10.8pt;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;400&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(81&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -10.8pt;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;410&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Derivatives Not in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Location of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;N/A&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;N/A&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Interest and other income



 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2012-02
 Intangibles &amp;#8211; Goodwill and Other: Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment, which permits an entity to make a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset
 other than goodwill
 is impaired. Entities are required to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually and more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. If an entity concludes
 based on an evaluation of all relevant qualitative factors
 that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 it is not required to perform the quantitative impairment test for that asset. Because the qualitative assessment is optional
 an entity is permitted to bypass it for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and apply the quantitative test. ASU 2012-02 also permits the entity to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. ASU 2012-02 is effective for impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2012-02 in the fourth quarter of 2012 did not have any effect on our financial position

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. Under ASU 2013-02
 an entity is required to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the financial statements or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of AOCI by the respective line items of net income
 but only if the amount reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety in the same reporting period. For amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional details about those amounts. ASU 2013-02 does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in the financial statements. ASU 2013-02 is effective for us on January 1




 subject to certain limitations
 employees and directors may be granted options to purchase our common stock at the market price on the date the option is granted. All of our stock plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 which determines the grantees
 the number of shares of common stock for which options are exercisable and the exercise prices of such shares
 among other terms and conditions of stock-based awards under our stock-based plans.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;With the approval of the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan) in May 2010
 no further grants of stock-based awards may be made under our 2002 Stock Option Plan (the 2002 Plan) or our 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Plan); however

 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance awards and stock appreciation rights. While incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
 awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees and non-employee directors. Options granted to our employees generally vest over a five-year period. Vested options are generally exercisable for ten years from the date of grant. A maximum of 750
000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the 2010 Plan. As of December 31
 2012
 there were 325
157 shares available for future awards pursuant to the 2010 Plan
 assuming all 172



 except per share amounts):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Weighted average per share fair value of stock options granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4.84&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5.99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2.68&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Intrinsic value of stock options exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;40&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;60&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;252&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Intrinsic value of fully-vested stock awards granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;366&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;243&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;61&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Stock-based compensation expense was recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expense.....&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;547&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;467&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We amortize stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the individual awards
 which is the requisite service period
 with estimated forfeitures considered.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;At December 31
 2012
 we had total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of $1.2 million&amp;#160;which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of 3.2 years.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The following weighted average assumptions were utilized in determining fair value pursuant to the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31

 2012 was as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;252
240&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4.30&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 27pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;123
525&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;7.62&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 27pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(6
500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2.02&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 27pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2.02&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;368
665&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5.46&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 18.5pt;&gt;Certain information regarding options outstanding as of December 31
 2012 was as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Exercisable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Number&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;368
665&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;111
328&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Weighted average exercise price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5.46&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3.49&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Aggregate intrinsic value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;664
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;366

 we granted performance-based stock awards covering 104
865 shares and 67
530 shares
 respectively
 of our common stock to selected executives with vesting contingent upon meeting various company-wide performance goals. The performance goals are tied to target amounts of adjusted EBITDA and net sales for the three fiscal years ending December 31
 2014 and 2013. The awards earned on the 2012 grant will range from zero to one hundred twenty five percent of the targeted number of performance shares for the performance period ending March 31
 2015. The awards earned on the 2011 grant will range from zero to one hundred percent of the targeted number of performance shares for the performance period ending March 31
 2014. Awards
 if earned

 each non-employee director receives an annual grant of shares of our common stock with a fair value of $25
000 upon election at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Accordingly
 on May 14
 2012
 our Board of Directors approved an annual grant of 3
277 shares of fully-vested common stock to each of our seven non-employee directors for a total of 22


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 Basic and Diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The following table reconciles shares used for basic and diluted EPS and provides certain other information (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -4.3pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares for basic EPS&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
862&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
834&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;17
523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -4.3pt;&gt;Dilutive effect of stock-based awards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;72&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -4.3pt;&gt;Shares used for diluted EPS&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
934&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
931&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;17


  

 Convertible

  


  


  

  

  


  


  


  


 LLC (FSB)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;On May 2
 2011
 we sold our 42% interest in FSB for $16.3 million
 net of transaction fees. Proceeds consisted of $15.1 million received in cash and $1.2 million placed in escrow. The escrow balance was intended to satisfy valid claims
 if any
&amp;#160;asserted by A-B during the 18 months following the closing date in connection with breaches of representations and warranties made by us in the Purchase Agreement. Of the $1.2 million escrow balance
 $0.4 million had been collected as of December 31
 2011 and $0.8 million was included in accounts receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31
 2011
 and collected during 2012. We recorded a gain of $10.4 million in 2011&amp;#160;associated with the sale of our equity interest in FSB.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We recognized $691
000 in 2011 for our share of FSB's earnings through the Closing Date and $696
000 in 2010. The book value of our equity investment in FSB was $5.9 million as of&amp;#160; May 2


  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates
 prepayment speeds and credit risk; and&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr valign=top&gt;&lt;td align=right style=width: 36pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources

 2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 52%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Derivative financial instrument&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;219&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;219&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 52%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 52%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Fair Value at December 31
 2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 52%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Derivative financial instrument&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;572&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;572&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The fair value of our interest rate swap is based on quarterly statements from the issuing bank. There were no changes to our valuation techniques during 2012
 2011 or 2010.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We believe the carrying amounts of Cash
 Accounts receivable

&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Fixed-rate debt on balance sheet&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;1
260&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;1
544&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Fair value of fixed-rate debt&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;1
275&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;1





&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Fixed-rate debt on balance sheet&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;1
260&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;1
544&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Fair value of fixed-rate debt&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;1
275&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;1



 2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 52%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Derivative financial instrument&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;219&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;219&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 52%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 52%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Fair Value at December 31



  


  

 Amortization Expense

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

 Amortization Expense

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

 Amortization Expense

  

 Amortization Expense

  

  

 Amortization Expense

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired



&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Trademarks and domain name&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;14
429&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;14
429&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Recipes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;700&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;700&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Distributor agreements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(660&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(513&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
540&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
687&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;540&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(198&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(210&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;242&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;330&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 13px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Favorable contracts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;153&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(30&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(147&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;280&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;280&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(236&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(223&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;44&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;57&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16
956&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17
209&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Promotional merchandise&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;606&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;780&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17
562&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17
989&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Amortization expense was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -5.4pt;&gt;Amortization expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;253&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;292&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;312&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Estimated amortization expense to be recorded for the next five fiscal years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 89%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;249&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 89%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;248&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 89%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;223&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 89%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;149&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 89%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;149&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 89%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;809&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 89%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1


 Goodwill




  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 Extraordinary Items

  

 Extraordinary Items

  

 Extraordinary Items

  


  


  


  


&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Current&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;493&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;18&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
458&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5
025&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
082&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
951&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
041&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Income tax expense differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Provision at U.S. statutory rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
522&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5
335&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;947&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;State taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;148&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;567&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;119&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Permanent differences
 primarily meals and entertainment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;232&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;266&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;213&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Merger expenses and true up of merger treatment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;135&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Tax credits&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(104&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(127&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(214&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Increase to deferred tax liability tax rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;153&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Release of valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
951&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
041&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Net operating losses and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;711&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
059&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accrued salaries and severance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;988&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;975&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;828&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;766&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
527&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
800&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(11
843&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(11
369&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(6
422&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(6
450&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Equity investments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(251&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(168&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(46&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(18
433&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(18
116&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(15
906&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(14
316&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 included in our net operating losses and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of $0.7 million are the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;State NOLs
 tax effected&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;73&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 5.7pt;&gt;Federal and state alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;609&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 5.7pt;&gt;Federal insurance contributions act (FICA) credit carryforwards
 tax effected&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;29&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;During 2012
 the portion of the net operating loss attributable to stock option exercises was utilized. This utilization resulted in a credit to shareholders' equity of $379
000.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Among other factors
 in assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 we consider future taxable income expected to be generated by the projected differences between financial statement depreciation and tax depreciation
 cumulative earnings generated to date and other evidence available to us. Based upon this consideration
 we assessed that all of our deferred taxes are more likely than not to be realized
 and
 as such
 we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of December 31
 2012 or 2011. During 2010
 we released our remaining valuation allowance of $100
000
 which was recorded as an offset to our tax provision.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31
 2012 or 2011 and we do not anticipate significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Our major tax jurisdictions include U.S. federal and various U.S. states. Tax years that remain open for examination by the IRS include the years from 2009 through 2012. Tax years remaining open in states where we have a significant presence range from 2008 to 2012. In addition


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  

  

  


  


  


  


 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We recognize the benefits of tax return positions when it is determined that the positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. At December 31
 2012 and 2011



  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 including definite-lived intangible assets
 when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows in addition to other quantitative and qualitative analyses. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2012



  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
 beverages and supplies are stated at the lower of cost or market.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product's carrying value


  

  

  

  


497&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Work in process&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
829&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
263&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
128&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Packaging materials&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;544&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;558&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Promotional merchandise&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;967&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Pub food
 beverages and supplies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;341&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;186&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;9


  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  


  


  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  



 2010
 we completed a merger (the KBC Merger) by acquiring all outstanding shares of Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc.'s (KBC) common stock in exchange for $6.2 million in cash and the issuance of 1
667
000 shares of our common stock with a value of $11.7 million to former KBC shareholders.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We believe that the combined entity&amp;#160;has been&amp;#160;able to secure advantages beyond those that had already been achieved in our long-term strategic relationship with KBC in supporting its brand family of products. This acquisition has increased the breadth and variety of our brand offerings
 creating favorable selling opportunities in additional lucrative markets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We incurred merger-related expenses
 including legal
 consulting
 accounting and other professional fees
 and severance costs of $559
000
 which are reflected in Merger-related expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31
 2010.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The acquisition of KBC was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 which requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date measured at their fair values. The excess of the consideration transferred and the acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interest held in Kona over the fair value of net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. The following table summarizes the consideration paid (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Fair value of common stock issued&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11
702&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Cash consideration paid&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
237&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17
939&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Fair value of equity interest in Kona held at acquisition date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Total consideration&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;19
139&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The fair value of our common stock issued was computed by multiplying the number of shares of common stock issued by $7.02
 the closing price of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq as of the date of the acquisition.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The carrying value of our 20% equity interest in Kona was $1.1 million on the acquisition date and we recognized a gain of $91
000 as a result of measuring Kona at fair value. The gain is included in Other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31
 2010.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Current assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4
858&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4
174&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Trade name and trademarks&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4
600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total assets acquired&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;14
072&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4
091&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Interest bearing liabilities and other long-term liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
476&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Deferred income tax liabilities
 net and other non-current liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
283&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total liabilities assumed&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;7
850&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net assets acquired&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
222&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Goodwill recorded&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;12
917&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The KBC Merger was structured as a stock purchase and
 therefore
 the values assigned to the trade name and trademarks
 non-compete agreements and goodwill are not deductible for tax purposes.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Prior to the acquisition date
 we accounted for our 20% equity ownership interest in Kona under the equity method of accounting. Upon completion of the business combination
 we consolidated the operations of KBC. Our results of operations included net sales of $3.2 million and net income of $309
000 attributable to KBC for the period from October 1
 2010 to December 31
 2010. Net income attributable to KBC for the period includes the effect of acquisition accounting adjustments
 primarily amortization of intangible assets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;As a result of the KBC Merger
 KBC became a wholly owned subsidiary and
 accordingly
 KBC's results of operations are included in our consolidated results of operations from October 1
 2010. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 our share of KBC's net income prior to the KBC Merger was $146
000.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Unaudited pro forma results of operations as if the KBC Merger had occurred on January&amp;#160;1
 2010 are as follows (in thousands
 except per share amounts):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;128
260&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2



  


 Inc. was formed in 1981 to brew and sell craft beer. We produce
 sell and market on a national basis innovative bottled and draft products for the Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;Omission brands at our five company-owned breweries and operate five pubs that promote our products
 offer dining and entertainment facilities and sell retail merchandise. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol BREW.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Our products are distributed domestically in all 50 states. This national footprint was established primarily through a series of distribution agreements with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (A-B)
 a significant shareholder. In 2004
 we and A-B entered into three agreements
 an exchange and recapitalization agreement (as amended
 the Exchange Agreement)
 a master distributor agreement (as amended
 the A-B Distributor Agreement) and a registration rights agreement that collectively constitute the framework of our existing relationship with A-B.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Under the present terms of the A-B Distributor Agreement
 we distribute our products in substantially all of our markets through A-B's seamless national wholesale distributor network. Our agreement with A-B initially allowed us to establish relationships nationwide&amp;#160;with&amp;#160;these wholesalers. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe&amp;#160;that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers&amp;#160;own the exclusive right to&amp;#160;distribute our beers in their respective markets if&amp;#160;the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated A-B's domestic&amp;#160;wholesaler network consists primarily of independent wholesalers
 together with owned branches. The A-B Distributor Agreement is subject to early termination
 by either party
 upon the occurrence of certain events. The A-B Distributor Agreement expires December 31
 2018
 but may be renewed automatically for an additional ten-year period unless A-B provides written notice to the contrary on or prior to June 30




  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  


  

  

  

  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  

  

  

  

 Future Minimum Payments

  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  

 Future Minimum Payments

  

 Future Minimum Payments Due

  

 Future Minimum Payments

  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  


  

 Future Minimum Payments

  


  

  

  


824&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
518&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Prepaid property taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;200&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;315&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;299&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;192&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Income tax receivable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;791&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
809&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2


  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

  

  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


 Gross profit
 Operating income



  


  


  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost reduced by proceeds received under applicable cash grants
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;30 &amp;#8211; 50 years&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;10 &amp;#8211; 25 years&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Furniture


 equipment and leasehold improvements

  

 equipment and leasehold improvements

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  



 equipment and leasehold improvements is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;30 &amp;#8211; 50 years&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;10 &amp;#8211; 25 years&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Furniture




 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements consisted of the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;87
664&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;82
481&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;53
236&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;52
729&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Land and improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7
598&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7
598&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7
121&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
187&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
196&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5
644&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;135&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;135&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;4
546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
104&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;166
496&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;157
878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 14px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;63
644&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;57
153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;102
852&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;100


  


 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Activity related to our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial in 2012



 2012 and 2011

 we modified two agreements with A-B originally executed in 2004: the Master Distributor Agreement (as amended and restated
 the A-B Distributor Agreement)
 which was amended primarily to lower our margin fees (Margin Fees) to be paid to A-B; and the Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement (as amended and restated
 the Exchange Agreement).&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The modifications to the A-B Distributor Agreement reduced the Margin Fees to be paid to A-B for beer sold through A-B or the associated A-B distribution network
 except for beer sold in qualifying territories
 as defined
 from May 1
 2011 (the Commencement Date) until December 31
 2018
 to $0.25 per case equivalent from $0.74 per case equivalent. Beer sold through A-B or the associated A-B distribution network in qualifying territories
 as defined
 will be exempt from Margin Fees until September 30
 2013
 and thereafter will be assessed Margin Fees at the $0.25 per case equivalent through December 31
 2018. The exemption from Margin Fees for beer sold in the qualifying territories is subject to certain conditions
 including incurring sales and marketing expenses in the qualifying territories at or above specified amounts. In the event the A-B Distributor Agreement is renewed beyond December 31
 2018
 the A-B Distributor Agreement sets Margin Fees to be paid to A-B for the period beginning January 1
 2019 and ending December 31
 2028
 at $0.75 per case equivalent. The A-B Distributor Agreement no longer provides for the incremental fees that were previously paid to A-B for shipments above the volume of shipments during 2003.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;If we purchase additional beer brands

&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Gross sales to A-B&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;149
492&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;132
914&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;119
885&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Margin fee paid to A-B
 classified as a reduction of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
864&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
777&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5
589&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Sales to FSB through a contract brewing arrangement
 classified in Sales&lt;font style=display: inline; font-size: 70%; vertical-align: text-top;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
083&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
863&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;28&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Sales to FSB pursuant to termination agreement discussed below&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;838&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Handling
 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B
 classified in Cost of sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;449&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;490&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;607&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts received from A-B for lost keg fees and forfeited deposits
 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

 accordingly
 transactions with FSB are considered to be related party transactions in all periods.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Effective September 1
 2012
 in the best interest of both parties
 we mutually agreed with FSB to end our contract brewing arrangement. Under the termination agreement
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers through November 2012 utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB will pay us $70
000 per month through September 2013.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Amounts due to or from A-B were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 20px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts due from A-B related to beer sales pursuant to the A-B Distributor Agreement&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
369&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;8
310&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts due from FSB related to beer sales pursuant to a contract brewing arrangement&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;260&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;585&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts due from FSB related to termination agreement&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;630&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Refundable deposits due to A-B&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(2
472&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(1
746&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts due to A-B for services rendered&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(1
974&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(2
482&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net amount due from A-B&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
813&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4

 KBC was a related party. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 we had the following related party transactions with KBC (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: center; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Alternating proprietorship fees related to leasing the Oregon Brewery to KBC
 recorded as a component of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;4
814&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Fees for selling raw materials and packaging products to KBC
 recorded as a component of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;5
032&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Rent charged to KBC for use of kegs for products distributed in Hawaii



  


  

 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B

  

 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B

  

 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

  

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

  

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

  

  

  

  

  

  


 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network



  

  

  

  


  

 Options
 Outstanding

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


858&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4
174&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Trade name and trademarks&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4
600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total assets acquired&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;14
072&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4
091&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Interest bearing liabilities and other long-term liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
476&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Deferred income tax liabilities
 net and other non-current liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
283&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total liabilities assumed&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;7
850&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net assets acquired&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
222&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Goodwill recorded&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;12



 2012 was as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;252
240&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4.30&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 27pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;123
525&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;7.62&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 27pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(6
500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2.02&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 27pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2.02&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;368



&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Current&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;493&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;18&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
458&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5
025&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
082&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
951&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
041&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1


 Options
 Grants in Period


 except per share amounts):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31




 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 65%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 33%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 65%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 65%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Rent expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
665&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2
759&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 4.15pt;&gt;2






&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Term loan
 due July 1
 2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11
822&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;12
240&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Line of credit
 due September 30
 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Promissory notes payable to related parties
 all due July 1
 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Premium on promissory notes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;298&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;404&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Note with affiliated party
 due November 15
 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;346&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;519&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Capital lease obligations for equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;21&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;13
082&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;13
784&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;642&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;596&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;12
440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;13



 2012 for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Term Loan&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Promissory&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Notes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Note with&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Related&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Party&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Capital&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Lease&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Obligations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;456&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;181&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;486&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;165&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;516&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;549&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;588&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 51%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;9
227&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11
822&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;600&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;346&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 51%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amount representing interest&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 51%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 51%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11



497&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Work in process&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
829&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
263&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
128&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Packaging materials&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;544&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;558&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Promotional merchandise&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;967&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Pub food
 beverages and supplies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;341&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;186&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;9



&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Provision at U.S. statutory rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
522&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5
335&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;947&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;State taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;148&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;567&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;119&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Permanent differences
 primarily meals and entertainment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;232&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;266&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;213&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Merger expenses and true up of merger treatment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;135&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Tax credits&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(104&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(127&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(214&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Increase to deferred tax liability tax rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;153&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Release of valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
951&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
041&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1






 2012 was as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Exercisable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Number&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;368
665&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;111
328&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Weighted average exercise price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5.46&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3.49&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Aggregate intrinsic value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;664
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;366



 2012 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
303&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
006&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;983&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;866&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 18px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;759&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11
824&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16
741&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31
 2012 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 87%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width: 10%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;261&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;269&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;277&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;830&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31
 2012 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 87%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=width: 10%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;261&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;269&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;277&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 87%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;830&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies
 both of whose members include our current Board Chair and a nonexecutive officer. Lease payments to these lessors were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;125&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;122&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;124&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020
 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. Lease payments to this lessor were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31




&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Gross sales to A-B&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;149
492&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;132
914&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;119
885&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Margin fee paid to A-B
 classified as a reduction of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
864&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
777&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;5
589&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Sales to FSB through a contract brewing arrangement
 classified in Sales&lt;font style=display: inline; font-size: 70%; vertical-align: text-top;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
083&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
863&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;28&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Sales to FSB pursuant to termination agreement discussed below&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;838&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Handling
 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B
 classified in Cost of sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;449&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;490&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;607&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts received from A-B for lost keg fees and forfeited deposits
 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

 accordingly
 transactions with FSB are considered to be related party transactions in all periods.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Amounts due to or from A-B were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 20px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts due from A-B related to beer sales pursuant to the A-B Distributor Agreement&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
369&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;8
310&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts due from FSB related to beer sales pursuant to a contract brewing arrangement&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;260&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;585&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts due from FSB related to termination agreement&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;630&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Refundable deposits due to A-B&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(2
472&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(1
746&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Amounts due to A-B for services rendered&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(1
974&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(2
482&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net amount due from A-B&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
813&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;4
667&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Prior to the KBC Merger in October 2010
 KBC was a related party. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 we had the following related party transactions with KBC (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: center; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Alternating proprietorship fees related to leasing the Oregon Brewery to KBC
 recorded as a component of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;4
814&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Fees for selling raw materials and packaging products to KBC
 recorded as a component of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;5
032&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Rent charged to KBC for use of kegs for products distributed in Hawaii



&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Net operating losses and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;711&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
059&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accrued salaries and severance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;988&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;975&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;828&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;766&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
527&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
800&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(11
843&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(11
369&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(6
422&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(6
450&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Equity investments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(251&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(168&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(46&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(18
433&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(18
116&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(15
906&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(14



&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -4.3pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares for basic EPS&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
862&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
834&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;17
523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -4.3pt;&gt;Dilutive effect of stock-based awards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;72&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 9pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -4.3pt;&gt;Shares used for diluted EPS&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
934&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
931&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;17



 limited by IRS regulations. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we matched 50 percent of the employee's contributions up to 6% of eligible compensation. Eligibility for the matching contribution in all years began after the participant had worked a minimum of three months. Our matching contributions to the plan vest ratably over five years of service by the employee. We recognized expense associated with matching contributions as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31




&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Selling




 gr&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;oss profit and gross margin by segment were as follows (dollars in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 18px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Beer Related&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Pubs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;145
670&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;23
617&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;169
287&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;46
341&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
685&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;50
026&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;31.8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;15.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;29.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 64%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;127
376&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;21
821&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;149
197&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;41
626&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
560&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;45
186&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;32.7&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16.3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;30.3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 64%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;119
389&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;12
342&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;131
731&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;31
797&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
870&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;33



 2011 and 2010 was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Accumulated OCI (Effective Portion)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Location of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income (Effective Portion)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income (Effective Portion)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;353&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -10.8pt;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;387&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;277&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -10.8pt;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;400&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(81&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -10.8pt;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;410&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Derivatives Not in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Location of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Amount of Gain/(Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;N/A&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;N/A&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: right; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Interest and other income





  

  


 gr&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;oss profit and gross margin by segment were as follows (dollars in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 18px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Beer Related&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Pubs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;145
670&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;23
617&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;169
287&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;46
341&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
685&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;50
026&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;31.8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;15.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;29.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 64%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;127
376&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;21
821&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;149
197&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;41
626&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
560&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;45
186&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;32.7&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16.3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;30.3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 64%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;119
389&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;12
342&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;131
731&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;31
797&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
870&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;33
667&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 64%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Gross margin&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;26.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;15.2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;25.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The segments use many of the same assets. For internal reporting purposes
 we do not allocate assets by segment and
 therefore
 no asset by segment information is provided to our chief operating decision maker.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;In preparing this financial information
 certain expenses were allocated between the segments based on management estimates
 while others were based on specific factors such as headcount. These factors can have a significant impact on the amount of gross profit for each segment. While we believe we have applied a reasonable methodology
 assignment of other reasonable cost allocations to each segment could result in materially different segment gross profit.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Sales to wholesalers through the A-B Distributor Agreement represented the following percentage of our Sales:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31



 Redhook
 Kona and Omission&amp;#160;beer brands. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs



  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

  

  

  

 Options
 Exercises in Period

  

 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 

  

  

  

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

 Options
 Exercises in Period

  

 Options
 Exercises in Period

  

 Options
 Exercises in Period

  


  

  

  

 Options

  

 Options
 Outstanding

  

 Options
 Outstanding

  


  

 Options
 Outstanding

  

 Options
 Outstanding

  

  



 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Activity related to our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial in 2012

 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
 beverages and supplies are stated at the lower of cost or market.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product's carrying value
 we reduce the product to a new cost basis. We record the cost of inventory for which we estimate we have more than a twelve-month supply as a component of Intangible and other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-style: italic; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost reduced by proceeds received under applicable cash grants
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;30 &amp;#8211; 50 years&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white style=height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;10 &amp;#8211; 25 years&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Furniture

 including definite-lived intangible assets
 when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows in addition to other quantitative and qualitative analyses. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2012


 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired

 regardless of whether the keg is owned or leased
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &amp;#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. See discussion at &lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Note 19&lt;/font&gt;
 Related-Party Transactions for impact of lost kegs on our brewery equipment.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A-B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $7.6 million and $7.1 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and $5.8 million and $5.1 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment

 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers

 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network

 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income

 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $12.4 million
 $11.9 million and $9.5 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Advertising expenses are included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses and frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling

 net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate forfeitures of stock based awards based on historical experience and expected future activity.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence

 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We recognize the benefits of tax return positions when it is determined that the positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. At December 31
 2012 and 2011

 Redhook
 Kona and Omission&amp;#160;beer brands. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs

 Gross profit
 Operating income



  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  

  

  

  


  


  


  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 2012
 included in our net operating losses and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of $0.7 million are the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;State NOLs
 tax effected&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;73&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 5.7pt;&gt;Federal and state alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;609&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td align=left valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 5.7pt;&gt;Federal insurance contributions act (FICA) credit carryforwards


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


 2012 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Purchase&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Obligations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Sponsorship&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Obligations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16
331&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
241&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;18
572&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
260&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
461&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; height: 16px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
609&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;319&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
928&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff; height: 13px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;584&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;169&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;753&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; height: 15px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;33&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;33&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ffffff; height: 12px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 63%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 63%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;20
758&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;3
989&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;24


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

  

 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

  

 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

  

  

  

  


 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31


 Minimum-Headquarters Office Space

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  

  


  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2012
 the quarterly fee was 0.15% and the fee totaled the following (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Trademarks and domain name&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;14
429&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;14
429&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Recipes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;700&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;700&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Distributor agreements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;2
200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(660&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(513&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
540&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
687&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Non-compete agreements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;540&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(198&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(210&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;242&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;330&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff style=height: 13px;&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Favorable contracts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;31&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;153&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(30&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(147&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;280&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;280&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(236&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;(223&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;44&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;57&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;16
956&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17
209&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 76%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Promotional merchandise&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;606&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;780&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17
562&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17
989&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Amortization expense was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31


  


 which requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date measured at their fair values. The excess of the consideration transferred and the acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interest held in Kona over the fair value of net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. The following table summarizes the consideration paid (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Fair value of common stock issued&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;11
702&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Cash consideration paid&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;6
237&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 88%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=width: 1%; display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;17
939&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=white&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Fair value of equity interest in Kona held at acquisition date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;1
200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 88%;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -18pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 18pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: -7.2pt;&gt;Total consideration&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;19


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  

  

  


  

  


 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income



 regardless of whether the keg is owned or leased
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &amp;#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. See discussion at &lt;font style=display: inline;&gt;Note 19&lt;/font&gt;
 Related-Party Transactions for impact of lost kegs on our brewery equipment.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A-B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $7.6 million and $7.1 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and $5.8 million and $5.1 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment


  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies
 both of whose members include our current Board Chair and a nonexecutive officer. Lease payments to these lessors were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;125&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;122&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td align=right valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;124&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: Times New Roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020
 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. Lease payments to this lessor were as follows (in thousands) and are included in the Rent expense under all operating leases above:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=border-bottom: black 2px solid;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; font-family: times new roman; margin-left: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;Year Ended December 31


  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 accordingly





























        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    





    


    


    





    


    





    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    





    

    


    

    






    


    


 Cost of Acquired Entity



    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


 Purchase Price Allocation
 Assets Acquired (Liabilities Assumed)







    





    


    


 Purchase Price Allocation



    


    


    


    


    


    


 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable



    


 Cost of Acquired Entity



    


    


 Cost of Acquired Entity



    






    






 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class



    


    


 Lessee Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class



    


    


    


    

    


    

    

    





    


    





    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    

    


 Shares




 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 18
874
256 and 18
844















    

    


    


    


    





    


    


    


 Net of Tax



    


    


    


    


    


    









    


    


    


    


    





    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    





    


    


    


    


    





    


    









    

    









    













    





    


    









    









 Property



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion



    



 Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship
 by Income Statement Location



    

    






    

    


    


    





    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    





    


    






    


 Convertible










    







 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    






    

    





    


    

    

    


    















    


    






    


    





    





    






    











 Measurements







    


    

    



 Balance Sheet Grouping



    


    














 by Balance Sheet Grouping



    


    


    


    


    


    


    













    


 Amortization Expense







    


    


 Amortization Expense



    


    





    


 Amortization Expense



    


 Amortization Expense



    


    


 Amortization Expense










    


    





    


    


    


    

    


    


 Goodwill



    


    

    

    


    


    


 Extraordinary Items










    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    





    


    


    










    






    


    





    


    


    








    


    


    

    


    






    

    


    


    





    


    


    


    






    


    









    


    

    






    


    


    


    





    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    










    


    


    


    


    





    


    





    

    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    


    





    

    


    

    









    


 Maturities



    


 Maturities



    


 Maturities



    


 Maturities



    


 Maturities



    


 Maturities



    





    


    


    


    


    





    

    


    


    





    

    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    






    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable







    


    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

    


    


 Future Minimum Payments



    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    


 Future Minimum Payments



    


 Future Minimum Payments Due



    


 Future Minimum Payments



    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable










    


    


 Future Minimum Payments



    









    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    

















    


    





    


    


    

    


    

    



 Inc. and related entities


    





    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    





    






    






    


    



 Plant and Equipment












 equipment and leasehold improvements



 equipment and leasehold improvements








 Plant and Equipment



 Plant and Equipment











 Plant and Equipment










    


    


    


    






    

    


    


    





    



 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B







    


    


    

    


    


 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations



    


    


    


    






    










 Options
 Outstanding



    

    


    

    





    


    


    


    


    


 Options
 Grants in Period







    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    






    



 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs







    

    


    


    





    


    






    














    


    


    

    


    


    






    

    


    


    










    


    

    


    


    


    


 Options
 Grants in Period



    


    


    


 Options
 Grants in Period



    


    


 Options
 Exercises in Period



    


 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period



    


    



 



    


    


 Options
 Grants in Period



    


 Options
 Exercises in Period











    


    


    


    


    


 Options



    

    


 Options
 Outstanding







    

    


 Options
 Outstanding



    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    










    


    






    


    






    






    


 Value
 Share-based Compensation



    

    


    

    


    

    

    

    


    


    


    

    


    


    






    


    






    





    





    


    


    





    


    

    


    





    





    





    


    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    



 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    



 management


    



 contingent rentals


    

    


    

    


    

    


    


    





    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    


    




    





    





    


    

    


    

    









    

    


    





    





    









    



 foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards relating to stock options exercises
 before tax effects


    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    



 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments


    

    


    


    

    

    


    

    





    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    





    

    





    

    





    

    


    






 divided by the total sales revenue


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    

    


    


    








    



 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including interest
 current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures


    

    


    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    



 excluding financial assets and goodwill


    

    


    

    

    



 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date









    



 symbol or other device or style and string of typographic characters used to describe the location of a specific individual
 business
 computer


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    



 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 of inventory owned by the entity but in the hands of a customer


    






 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities


    

    



 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of items used in storage


    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    


    









    

    


    


    

    


    








    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    












    

    





    

    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    



 under contract brewing arrangement from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management


    






 under termination agreement from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management


    

    





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Certain information regarding our stock-based compensation was as follows (in thousands
Year Ended December 31



        
Year Ended December 31
Selling
 general and administrative expense.....


        
Year Ended December 31



        
Stock option activity for the year ended December 31
Outstanding at December&#160;31
252
123
(6
Outstanding at December 31
368
665


        
Certain information regarding options outstanding as of December 31
368
111
664
366
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 and exercisable awards. The information that may be disclosed in this table may include
 but is not limited to
 number of shares
 weighted average exercise price
 weighted average remaining contractual life
 and aggregate intrinsic value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 share-based liabilities paid
 and the total fair value of shares vested during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

900
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000)



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges
 and on derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

824

518


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

190
        


        

809

816




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 in advance of the timing of recognition of expenses which are expected to be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be charged against earnings ratably over the period in which contractually agreed upon coverage's will be in effect; such periods expire within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically cash
 provided to a counterparty to provide certain assurance of performance by the entity pursuant to the terms of a written or oral agreement
 such as a lease.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

260

544



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

275

615



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2012

          











        
        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        
        
        
        


Supply period of inventory recorded as a component of Intangible and other assets
 minimum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

600
000

100
000
        


Keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation.

800
000

100
000
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

400
000

900
000

500
000



          

        
        
        


Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

260
000

544
000
        



          

        
        
        


Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

275
000

615
000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are assessed at least annually for impairment.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The acquisition of KBC was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
11
6
17
1
19
139


        
4
Property
4
4
14
4
1
Deferred income tax liabilities
2
7
6
12
917


        
Unaudited pro forma results of operations as if the KBC Merger had occurred on January&#160;1
 2010 are as follows (in thousands
December 31
128
2
181




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph r(2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      






 2012






 2011






 2010






 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012





          



 2012





          



 2012





          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

157
        
        
        
        
        


        

395
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options outstanding
 Aggregate intrinsic value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted average remaining contractual term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 Number (in shares)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

328
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 Aggregate intrinsic value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

240
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

525
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

665

240
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

865

530
        

939
        
        
        
        
        
        


Performance goals
 net sales period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

277
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We sponsor a defined contribution 401(k) plan for all employees 18 years or older. Employee contributions may be made on a before-tax basis
 limited by IRS regulations. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Sale of Equity Interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC (FSB) (Details) (USD $)

        
        
        

      














 2011

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equity method investment sold
 ownership interest (in hundredths)
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

300
000
        
        


        
        
        
        

100
000

000
        


        
        
        
        

200
000
        
        


        

512
000

326
000
        
        

000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

400
000
        
        


        
        

000

000
        

000

000


        
        
        
        

900
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not separately or otherwise categorized as trading or available-for-sale. This element includes investments in which the entity holds a small ownership stake (generally
 less than 20% of the shares outstanding) and cannot exert significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are investments in joint ventures and entities in which the entity has an equity ownership interest normally of 20 to 50 percent and exercises significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We sponsor a defined contribution 401(k) plan for all employees 18 years or older. Employee contributions may be made on a before-tax basis
 limited by IRS regulations. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 7
 16
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Fair Value at December 31
Fair Value at December 31
 2011


        
December 31
1
1
1
1
615




        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities. Such certain disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate) and (2) the methodology and assumptions used in developing such estimates of fair value.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph c(2)
 d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 c(1)
 c(2)
 c(3)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).  Where the quoted price in an active market for the identical liability is not available
 the Level 1 input is the quoted price of an identical liability when traded as an asset.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Intangible assets
 Net

956

209
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 net

562

989
        


        
        
        
        


Amortization Expense
 Maturity Schedule [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

827
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Gross

200

200
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net

540

687
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Gross
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Gross
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Gross
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net

429

429
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due [Abstract]
        
        
        


        

303
000
        
        


        

006
000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

824
000
        
        


Operating Leases
 Total

741
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

665
000

759
000

356
000


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Sub lease
 Total

000
        
        


Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Abstract]
        
        
        


        

572
000
        
        


        

461
000
        
        


        

928
000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

747
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Abstract]
        
        
        


        

331
000
        
        


        

201
000
        
        


        

609
000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

758
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Abstract]
        
        
        


        

241
000
        
        


        

260
000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

989
000
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Right to buyout lease facility
 Minimum

000
000
        
        


        

000

000

000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cost of goods sold or other operating costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equipment or other fixed assets for a specified time in exchange for payment
 usually in the form of rent.
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

497

778


        

552

829


        

263

128


        
        
        


        

552
        


Pub food
 beverages and supplies
        
        


        

749

446




        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of items used in storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods that are targeted for sale to end users net of reserves.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies to which the entity holds the title and uses for the specific purpose of showing the benefits and features of the entity's products to existing or potential customers net of reserves in the current operating cycle.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 of inventory owned by the entity but in the hands of a customer
 typically a reseller net of reserves.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. was formed in 1981 to brew and sell craft beer. We produce
 sell and market on a national basis innovative bottled and draft products for the Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona&#160;and&#160;Omission brands at our five company-owned breweries and operate five pubs that promote our products
Our products are distributed domestically in all 50 states. This national footprint was established primarily through a series of distribution agreements with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (A-B)
 a significant shareholder. In 2004
 we and A-B entered into three agreements
 an exchange and recapitalization agreement (as amended
 the Exchange Agreement)
 a master distributor agreement (as amended
Under the present terms of the A-B Distributor Agreement
 we distribute our products in substantially all of our markets through A-B's seamless national wholesale distributor network. Our agreement with A-B initially allowed us to establish relationships nationwide&#160;with&#160;these wholesalers. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe&#160;that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers&#160;own the exclusive right to&#160;distribute our beers in their respective markets if&#160;the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated A-B's domestic&#160;wholesaler network consists primarily of independent wholesalers
 together with owned branches. The A-B Distributor Agreement is subject to early termination
 by either party
 upon the occurrence of certain events. The A-B Distributor Agreement expires December 31
 2018
 but may be renewed automatically for an additional ten-year period unless A-B provides written notice to the contrary on or prior to June 30
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation.




        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

492
000
        

914
000
        

885
000
        


Margin fee paid to A-B
 classified as a reduction of Sales

864
000
        

777
000
        

589
000
        


Sales to FSB through a contract brewing arrangement
 classified in Sales

083
000
        

863
000
        

000
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        


Handling
 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B
 classified in Cost of sales

000
        

000
        

000
        


Amounts received from A-B for lost keg fees and forfeited deposits
 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net

000
        

000
        

000
        


Related Party Transaction
 Due from (to) Related Party [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

369
000
        

310
000
        
        
        


        

000
        

000
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        

472
000)
        

746
000)
        
        
        


        

974
000)
        

482
000)
        
        
        


        

813
000
        

667
000
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Due from (to) Related Party [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

814
000
        


        
        
        
        
        

032
000
        


        
        
        
        
        

000
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 accordingly








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under contract brewing arrangement from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under termination agreement from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amount of receivables arising from transactions with related parties.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 officers or stockholders (for example
 owner's immediate families or employee pension trusts) at the financial statement date.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
 -Subparagraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net as of the balance sheet date where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A,#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
M,60Y.&1E93%E-F(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V-E
M-V(Q-C5?83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C939?





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?24Y#/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7


#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M='


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-



M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3W1H





#I7;W)K<VAE






M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1&5B=%]A
M;F1?0V%P:71A;%]
96%S95]/8FQI9V%T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1F%I











M;65?5&%X97




\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


T0B


#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E
M9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T



M971S+U-H965T







M:&5E=#



#I.

#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^16%R;FEN


&-E;%=O<FMS

\+W@Z3F%M


O4VAE970T


O4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7




M1G5L


O4VAE970U
#I.





M86QU95]-96%S=7)E;65N='-?1&5T86EL/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R






M;V-K0F%S961?4&QA;G-?86YD7U-T;V-K0F%S93(\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


M968]

M970^#0H@(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y%;7!L;WEE95]96YE9FET7U!L86YS7T1E=&%I
M;'
















]

]

]
M

]
T1T


]

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^



]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T97AT




]
T1T


M


BTS


]


]

]
M


M9VX]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


\







]

]


]

M

]



S(S/'-P86X^




C`Q


]

]
T1P


]

]





]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P


38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B
M8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E






]






]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#





M1&YU;7`^





]


]


]

\+W1D

]


]


#(L.#4R/'-P

3`P

]

]
T1N=6UP



]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4V



M;7`^



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M06-C;W5N='






]




]



M

M87!I=&%L(&QE87-E(&]B;&EG871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





]


]



M

M;7`^
34L





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C4T+#


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M
M;6ET;65N=',@86YD(&-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]








]


]
T1N=6UP/CDT/'-P86X^



]




]
M
T1N=6T^*#

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E9FEC:70\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8V]M


#@L





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M85\T
V8V7V)C939?
#%D.3AD964Q939B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=C93=B
38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E
64V

#


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@







I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]
T1N=6UP/C$X





M83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C939?

O4VAE970P








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







BPP

2PP


]
T1R




]

S$L-S


3DL
C8Q

M
3`T+#`Q





S




]
M





]


]





]





I/'-P



M9VX]








]






]


]
M

3@L.#8R

M
3@L.#

M1&YU;7`^




3@L.3

3@L.3


#%A7S0S9C9?
M8F-E-E\P

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

L('5N;&5S



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PV







]
T1R;W4^#0H@

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@.2PX
C



M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y.&1E









]


M






#`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


]


]


]



]













]












]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#8Y








]


]




M9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R






T1T










]


]

M86QI9VX]


C






]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]


]


]


]







]
T1N=6UP
M/C$W

]

M;7`^


T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R


]
T1N


]

3@L.#0U+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP


]








]





]









]






]


]



]
M




M:79A=&EV92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='

]
T1N










]

]


M-BPP





2P@
C`Q

]


]



38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B
M8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E






]



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]





]


M83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C939?

O4VAE970P





]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@












]
M





]

3$





]



]



]



CQS

]


]
M
T1N=6T^*#




]
T1P

]
M
T1N=6T^*#

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
SDV/'-P

2PY

M;7`^
BPP


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S











]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C8Y/'-P

BPW
M-S

M;3XH
2PS-3





]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


3
L




]







]
T1N=6T^*#DL
3


]
T1N=6T^*#0L

]

M;G0@86YD(&QE87-E:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C





M:71I97

]
T1N=6UP/C`\






]
T1N=6UP/C0P



]

3$

]
T1N=6UP/C$U


]



3


@9G)O;2!F


]







]


]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#4P


T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'







]
T1N=6T^

]



]



]


]


T1T;W`^26YC








]






]
T1R





]



2PV




]





]


]



]




#QS


M

M(&EN($9U;'1O;B!3=')E970@0G)E=VEN9RP@3$Q#/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


V8V7V)C
M939?
#%D.3AD964Q939B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S=C93=B
38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


]






]



38P.R8C
38P.TYA='5R92!O

M

M

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q










L(%)E9&AO
M;VLL($MO;F$F(S$V
#MA;F0F(S$V

@870@;W5R

@;VX@=&AE





M3$

C`P



M:6=H='
@86=R965M96YT('1H870@8V]L;&5C=&EV96QY(&-O;G-T:71U=&4@





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@

'!T




M960@=7

@;F%T:6]N=VED928C
M
38P.W=I=&@F(S$V

@82!R97-U;'0@

M(S$V

@9&]M97-T:6
F(S$V





M8V5R=&%I;B!E=F5N='
N(%1H92!!+4(@1&ES=')I8G5T;W(@06=R965M96YT

@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P









M:6]N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y.&1E93%E-F(O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

]



T1T;W`^4VEG;FEF
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!M87)G:6XM<FEG:'0Z
M(#!P=#LG/DYO=&4@,BXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M3:6=N:69I8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT
M:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M



#$R(&]R(#(P
3$N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@




@86YD



M8V5I=F%B;&5S('1H870@:&%V92!B965N(&EN=F]I8V5D('1O('1H92!W:&]L







@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M

M



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT











@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@

'!T





@86YD(&UA:6YT96YA

L('1H92!A8V-O






M861D:6YG/3-$

M

T1L969T





T1T;W`^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE

3L@

\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CQD
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M

@86YD(&]T
M:&5R(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

3L@

\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T






M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@

M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

\



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I

M=&%L:6


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F

M:'0Z(#!P=#LG/E9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!





3!P=#L@



M97




C`Q
BP@
C`Q


T0G
3L@=&5X



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M93H@

T1L



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z


3!P=#L@;6%R

M=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P-W!X


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




3
W



[('1E
3H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M/D=O;V1W:6QL/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





M:6YG('5N:70@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(')E;&%T:79E(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@
M=&AE(&9U='5R92!B96YE9FET(&]F('1H92!P=7)C:&%S960@86YD(&5X:7-T
M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G





M9'





#L\


'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H

M($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M



M;W)E(&9R97%U96YT;'D@:68@979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97
@:6X@8VER8W5M



@=&AA=!T:&4@87-S970@
M:7,@97AP96-T960@=&\@9V5N97)A=&4N(%=E(&AA=F4@9&5T97)M:6YE9!T

M9'

3L@9F]N=US='EL
M93H@:71A;&EC.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P

M:65S+B!+96=S('1H870@87)E(&]W;F5D(&)Y('5S(&%R92!R969L96-T960@











M(&ME9W

@;F%T=7)E(&]F(&ME9W
@;W=N960@8GD@;6]S

@

M9&5P;W-I='





M9&5P;W-I='
@87

M(')E9G5N9&%B;&4@9&5P;W-I='


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P

M;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='


#L\


'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H

M9B!2:7-K/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





M;&EC.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT

M



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT

M(&EN('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@9&5R:79A=&EV
M97


3L@9F]N=US='EL93H@:71A;&EC.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I





M02!M96UB97(@;V8@=&AE($$M0B!W:&]L97-A;&4@9&ES=')I8G5T;W(@;F5T

M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M









M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@



@=&AA




@;V8@-C`L



@8F5V97)A9V5S(&EN




@86YD(&]T




N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SLG/CQB








M


M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N
M9`R





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@

M

@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(%-E


M='









@:G5D9VUE


M='DN/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P









L(&EF('=E(&1E=&5R;6EN92!T



M;&4]








@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@





M


@87

M9!T87@@87-S971S(&%R92!R961U8V5D(&)Y(&$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W
M86YC92!W:&5N+!I;B!T:&4@;W!I;FEO;B!O9B!M86YA9V5M96YT+!I=!I





@=&AE(&5N86-T




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@

M


'!E;G-E(&EN('1H92!P97)I;V0@:6YC
M=7)R960N($%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

@;W(@86YY


3L@9F]N=US
M='EL93H@:71A;&EC.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


@;V8@




@;VX@82!S96=M96YT(&QE

3L@9F]N=US='EL93H@:71A;&EC
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI





@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F('1H

M='







@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@


M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

M;G





MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V8V7V)C939?
#%D.3AD964Q939B
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=C93=B
38U7V$P
6%?
M-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E

3$N:'1M






]



]

M;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




3!P

M;G1S/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P





M;B!*=6QY)B
Q-C`[
C`Q

C`Q
BTP








M(&]N(&%N(&5V86QU871I;VX@;V8@86QL(')E;&5V86YT('%U86QI=&%T:79E

L('1H870@:70@:7




M;F0@87!P;'D@=&AE('%U86YT:71A=&EV92!T97-T+B!!4U4@
C`Q
BTP
B!A



M97)I;V0N($%352`R
#$R+3`R(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@:6UP86ER;65N



C`Q
BTP
B!I;B!T

C`Q
B!D:60@;F]T(&AA=F4@86YY(&5F

M97)A=&EO;G

M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N

M4F]M86XG+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M
C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q
RTP





M97-P96-T:79E(&QI;F4@:71E;7
@;V8@;F5T(&EN8V]M92P@8G5T(&]N;'D@



M(&EN8V]M92!I;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N($%352`R
#$S
M+3`R(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@=7




38U7V$P
6%?-#-F
M-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P







@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@





@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@










M
3!P=#LG/B8C





S$\

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


@




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R


G!X.R!F




M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V

3H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M/C(P

#L\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT






T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/B8C


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I





#L\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T







M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/B8C







M


@;F5W(')O


M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

RPR-C


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M




\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


Q-C`[




3!P



M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


Q-C`[




3!P



M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q





M






Q







M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXQ.#8\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N






M:#H@

M93H@




M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P



Q-C`[

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q




M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@



Q-C`[/]D:78^/]D:78^


M8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2






M


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V,#L@/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N

Q-C`[

M


'!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A


M93H@

M


M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P

M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W

M)B







M(S$V


@;F5W






3!P=#LG

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/B8C
M




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@





T1B;W1T





T1B;W1T






T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P


3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN



@



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I




24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


@



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I




24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M=&EM97



M86QI9VX]

M

M
3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS



M



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI


3!P






T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT



M97

#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/B8C


M;&4]


Q



Q

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q






M:#H@

M93H@



BPX
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI

M9&5N=#H@






T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H









38P.R8C
38P.U!R

\
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L87DZ



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

T1B;W1T


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V('9A;&EG;CTS



3!P

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!V86QI9VX]




Q-C`[(#PO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

M

F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@


3!P

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

T1N;W=R87`@



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



M=&EM97



M=&0@86QI9VX]

M:#H@

M93H@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/B8C


'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L87DZ

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@

M


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO

T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


@;F5W(')O

BPW


M;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T1B;W1T;VT@





M

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


@;F5W



@;F5W(')O

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



T1B;W1T;VT@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^






M
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



T1B;W1T


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO






M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M97



M9VX]

24[

3!P
M=#LG/B8C

M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


G!X.R!W:61T:#H@




M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T


T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T

M97





#L\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

3!P
M=#LG/B8C




RPQ
#0\+W1D/CQT






T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


@;F5W(')O

M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C




@;F5W(')O;6%N




3!P


@;F5W(')O

#L\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M


M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C


T0G


Q-C`[(#PO




M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F


M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO


#L\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\

M
38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E






]

T1)1#!%344^

3$


]

3$




0R`H1E-*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


#LF(S$V
#M386QE(&]F($5Q

M($930B!F;W(@)#$V+C
@;6EL;&EO;BP@;F5T(&]F('1R86YS86-T:6]N(&9E
M97


M=F%L:60@8VQA:6US+!I9B!A;GDL)B,Q-C`[87-S97)T960@8GD@02U(&1U



XT(&UI;&QI;VX@:&%D(&)E96X@8V]L;&5C=&5D(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$Q(&%N9`D,XX(&UI;&QI;VX@=V%S(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN
M(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@;VX@;W5R($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA

C`Q

M;&QI;VX@:6X@
C`Q
28C

M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

2PP
M
#`@:6X@
C`Q


#`@:6X@
C`Q

#$Q+CPO



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V-E-V(Q-C5?83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C
M939?

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


]
T1R93X-




]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P


M(\^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ






M8VL@=VET:!A('9A;'5E(&]F(0Q

#MH87
@8F5E;B8C

M=7)E(&%D=F%N=&%G97



@8G)A;F0@9F%M







L

M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3`N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I


M:71I97
@87-S=6UE9!A=!T:&4@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@9&%T92!M96%S=7)E


M='
@86-Q=6ER960@:7



M9&5N=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
M

T0G



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`M

M=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=CXF(S$V

M=&EM97




2PW
#(\+V1I=CX\+W1D










#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C

M:61T:#H@.#@E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]






M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q










M




#L\+V1I


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I


SD\
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T
M<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@


M
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G



#`P

M(%1H92!G86EN(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN($]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92!I;B!T:&4@






M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@





I.CPO9&EV/CQD



M;BUR:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0P(&-E

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0G=VED=&@Z




M86QI9VX]















@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
G!X
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!F;VYT+69A


M/C0T



M)SX\9&EV/B8C


M9VX]


M9VX]

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@




M9VX]


T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@

24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT






M86QI9VX]






M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


3AP




T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q






M




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



M97

38P.SPO

M




@86-Q=6ER
M960\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-BPR
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI







#L\






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@

M=#LG/D=O;V1W:6QL(')E8V]R9&5D/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]



@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


@



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M:6=H=#H@





2P@
C`Q

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M2T)#)W

Q



@)#$T-BPP
#`N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M/CPO9&EV/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI


@365R

Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q

M;W5N='


M




B!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


M=#H@

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z





M



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q



3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^
3(X+#(V



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT



T1R

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M





M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M

@


M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SLG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO








3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P



M86QI9VX]

T0G






M=#H@

M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W




T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$P

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H

2P\+V1I

38P.SPO9&EV

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O


B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




C`Q
CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

'!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L


3!P=#L@
M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN



M


M861E;6%R:W
@86YD(&1O;6%I;B!N86UE/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q



3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^


M:61T:#H@-S8E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N




38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B





M

M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q



#L\+V1I



#`\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O

#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

@

38P.SPO9&EV

T1B




M)SX\9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS





@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

@

38P.SPO9&EV










@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F



M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L


M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
BPR







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I






@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T0G=VED=&@Z
3H@=&EM97
@;F5W



@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

M

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B



T1R

T1B


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M9VX]

F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C;VQO

'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXH





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^*#(Q
#PO9&EV/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I




M9VX]




M)SX\9&EV/C(T







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]



T0G=&5X



M

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
34S/]D:78^/]T


G!X.R!W:61T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT






@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

@;F5W

#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^




T1B;W1T




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z






3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]





M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C@P


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V





M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT@





M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B@R,C,\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R
M87`]


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q


M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q





M9&EV/B8C


M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q





F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



T0G
3H@=&EM
M97



M86QI9VX]








@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

T1B;W1T




M



M)SX\9&EV/B8C









M97

38P.SPO

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL




@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D



#L\+V1I



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M86QI9VX]


M




M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q





'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q


M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

M($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG





T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF
M(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD
M:78^)B

!S;VQI
M9#LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('1E
3H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M/C(P

M

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@=&5X


M
C`Q


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q

M86QI9VX]


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q



M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA


M




M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

6QE
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M=#H@





M


@


@;F5W(')O

3
\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C(S/]D:78^/]T9#X\








M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T;VT@



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M9VX]

F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C;VQO

M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B




#DF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT














38U7V$P
M
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E







]


]
M


T1T

]
M

]
6QE
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@


3`N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M1&5B=!A;F0@0V%P:71A;!







!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q





M.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


Q+#PO


M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


3!P
M=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R


F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@


3$\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=&0@86QI9VX]



M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O







@;F5W(')O;6%N


T1B;W1T







#$U/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT




@;F5W(')O;6%N



M;&4]





@

38P.SPO9&EV

M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@86QI9VX]






M

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B




M/C



M)SX\9&EV/B8C





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B


T1B;W1T




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z




T1B;W1T;VT@




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE






T1B;W1T




M+#`X



M)SX\9&EV/B8C





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-C0R





@

38P.SPO9&EV

T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED

M=&EM97



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F




M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA

T1N;W=R87`@



#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^
3
L


M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M9&EV/CPO9&EV/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI

M(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M9'


G!X

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M93H@


M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S


M(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
3H@8FQO8VL[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

M

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P



M=&EM97



B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!W:61T:#H@




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q







#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]




T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-#4V/]D:78^/]T


T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^+3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


M97

38P.SPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT




@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO





M;&4]

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q





T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



M




T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



#L\








T0G


@;F5W



M


M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M


T1N;W=R87`@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&1I




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M86QI9VX]


M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3!P







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M



M;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#4Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#$V/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q



#L\+V1I








T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O







@;F5W(')O;6%N






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F


T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#4Q)3L@9F]N=UF

24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T




M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@







M)SX\9&EV/B8C


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q




T0G


M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B




Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T





@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

@;F5W

#L\+V1I=CX\




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^+28C
38P.SPO9&EV


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT


M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#4Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

T1B


24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^


M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V




T1B;W1T






M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#4Q)3LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@


M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


#L\


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

M87`]

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


#L\+V1I


@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1N;W=R

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]




M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T


M)3LG/CQD:78^)B


T1B;W1T;VT@




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A
M9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I



M)SX\9&EV/B8C


M97

38P.SPO



M=CXF(S$V

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B





M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
3$L.#(R/]D:78^/]T





@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


@;F5W(')O

#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q





T1N



M(S$V


M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N

@86UE;F1E9P@=&AE()

M=(I('=I=&@@0F%N:R!O9B!!;65R:6-A+!.+D$N(@B0F]F02(I+!W:&EC

:6YE(&]F($-R961I=(I+!I

M=7`@=&\@)#(N-2!M:6QL:6]N(&YO=&EO;F%L(&%M;W5N=!O9B!L971T97)S
M(&]F(&-R961I=P@86YD(&$@5&5R;2!
;V%N('=I=&@@82!C=7)R96YT(&)A


N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@





3!P=#L@;6%R

BP@
C`Q
2!R96-E:7!T
M(&]F(0Q-2XS(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@8V%S:P@:6YC;'5D:6YG(')E:6UB=7)S

M;B!&4T(@87

M=71S=&%N9&EN9R!B;W)R;W=I;F=S('5N9&5R('1H92!
:6YE(&]F($-R961I

#$R(&]R(#(P
3$N
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y






M92!


@9F]R(&-A;&-U;&%T


@
M870@86X@86YN=6%L(')A=&4@97%U86P@=&\@=&AE($)E;F-H;6%R:R!2871E
M('!L=7

M;W)R;W=I;F=S('5N9&5R('1H92!

BXR-24@8F%S960@;VX@

2P@
C`Q
BP@

#`E+B!



M;R!S:&]R=&5R('1H86X@



M;&4]

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C

M











M:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$








3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T1N





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(S$V



3!P

M



M
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

#$Q

M='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

#L\



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$








M/DQO86X@06=R965M96YT(&9E93PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D
























M)SX\9&EV/B8C


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





M('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





M/B8C




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T







M
3(L(#(P
3$@;W(@
C`Q

'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM




24)/4B!O;F4M

#$R

;V%N(&ES(&1U92!A

@87)E(&1U
M92!M;VYT:&QY(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A;B!A9W)E960M=7!O;B!S
M8VAE9'5L92!S970@9F]R=&@@:6X@=&AE($QO86X@06=R965M96YT+!W:71H


M='5A;!F:6YA;F-I86P@8V]V96YA;G1S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R
M+B!4:&5S92!F:6YA;F-I86P@8V]V96YA;G1S('5N9&5R('1H92!
;V%N($%G

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

;V%N






3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA<F=I;BUL969T.B`P





@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@=V%S(0R,#`L,#`P+!W:71H(&5A8V@@;F]T92!B

C`Q


#$P+B!4:&4@




M=&4@86YD('1H92!S=&%T960@;F]T92!R871E+B!4:&4@969F96-T:79E(&EN



M;7



M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M=!W87,@82!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!+0D

M;G




M:7


M9B`D
38L
3(Y+B!!;GD@=6YP86ED('!R:6YC:7!A;!B86QA;F-E(&%N9!U



M('!R:6]R('1O('1H92!C;&]S:6YG(&]F('1H92!+0D
@365R9V5R+B!4:&4@


@82!R961U8W1I




Q-C`[

M97AT4&%R=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y.&1E93%E-F(-









]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!&:6YA;F-I86P@
M26YS=')U;65N='

M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

M(#$Q+B8C
38P.R8C

M;G1S/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P


M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F

M=!2871E(%-W87`@0V]N=')A8W1S/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE




M96YT(&UE=&AO9'




M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q





M;G1R86-T('=I=&@@0F]F02!W:71H(&$@=&]T86P@;F]T:6]N86P@=F%L=64@
M;V8@)#@N.2!M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#




M92!O9B!T:&4@;VYE+6UO;G1H($Q)0D]2+!W:&EC:!W87
@










@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@





30S
#`@
M3D4@


T0G=&5X





@9&5R:79A=&EV92!I;G-T

@;V8@26YC

#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R



M;&5F=#LG/CQD:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



!S
M;VQI9#LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I








'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^
M)B









'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R



M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^

M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q




T1B;W1T


M97

38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@

G!X.R!F


M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG

M9VX]



M86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B



M9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT


C`Q
CPO9&EV/CPO



#L\+V1I=CX\

M;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


M97

U
SPO9&EV


#L\+V1I=CX\

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/C,X-SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A
M<!V86QI9VX]


M

M=&EM97




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^

F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


C`Q
M



M





M/B@X





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT


M9VX]




M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M86QI9VX]




M/B8C





M)SX\9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


T1B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F




M




3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T






M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@






'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@26YC;VUE(&]N

M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

B!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X


M

I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@26YC

M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B

M=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^3B]!/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




T0G=&5X


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^3B]!/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T









M
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/CQT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M=#LG/C(P
3`\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T


@;F5W



3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I



M;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V-E-V(Q-C5?83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C939?
#%D.3AD964Q

O4VAE970R

M;G0]

2!R




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




M96%S=7)E;65N='

M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

M(#$R+B8C
38P.R8C

'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C








M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



2`F(S@R



@9F]R('-I;6EL




M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
S9P=#LG


M4WEM8F]L+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

Q.#
[)B
Q-C`[
M)B



M:65S('1H870@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;VX@82!R96-U





T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$P

M=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

2P@
C`Q
CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B

M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@


G!X



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

#L\+V1I




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@







M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


@;F5W(')O









M

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

M.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q



3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B


M97

38P.SPO

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`M-RXR




#L\+V1I=CX\




M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS



G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q


M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

T1B;W1T




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q



@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G




M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]



M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]


M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M

F4Z(#$P
M<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE/CPO9&EV



'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L87DZ(&)L



M96EV86)L92P@06-C;W5N='

@:6YV;VQV960N
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

38P.SPO9&EV/CQD




3!P=#L@;6%R



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F


M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@


T0P('-T


M







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@

'!T

S$L/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\+W1D
M/CQT9!V86QI9VX]






@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M;BUR:6=H=#H@

C`Q
3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O






@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#L@


3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I

#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T


2PU-#0\

M




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E



'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M:61T:#H@







M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[(&UA<F=I;BUR:6=H=#H@,'!T.R<^,2PV,34\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y












;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
M
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5G;65N=!297-U




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I

M=#LG/DYO=&4@
3
N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[4V5G;65N=!297-U;'1S(&%N9!#


M;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q









3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N

M(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M;BUR:6=H=#H@



'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P



'0M


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


M('-A;&5S/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
30U+#8W
M



M9&EV/B8C





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M97




M/B8C




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


@




3H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-#8L
S0Q/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q






3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
















@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^




T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



#L\








M9VX]


T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




T0G=&5X


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/CQT



M93H@



M(S$V

M97

38P.SPO


M

M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M86QI9VX]

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C

T0G=&5X





\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q







M


M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C$L.#(Q


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
30Y+#$Y-SPO



M/B8C


M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


@;F5W


M=&EM97

38P




M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


@;F5W(')O

L-38P/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q






3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-#4L
3@V/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
S(N-SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A


@;F5W(')O


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q






M


@

P+C
\+V1I=CX\




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B


M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B


'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L87DZ

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@

'!T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M
3$Y+#







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M+#
T



M)SX\9&EV/B8C





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M=&EM97

2PW
M




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT



M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^


T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
2PX-S`\+V1I=CX\+W1D





T0G







#L\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E


3!P=#L@

M+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


#L\


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

M86QI9VX]





T0G



24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/B4\+W1D

Q
M-C`[/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q







'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M=#H@

@9FEN86YC:6%L(&EN9F]R;6%T








@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




@=&AR




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M;BUR:6=H=#H@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M

T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F


M;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

#L\+V1I



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M93H@
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

#L\



3!P=#L@9F]N

T1B;W1T





M

M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

2XQ/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W


M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T


T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@



M.R!W:61T:#H@



M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M


@

M

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN

3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@


3(\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




C`Q
3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

'!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M


XV/]D:78^

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/B4\+W1D/CQT

T1B;W1T


M

M

M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N


'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L87DZ


#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E
M-E\P




CX\



M8RX@
S$L(#(P






]


M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P

38P.R8C


M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T








@86YD(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

M=F%L(&]F('1H92`R





M='EL93H@:71A;&EC.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R

#$P(%-T;V-K($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T


@











N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M='EL93H@:71A;&EC.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R

#`W(%-T;V-K($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

#`W(%!L86XL('-T
M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G



M)B
Q-C`[=V5R92!A=V%R9&5D)B



M(#(P


M92!F;W(@=&5N('EE87)S(&9R;VT@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0N/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C


'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H

#`R(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO
M;B!0;&%N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

#`R(%!L86X@


@86YD(&EN9&5P96YD96YT(&-O;G-U;'1A;G1S



@9V5N

M(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T:&4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92X@5F5S=&5D(&]P=&EO;G
@87)E

M(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

M;&4]

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S

M;&QO=W




M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N



M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B

M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@

F4Z(#$P<'0[
M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


3$\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




C`Q
#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F

G!T


24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q



3!P=#LG/CQD







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS







M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]




M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L


M93H@












@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT





M86YT960\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

T1B;W1T


24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C0S


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V


3PO



M/B8C







@;V8@26YC;VUE(&%S
M(&9O;&QO=W


T0P

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B


M8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I

Q+#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW
M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


T1B


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M



M(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M;BUR:6=H=#H@

C`Q
#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B

M/3-$(V-C965F9CX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S





@

38P.SPO9&EV


M97



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D








M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M;W=R87`]


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T


M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q









M:6]D(&]F(#
N




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@






!S;VQI9#LG/CQD:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M;BUR:6=H=#H@

C`Q
CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P


T1B;W1T


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T



M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M

M


M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T




M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M97

38P.SPO



'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@

M

24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG






M


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M97

38P.SPO


M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M


\+V1I=CX\+V1I

M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=&5X=UI


3!P

\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\


T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E


3!P=#L@



T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M=#H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

T1N;W=R

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M=&EM97

38P








@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M:6=H=#H@

@8F%S960@










M

2P@
C`Q
B!W87
@87
@9F]L;&]W



M86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



M;W=R87`]



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A







M9VX]








M=#LG/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3$\+V1I

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C4R+#(T
#PO9&EV



M




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


@;F5W

S`\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M96YT.B`M










M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]





M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

T1L

M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO


@;F5W

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG

M:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^*#8P



M=&EM97

M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



#L\


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


Q+`R
M,#$R/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS



#L\

M('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


M9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


F4Z(#$P<'0[
M)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE/CPO9&EV/CPO
M9&EV/CPO9&EV/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N




F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!M87)G
M:6XM<FEG:'0Z(#!P=#LG/B8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(S$V



3!P

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q




'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N


F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N

M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ.'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@

3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I

24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

2PS



3AP=#L@








M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


@






M




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M


T1B;W1T



T0G


24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B


M;'-P86X]

T0G


M;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]






#LR








@87)E('1I960@=&\@=&%R9V5T(&%M;W5N='
@


C`Q


2P@

3$@9W)A




M=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA







38U7V$P
M
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E







]



]



M


]

]
T1P



@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


34N)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[16%R;FEN9W







F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N


T0G=&5X






B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M87`]



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z
M(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S





M

G!X.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL





T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

M;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I




T0G=&5X

M86QI9VX]




T0G






M







M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#EP=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M:'0Z(TT+C-P=#LG/D1I;'5T:79E(&5F9F5C=!O9B!S=&]C:RUB87-E9!A
M=V%R9',\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

!S;VQI9#L@


M;W=R87`]


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M)SXF(S$V




M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/B8C


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M)B

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

@





M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#EP
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q





M9VX]




24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/B8C
M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXQ.PY
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A
M9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

M=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA


T0G8F]R




@;F5W








24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




Q



M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/B8C


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<B!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V-C
M965F9CX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


M+30N






M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXQ,C0\+W1D
M/CQT9!N;W=R87`]


M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M







@;F5W(')O







#L\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL


CPO=&0^






M85\T
V8V7V)C939?








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


\

'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

38P.R8C
38P


I.CPO9&EV/CQD:78@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
M

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q




2P\

38P.SPO


@;F5W


B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




C`Q
CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


3!P
M=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R


F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@


3`\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D




3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q



3!P=#LG



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M
2PP


T1B



M


T1B;W1T;VT@



M




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
2PT-3@\+V1I=CX\




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-2PP
C4\+V1I=CX\




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
2PP.#(\+V1I=CX\


T0G


M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M
M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE


M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
2PQ
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M
M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
@87

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L


M86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI


T0G


M(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I


M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@




T1N



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[
M)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97








'0M86QI9VXZ

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#EP=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



T0G=VED


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
2PU






M




M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M9VX]

F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C;VQO


M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M

@

38P.SPO9&EV


T0G=&5X

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-38W/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\






@;F5W








@;F5W(')O;6%N

CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


M97

38P.SPO

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]






M87`]

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A


M

M


M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R

T1B


M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M








@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M







24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q











#L\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M

@

38P.SPO9&EV

M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


#L\


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

M87`]

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/BT\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA


3`P/]D:78^/]T



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M=#LG/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-O;7!O;F5N='


M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


3!P
M=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0V('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT








T0G=&5X


38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]

'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D


T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N

M9VX]




M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M97

38P.SPO


M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T







38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M97

3PO9&EV



M




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


@;F5W

#4Y/]D:78^/]T




M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

@86YD



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


C@\+V1I
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N






M:61T:#H@-S8E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]








M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
RPX


T1B




M)SX\9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS





@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

@

38P.SPO9&EV










@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F



M







M


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1L969T('9A




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A






M


24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/BD\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L




T0G


@;F5W

CPO9&EV/CPO

M=&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q


M1-C8V5E9F8^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

M9VX]


M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^*#(U








M=#LG/D]T:&5R/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

@;F5W(')O;6%N



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG







M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@



M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B@Q-PS

M;&4]





M/3-$


3!P=#LG

T1L969T('9A;&EG



M87`]

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0G=VED


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q




M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q






M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@X)3LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@






M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


@









C`Q
BP@







M=F%I;&%B;&4@=&\@=7


M(&%S('-U8V@L('=E(&AA=F4@;F]T(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L

2P@
C`Q

#$Q+B!$=7)I

C`Q

#`L
#`P+!W:&EC:!W87

@

M;&4]

#$R
M(&]R(#(P

@=VET
M:&EN('1H92!N97AT('1W96QV92!M;VYT:'
N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M








C`P-!A;F0@,C`P.!A

@86YD('-T
!Y96%R<R!I;B!O
M=7(@=&%X(')E='5R;G
N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SLG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CQS






M;'-P86X]


M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


M92`Q-RXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M%;7!L;WEE92!96YE9FET(%!L86YS/]D:78^

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M;VYS;W(@82!D969I;F5D(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;B`T


#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R




F5D(&5X



!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





M
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T

'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H

M8F5R(#


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^
M)B








T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R


F4Z
M(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


3$\+V1I=CX\

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

B!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




C`Q
#PO9&EV/CPO


M
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T

T1L969T

T1B;W1T;VT@




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


M/&1I=CXW
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M
M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE


M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT@

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
M

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]






@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M96%S97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I



L


M
2P@
C`T-RX@0V5R=&%I;B!L96%S97
@8V]N=&%I;B!R96YE=V%L(&]P=&EO
M;G








3!P=#L@;6%R




2P@
C`Q




M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

38P.SPO

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E



T0P

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M(&)G8V]L;W(]


#$S


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
2PS
#
\+V1I




M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
2PP


T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#@W)3L@9F]N=UF

24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C`Q-CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

@

38P.SPO9&EV


M=&EM97

38P


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

F4Z(#$P
M<'0[)SX\9&EV/E1H97)E869T97(\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



M(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@

38P.SPO9&EV

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B





M9&EV/B8C


@

38P.SPO9&EV



M(S$V


@;F5W(')O;6%N


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M
M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE


Q-C`[
'!E;G-E('5N

M;2!R96YT86QS(&%S('=E;&P@87
@8V%N8V5L86)L92!A;F0@;F]N8V%N8V5L





#`E.R!F;VYT+69A



G!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M93H@

R4[

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



3!P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


3(\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D

G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

'!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L






'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R





T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z


3!P=#L@;6%R

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]



M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]






@

M:6X@
C`Q





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N


M;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

#L\+V1I



T1B






T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

M



3!P=#L@

T1B



38P
M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F


M;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

#L\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]






T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@

T1N;W=R87`@



#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^


M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M



M

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!F;VYT+69A


M/C$Y


@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M=CX\9&EV/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI





M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






#L\+V1I


T0G

M


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\


M86QI9VX]


M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B



M9&EV/C(P

T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



M



6QE/3-$)W1E


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C`Q-CPO9&EV



M





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3!P


@

38P.SPO9&EV



M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



@;F5W(')O
F4Z(#$P<'0[
M)SX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M93H@

T1N;W=R87`@





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B

L(&)O



M:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT

Q+#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


3(\+V1I=CX\+V1I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




C`Q
3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B

M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@

F4Z(#$P<'0[
M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@

T1N;W=R87`@



#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^


M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M



M

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!F;VYT+69A




@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




L('=H:6QE('1H92!L
M96%S92!F;W(@=&AE(&]T:&5R(&9A8VEL:71I97
L(&QA;F0@86YD(&5Q=6EP
'1E;G-I;VX@870@;W5R



M)#(N





@87!P;&EC86)L92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M!;&P@

@87)E(&-O;G-I9&5R960@=&\@8F4@87)M)W
M;&5N9W1H






3!P=#L@


@;6]R92!T:&%N(#4E



@
M9&%T97


M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P

Q+#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

'!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


3(\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




C`Q
3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


3!P
M=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R


F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



#L\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^



T0G

M=&EM97

38P

M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL







@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


T0G=&5X










M;6ET;65N='

C`Q-2X@5V4@





M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

L('=E



@9F]R('-P96-I9FEC(&UA

@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q
M+`R,#$S+`R


M=&AE(&-O;6UI=&UE;G0@:7


'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SLG








M8V5R=&%I;B!I;G-T86YC97


M('1H92!S:71E(&]R(&5V96YT+B!4:&4@=&5R;7



@9&%T97
@36%Y
M(#








#`E.R!F;VYT+69A




T0G=&5X

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#L@
M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

M86QI9VX]

F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B
M;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



3!P=#L@9F]N


M

T1N;W=R


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T

'0M:6YD

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@



T0G8F%C:V=R


M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#8S)3L@9F]N=UF86UI

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T



M





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q


M9&EV/C(L


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`V


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C`Q-#PO9&EV/CPO

M=&EM97

38P





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT



M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^

T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V


3PO



M/B8C


#$U


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
2PV
#D\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


M.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q



M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V





M)SX\9&EV/B8C


M=CXR


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-3@T/]D:78^/]T


M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^


24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


3!P=#LG/CQD



F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\
M9&EV/C(P,3<\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




T0G=&5X



M

M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@



T1B


T0G8F%C

T1B;W1T;VT@




M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1B






M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q



#L\+V1I






T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



#L\+V1I
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O







M

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B;W1T



T0G=&5X


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E
M-E\P

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!M87)G
M:6XM<FEG:'0Z(#!P=#LG/DYO=&4@,3DN)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[4F5L871E9U0



Q-C`[/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SLG/D%S
M(&]F(&)O=&@@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L($$M0B!O=VYE


M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@


M(BDN/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P







M;2!-87D@
2P@
C`Q
2`H=&AE()#;VUM96YC96UE;G0@1&%T92(I('5N=&EL
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R



C`Q






M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3@L('1H92!!+4(@1&ES=')I8G5T;W(@06=R965M96YT
M('-E='
@36%R9VEN($9E97

#(X+!A=`D








Q-C`[/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



T0G=&5X

M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

M





M=&EO;G

M/3-$


3!P=#LG



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0Q,!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M;BUR:6=H=#H@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT








T0G=&5X


38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]

'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL





M;W=R87`]




M;&4]


@




@=&\@02U/]D
M:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]




M

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV




#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M(S$V

M97




3DL.#@U/]D:78^/]T9#X\








M:6]N(&]F(%-A;&5S/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q








@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



T0G=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD


M4V%L97

M93H@-S`E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&5X=UT;W`[)SXH
3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V



M


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]



T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C@\+V1I


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]


T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1N;W=R

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R('-T


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F

G!T


\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@

M86QI9VX]




M/B8C



M




3!P=#LG


T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G





24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI
M9VX]


M9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L


@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^






'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M(#!P=#LG/D5F9F5C=&EV92!397!T96UB97(@
2P@
C`Q
BP@:6X@=&AE(&)E



@=&AR

#$S+CPO



M/3-$


3!P=#LG



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0V('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P


T0G=&5X


M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A

M=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT


M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W

M/&1I=CXF(S$V


T1N;W=R





T0G










M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT





M;&4]


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

T1B;W1T



T0G

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-C


T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V








M9VX]




M)SX\9&EV/B@R+#0W


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V


2PW-#8\






M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M86QI9VX]


M9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M


T1B;W1T;VT@

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXI/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<B!B9V-O;&]R/3-$=VAI

'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M:'0Z(TW+C)P=#LG/B8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.TYE=!A;6]U
M;G0@9'5E(&9R;VT@02U/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^
M/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D

T0G=&5X

M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

\
M+V1I=CX\9&EV/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N






M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P






M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG/EEE87(@16YD960\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@


Q+#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD
M:78^)B






3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





#$P/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W





T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@


T1B


M.B`Q


@82!C;VUP;VYE;G0@;V8@4V%L97
\+V1I=CX\+V1I


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T


M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M(#!P=#LG/C4L
#










M='



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R<^
M/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\+V1I
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8V4W8C$V
M-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P




M97%U:78]


]






]
T1R



[


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT



@=&AA
2!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q


T1T;W`^
M06-C;W5N='




@9'5E










M='


M(&%V86EL86)L92!E=FED96YC92X@5VAE;B!A('-P96-I9FEC(&%C8V]U;G0@
M:7
@9&5E;65D('5N8V]L;&5C=&EB;&4L('1H92!A8V-O=6YT(&ES('=R:71T

M;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@=V%S(0R-2PP,#`@870@8F]T:!$96-E

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE








\+V1I=CX\9&EV


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M;BUR:6=H=#H@




M=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2








@;VX@;W5R



96%S96AO



'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@





M='


M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


@:7





T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN


\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E


3!P=#L@




M



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



B`F(S@R
3$[(#$P('EE87)S/]D:78^/]T



M;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E


3!P=#L@



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M=#H@




M;B!O9B!








M9FQO=W


#$R+`R,#$Q(&]R(#(P,3`N/]D

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&%R92!A;6]R=&EZ960@




M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

T0C8V-E

M969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q

T1T








T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA









@8F5E;B!A;&QO8V%T960@=&\@;W5R($)E97(@

M:7


M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R

T1T;W`^26YD969I;FET92U



















@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@


@;VX@



M93H@


@87
@


N($ME9W



@;V8@=VAE=&AE


M:6QI='D@)B
X

M;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='






M9&5N=#H@





3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN










2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@

M;F0@)#4N


T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
@;V8@4FES:SPO
3H@8FQO8VL[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

M93H@



@

@;V8@=VAO;&5S86QE









@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F









M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N


M:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('-A;&5S('1O(&$@;65M8F5R(&]F('1H92!!


M;V8@=&AE($$M0B!W:&]L97-A;&4@9&ES=')I8G5T;W(@;F5T=V]R:R!M87D@

'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M:'0Z(#!P=#LG/E=E(')E8V]G;FEZ92!R979E;G5E(&]N(&-O;G1R86-T(&)R


M




]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^/&1I

@



M

M+#`P

M871E;65N='

M86=E;F-I97

T0G

]

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&ET86QI8SL@=&5X=UI


3!P









M96YS97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I


M='




@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`L('=E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@8V]S='
@
M9F]R(&%L;!O9B!T:&5S92!A8W1I=FET:65S('1O=&%L:6YG(0Q
BXT(&UI









3!P



@;V8@26YC;VUE+CPO9&EV/CQD



]

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&ET86QI

M

'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M:&%R97





M9F4N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P






M(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87


'!E8W1E9!F=71U<F4@86-T:79I='DN/]D:78^/&1I=B!S










M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S

@;V8@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V

M9'5R:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0N($1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W









M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE

@;V8@87-S




M=&4N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P





!R971U<FX@<&]S:71I
M;VYS('=H96X@:70@:7,@9&5T97)M:6YE9!T:&%T('1H92!P;W-I=&EO;G
@


M;W)D960@87

M070@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
!B96YE9FET<R!O<B!A;GD@:6YT97)E


T1T;W`^4V5G;65N








M97)A=&EO;G


L(%)E9&AO;VLL($MO;F$@86YD($]M:7-S
M:6]N)B

N(%!U8G




M:6UA=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/CQD


M:71A;&EC.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I

'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q









@=6YD97(@9&EF9F5R

N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


]
T1P

]

M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N




'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SLG







M:6=N:69I8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(A486)L97
I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
















M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT


T1T


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@

'!T

3`@)B
X


M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

X
C$Q.R`Q

M.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M:6=H=#H@

'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM










@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SLG



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN




3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I

'!T


]


M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q

M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

Q+#PO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#LG/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

3$\+V1I
6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M
M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)SX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q







T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&UA<F=I;BUR:6=H=#H@,'!T.R<^,2PR-C`\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D


3!P=#LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P
M<'0[(&UA<F=I;BUR:6=H=#H@,'!T.R<^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

M9F9F9F8[)SX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q









@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




M:#H@


24[)SX\9&EV


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M:6=H=#H@

'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M=&EM97



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A
M7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P

P+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;W)I97


]



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E


3!P=#L@



T0P

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



@




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

T1B;W1T






B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[

3!P
M=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M


'!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A


M93H@

M



M86QI9VX]


M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES


3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT

M

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG





T1R

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/B0\













T0G




T1N;W=R87`@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q



M;V1S/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M


'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M





M






T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E


3!P=#L@



M


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/B8C
M











M(S$V
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXS-#$\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]



@







@

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R<^)#PO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T<'@@9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

@;F5W(')O

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O





M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
M


T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




M='


M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





3!P=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E

M


M(S$V


G!X.R!F




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N

Q-C`[

#L\+W1D/CQT



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@



M;&0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/CQT



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE


M.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

2PX


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@



M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

2PU
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<B!B9V-O;&]R/3-$=VAI=&4^/'1D(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P






M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M)B




M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^








M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q



M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q






G!X.R!W


M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

3!P
M=#LG/B8C








F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXW.3$\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R






M)SXF(S$V
#L@/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M)SXF(S$V


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F



3!P=#LG/C

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/B8C


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M)B

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q






M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V-E-V(Q-C5?83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C
M939?

O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\









M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M86QI9VX]

T0G




M)SY=6EL9&EN9W,\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA

3L@

\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

M='5R97
@86YD(&]T:&5R(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


3L@
3`@

\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

T0G






T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N

M;7!R;W9E;65N='



3!P



M-C5?83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C939?
#%D.3AD964Q939B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=C93=B
38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX
M9&5E

S


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5+2#X-

I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




@86-C







T0P

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M;B!P86ED/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

C
W/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W



24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M=&5R97-T(&EN($MO;F$@:&5L9!A=!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!D871E/]D:78^
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE









T1R
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


T0G
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE/CPO


]

M97



M9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



#L\


M;&4]



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I



@

38P.SPO9&EV


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I






G!T

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-PQ
M-S0\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M('1R861E;6%R:W
\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT@



M96YT.B`M




Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&]T86P@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

T1N;W=R87`@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



T0G

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN




M9VX]




M)SX\9&EV/B8C


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I



T0G=VED




M9VX]




M)SX\9&EV/C0L






M;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B






M=CXF(S$V

M86QI9VX]


G!X.R!W:61T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I





Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@87-S=6UE9#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO



M


M



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



T1N;W=R87`@



#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z








M

M86QI9VX]




T1R
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


T0G
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE/CPO


]










38P.S$L
M(#(P
3`@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W













T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M93H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#@X)3LG/CQD
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@





@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO






'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@



@86YD(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W

M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^


M

M;&4]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A
M7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P

T+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/C$R($UO

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@







'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q








#`E


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A








F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R/CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M:7IE.B`Q


M



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=&EM97








3L@



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG










@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS






M)SX\9&EV/B8C




@;F5W(')O;6%N


T1B;W1T




M



M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



T0G


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

M=&EM97

38P


M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






T0G=VED=&@Z


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


M.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q



M86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



M=CXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z



\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T


M9VX]

F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C;VQO

'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q






3!P=#LG/CQD:78^*#4Q
SPO9&EV/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I




M9VX]







T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I



T0G=VED
3H@=&EM97
@



M9VX]




M)SX\9&EV/B8C


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@


M=&EM97

38P



M9&EV/B8C


24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-#0P


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V





M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT@





M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B@R,3`\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R
M87`]


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V





T1B;W1T;VT@


M=&EM97

S
#PO



M/B8C




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT



M;&4]


M97

38P.SPO



M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS





@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

@

38P.SPO9&EV


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A


@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S



M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q



M






M


M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/BD\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^



@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\

24[


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG




M;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M


M1-C8V5E9F8^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I


M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M(S$V

M97

38P.SPO


T0G

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C@P/]D:78^/]T9#X\


G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

@;F5W(')O

S8\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T


M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




M;&4]


M=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA

@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

T1N;W=R87`@



#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



#L\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T




M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T


24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^

M



M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V


M(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



#L\



#L\+V1I=CX\






#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B




T0G8F]R9&5R

T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X(&1O=6)L


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q







#`E


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A





F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G






3!P=#L@9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





T0G


38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]



M



M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


M=&EM97


M9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI






M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M9VX]


T0G

]


I.CPO9&EV/CQD



M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C`Q-#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C`Q


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



M;&4]


M97




M

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/C(P,3<\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I





@;F5W(')O;6%N




M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G



T0G=&5X
F4Z(#$P
M<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE/CPO9&EV



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y.&1E93%E-F(O5V]R:W-H



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



M9VX]

M:6=A=&EO;G

M
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G





#`E.R!F



G!X.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL











M.B`Q


T1N



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[
M)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97








3L@=&5X


M



M;&4]


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q






BPR



M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

M9VX]

F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C;VQO

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT



M=6QY(#$L(#(P
34\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M


24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


3!P=#LG/CQD


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[('1E
3H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M:7-S;W)Y(&YO=&5S/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M









M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
S0V/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q



#L\+V1I



3D\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
38\
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R
M<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C$\+V1I
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N


M
3H@
M=&EM97



M=&EM97

38P


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]








#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N









M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q



M;W=R87`]


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N
!S
M;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL


M

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q






M/CQD:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B



M
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T
M=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R





3!P=#L@9F]N

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^
M)B


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B


'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA




M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R




M9&EV/B8C


M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


#L\


@;F5W


M('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





M9VX]


M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T



M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#4Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#$T/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT



@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\



M


T1B;W1T







M9&EV/B8C





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]



M



24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]



T0G



24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q


T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A



M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L


M93H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M86QI9VX]


M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^








M
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=CXF(S$V

M=&EM97

38P


M

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^+3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M97

38P.SPO




M



T0G=&5X

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^+3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT@




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE



C(W)B


T1B





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF






3!P=#LG/CQD:78^+28C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A




M9&EV/B8C


M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q



M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B



@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M97

38P.SPO




M


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]








#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M(S$V

M97

38P.SPO


T0G

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^





M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

M9VX]


M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#LG







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B



M

Q





M97

38P.SPO

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M
M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA



38P


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D



#L\+V1I


M
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A




M9&EV/B8C


M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


M=&EM97


M9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

2PX
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF





M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M86QI9VX]




M

M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M


T0G=&5X


]




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F




XQ-24@=&\@,XS

M


I.CPO9&EV/CQD


G!X.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL



3`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@

M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97




T0G

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD
M:78^)B

!S;VQI
M9#LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('1E
3H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M/C(P

M

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@=&5X


M
C`Q


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q





T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V
M,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9!A


M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
S0\+V1I=CX\


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T




M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L87DZ(&)L


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A,#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
M,60Y.&1E93%E-F(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V-E
M-V(Q-C5?83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C939?

O
M4VAE970S-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

I

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




T1T;W`^


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M9F]R(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@*&EN('1H

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN

#L\+V1I=CX\
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L87DZ(&)L;V-K


T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@=&5X


M1&5R:79A=&EV97


@;F5W

M/&1I=CXF(S$V

;W-S*2!2


M+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

M



;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!


F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I
M=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/CQD:78^)B

!S
M;VQI9#LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

3!P




'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/CQD:78^)B



F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B

F4Z(#$P<'0[
M)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE<R!N

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

B!V86QI9VX]
M




M


M



3!P=#L@;6%R


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@

M


M='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

G!X.R!F;VYT+69A


M/B8C




B!V86QI9VX]
M



M=CXF(S$V


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
S4S/]D:78^/]T



3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B


T1N;W=R


3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

@;F5W



3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^


M/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M:'0Z(#!P=#LG/C(P
3$\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO

T1N;W=R


3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#L\+V1I
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z


3!P=#L@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`M



#L\+V1I


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T


M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T

T1L969T





#$P/]D
M:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M97

38P.SPO

T1B


M97
6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M9VX]

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF



M=CXT


3!P=#LG/CQD




M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V




T1B;W1T


M97

38P.SPO

M


M



F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=UF

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M




M

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T






3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN

Q+#PO9&EV/CPO

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M86QI9VX]



M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q












M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]






M87`]

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T1B




M(S$V

M97

38P.SPO


M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-4[

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI


3!P

#$Q/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^



M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M97

38P.SPO



T0R




M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-S



M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R







MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V8V7V)C939?
#%D.3AD964Q939B
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=C93=B
38U7V$P
6%?
M-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E








]




]




T0G=&5X








T0P(&-E;&QS

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


#$R

M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

M)SY

F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I
M=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/CQD:78^)B

!S
M;VQI9#LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I


M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

B!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X


M




'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N



3L@=&5X


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q



3!P=#LG/CQD



M)SX\9&EV/B8C





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M=&EM97




M/B8C




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


@






T0G




M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q







M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\

M


T1N;W=R

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q



M;&4]


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T









M
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M97(@
S$L(#(P
F4Z(#$P<'0[
M)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@.24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M





M/B8C


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO



T0G=&5X

T1N;W=R



M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

G!X


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG





T1B;W1T



T0G


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V







M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q








M+6EN9&5N=#H@


]






M8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M(#



3!P=#LG
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9&EV('-T




'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M=#LG/C(P
6QE/3-$
M)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)SX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES


3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&UA<F=I;BUR:6=H=#H@,'!T.R<^
M,2PR-C`\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&UA<F=I;BUR:6=H=#H@,'!T.R<^)#PO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]

T0G


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT


2PR-S4\+V1I=CX\



M:#H@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




M
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
M8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y.&1E93%E-F(O5V]R:W-H965T



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T

]



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E









@;6%R9VEN




Q-C`[/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN



#`E.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL



M.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I


M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R




3!P=#L@9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





T0G


38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L


'!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS

T1R

M9VX]


M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M


24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/C$V
M.2PR.#<\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W
M:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS




24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]





M
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=CXF(S$V

M=&EM97




PP,C8\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!N;W=R87`]



#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI


3!P

M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M

@

38P.SPO9&EV






@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M


24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/B4\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q


M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M



M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V


M(S$V



M:6=H=#H@

C`Q
3PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@


M=&EM97

38P



M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M97

38P.SPO





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I




@;F5W(')O;6%N





M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T


M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M


M1-C8V5E9F8^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T


24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]



24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q


M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M





M



T0G

M9VX]


M9VX]


M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L


M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T



M


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO

M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1L969T('9A

M9VX]




M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M86QI9VX]


M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T














M


@


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
34N



@;F5W(')O;6%N

M86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T






M;F-E;G1R871I;VX@4FES:W

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q











@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@


S$L

M='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

#L\


M

M9VX]



M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

M

M+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

M



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N





24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



T0G


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B




M=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T1B




'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I<W!L




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




S$\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA

F4Z(#$P
M<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


3$\+V1I=CX\+V1I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T1B;W1T



@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





V8V7V)C939?
#%D
M.3AD964Q939B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=C93=B
M
38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5*0T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@






M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


@86YD(%-T;V-K



]


]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P

M96YS871I;VX@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W





#`E.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL


6QE/3-$




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF
M(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD
M:78^)B

!S;VQI
M9#LG/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('1E
3H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M/C(P

M

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@=&5X


M
C`Q


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q

3H@=&EM97
@;F5W




M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M(S$V

M97





M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-2XY.3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A


@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


@

38P.SPO9&EV


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I



M:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]



T0G=&5X



M

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-C`\+V1I=CX\+W1D





T0G


@;F5W

CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M97

38P.SPO




M


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A



M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L


M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


M.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT





M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

F5D(&EN(&]U<B!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N


M;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

#L\+V1I



T1B






T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

M



3!P=#L@

T1B



38P
M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F


M;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

#L\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]






M+BX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M93H@


T1B;W1T




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S






M97

38P.SPO



M=CXF(S$V


@;F5W(')O

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@






M





3!P=#L@9F]N=UW
M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


T1B


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M



M(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M;BUR:6=H=#H@

C`Q
#PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B

M/3-$(V-C965F9CX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S








F4Z(#$P
M<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
BXX



M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\



N.#8\+V1I=CX\



M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES


3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L


M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^

M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

T1B;W1T







M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




#L\+V1I


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]



M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M9VX]


M9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V


M
BXQ



M)SXE/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q



#L\+V1I



BXU-#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M97


'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM


M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=&EM97




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N







M.B`Q


#$Q/]D:78^
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M(S$V

M97

38P.SPO




M
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=CXF(S$V

M=&EM97




P/]D:78^/]T9#X\





'!T


M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
3(S+#4R-3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


M97

38P.SPO






'!T.R!M







M87`]

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]


M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

T1B;W1T;VT@




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A
M9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M



M


M9VX]






2P@
C`Q
M

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B




T1B

F4Z(#$P<'0[
M)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@<&%D9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#1P

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F




M86YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/CQD




3!P=#L@;6%R

M

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQD:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#L@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M93H@
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

#L\



3!P=#L@9F]N

M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

M



'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/CQD:78^)B

M965F9CX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS




M


24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]


M;&4]


24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
3AP


M/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


#L\+V1I


@;F5W(')O

M9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q



T0G=VED=&@Z


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@

@=F%L=64\+V1I=CX\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M

@


M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#`P/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
S8V+#`P
#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO





B!V86QI9VX]
M

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

\

T1B;W1T


M97

38P.SPO




3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`W+C1P=#LG/C8N



M


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]



]


]


@


'!T

T0G
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\='(^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X




M(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA

M9VX]


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V,#L@/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



B!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F


T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=&EM97




M9VX]



M




M86QI9VX]



M;&4]





T1B;W1T;VT@









Q

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N



Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]



@;F5W




M93H@

M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N



!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z




@;F5W(')O

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]


M.B`M.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#EP=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@



T0G


M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXQ.PY
S$\

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X



F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXF(S$V,#L@/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M97

#L\+W1D/CQT

M('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B



T0G=VED


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A



#L\



T1L969T




M

@;F5W(')O



24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/B8C
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXQ,C0\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]



M97

#L\+W1D/CQT



M)SXF(S$V

M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M97

#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F



M97

#L\+W1D/CPO

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W8V4W
M8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P



M='`M97%U:78]

]






]

]
T1T

]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE





M.B`Q



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@


M;&4]

M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=&EM97




M87`]



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z
M(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL









'0M

M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#EP=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B



M


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T









M




M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


@;F5W






M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q


M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q





M)SX\9&EV/B8C


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q


M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO




M)SX\9&EV/B8C




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@


T1B;W1T;VT@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X



M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@


M;&4]



M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE



]


3H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
@87







M



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N


M

M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN


M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97




M



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=&EM97








'0M86QI

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#EP
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
2PU





M9VX]




M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M86QI9VX]

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C

T0G=&5X

M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M(S$V

M97

38P.SPO


T0G

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-38W/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q



#L\+V1I



3D\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



@







T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O

CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

@

38P.SPO9&EV


M=&EM97

38P


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]





M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



M9VX]


M9VX]


M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M


M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R

T1B


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

T0G=&5X







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M9VX]





T0G=&5X



24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/BD\+W1D/CQT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]








#L\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M(S$V

M97

38P.SPO




#L\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M

@

38P.SPO9&EV

M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M=&0@86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/BT\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B






@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M:6=H=#H@





M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA

T1B;W1T;VT@






M



38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H

#$R/]D:78^/]D:78^

G!X.R!F



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





3!P=#L@
M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


T1B;W1T


M97

38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B

M=&0@86QI9VX]



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^


M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
BPP-3D\





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT+7-I


M

M


T1N;W=R87`@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&1I




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M86QI9VX]

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C

T1B;W1T


M/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S


T0G

M=&EM97

38P


M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!F;VYT+69A




@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



#L\



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M(S$V

M97

38P.SPO

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]






M


M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q


@

38P.SPO9&EV

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T

'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E

T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V


#L\



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E


3!P=#L@


M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]


M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q





M





M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/BD\
M+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


#L\


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


T0G=&5X
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXI/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<B!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]


M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI
M9VX]


M9VX]


M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/BD\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET
M93X\=&0@86QI9VX]




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^*#$V.#PO9&EV/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

T1B





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I









M


@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T




@

38P.SPO9&EV


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXI/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<B!B9V-O



T0G8F]R

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X(&1O


M='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^*#$T+#
Q-CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^








M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!O=7(@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN
M9R!L;W-S97,@86YD(&%L=&5R;F%T:79E(&UI;FEM=6T@=&%X(&-R961I=!C



!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P
M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P


3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN




M





T0G=&5X



#L\


@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


T0G=&5X


T0G=VED=&@Z(#@X)3LG/CQD
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE


\+V1I=CX\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M(S$V

M97








@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y.&1E









]


]



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M



2AK*2!P;&%N(&9O




@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`L('=E(&UA

M;6EN:6UU;2!O9B!T:')E92!M;VYT:'

65A







M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F


M



#L\+V1I=CX\


F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I
M=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T






T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M93H@
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

#L\



3!P=#L@9F]N

T1B;W1T



38P.SPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT


M



#L\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]





#$H
M:RD@97AP96YS93PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M9VX]




T0G

M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-#(X


#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E
M-E\P



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


@




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




M=&EN9R!L96%S97
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@87)E(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B

M(S$V


M

M:6YG/3-$


3!P



3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^
C`Q







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M



@;F5W(')O;6%N








@;F5W(')O;6%N

#`V/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M86QI9VX]


M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3!P



@

38\+V1I=CX\





M


@


M=&EM97

38P


T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\

M=&@Z(#@W)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q


M9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F


T0G
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@8F=C;VQO


M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=CX\9&EV


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M;BUR:6=H=#H@


2P@
M
C`Q




M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

T1B;W1T




M9&EV/B8C




38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

B!V86QI9VX]
M








@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT


M(#@W)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q



24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M



F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV
M/C(P,30\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T









#L\



M

M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#@W)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N

M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M




T0G=&5X

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M(S$V



F4Z(#$P<'0[)SY4:&5R96%F=&5R/]T9#X\

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG




M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F




24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@

T1N;W=R87`@



#L\



!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M9VX]



M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V


F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(@


M9VX]


M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L




38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B



M/C(P

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



#L\







3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C`Q-3PO9&EV/CPO

M=&EM97

38P





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT



@;F5W(')O;6%N



M=VED=&@Z(#@W)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q



M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^
C




3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
C`Q-SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



T0G



G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


M+6)O='1O;3H@

@

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M



T1B;W1T;VT@




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A
M9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0[(&1I

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M=#H@







M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@86)O=F4Z/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I







3!P=#L@9F]N=UW
M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT








T0G=&5X


38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]

'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]


@;F5W(')O;6%N


M=CXQ
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T
M=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


M-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M;&4]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A


@


@:6YC;'5D92!A('-H





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T1N




M

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN


M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97




M



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=&EM97








'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q



M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA


M



T0G=&5X
F4Z(#$P
M<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE/CPO9&EV

]
T1P

T0G



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P

L



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/CQD:78^)B





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@


!S;VQI9#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!F;VYT



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^


M86QI9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

#L\


M93H@

M86QI9VX]

F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B
M;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I=CXF(S$V
M,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SX\9&EV

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE



M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
G!X('-O;&ED.R!W:61T:#H@





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M





M97AP96YS93PO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



#L\+V1I
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N

M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X



@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@


M
BPW-3D\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@
24[)SX\9&EV/B8C



'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M
BPS-38\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^


]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@






@*&EN('1H;W5S86YD

'!T.R!D:7-P

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQD:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




2P\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I


M
B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


M:6=H=#H@

C`Q



'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z
M(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@


T1B;W1T;VT@


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B





@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F

M:'0Z(#!P=#LG/C(P

M)SX\9&EV/B8C


'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


T0G=&5X


M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X


T0G8F]R


M87`]


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





3!P=#LG/CQD:78^


'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SLG



]


]



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@

M



M(&YO;F5X96-U=&EV92!O9F9I8V5R+B!




M97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@86)O=F4Z/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$P


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S




M;W=R87`]



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A










M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=&EM97


#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F


M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M
M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q



M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE








M('1H:7



M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@86)O=F4Z/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I







3!P=#L@9F]N=UW
M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT








T0G=&5X


38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]

'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL



#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]


@;F5W(')O;6%N


M=CXT
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T
M=&]M.B`T<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q


M-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/C0Q/]D:78^

M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B
M;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SLG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CQS

]



3H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@





2P@
C`Q









#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

T1B;W1T





#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



3!P=#L@9F]N



3!P

T1N;W=R87`@


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M:&EP/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('1E
3H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B


M9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



@;F5W

M/&1I=CXF(S$V


T1B




M(S$V

M97



38L
S
Q/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M9VX]



M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M/&1I=CXF(S$V








F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/C(P,30\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]



M









M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V


T1B;W1T




M

@

38P.SPO9&EV

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B


@;F5W(')O

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L




38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



M




M=CXF(S$V

M=&EM97

38P


M

M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q





38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M


T0G

T1B;W1T


M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




M






M969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T




M

M:#H@


#L\+V1I=CX\


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@



24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T



M



T0G=&5X




M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



#L\+V1I=CX\






T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@-'!X(&1O=6)L


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

T1N



M(S$V
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B
M8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@




]
T1R






M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M1=W:61T:#H@,3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@


M;&4]





T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA





38P
M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F


M;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

#L\+V1I



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M93H@
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

#L\



3!P=#L@9F]N

T1B;W1T










M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q









T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M
3







@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




T1L969T('9A






@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



@;F5W

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO


M97

38P.SPO

M;W=R87`]

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\


M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#EP=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1N;W=R87`@

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&1I




@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M


M86QI9VX]


M;&4]


@




M=CX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=CXF(S$V

M=&EM97

38P


M

24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^+3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M97

38P.SPO




M



T0G=&5X





M;CTS1')I9VAT(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9&EV/CQD


M87`]



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@

M87`]



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M=&EM97

38P
M.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@

M87`]



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



T0G=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
M,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SX\9&EV/B8C


3!P=#LG/C$R
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





T0G



M;&4]

@;F5W



T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/CQD:78^
M)B



#L\


Q-C`[(#QF;VYT('-T




M

M;&4]
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-7!T.R<^


M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N



M:6YG/3-$


3!P



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW
M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0V('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


T0G


M(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I


M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@




T1N





M




T0G=&5X






M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I




T1B;W1T;VT@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;&EN93L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q




M)SX\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

T1B



M

24[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/CQD
M:78^)B



3!P=#LG/CQD:78^-C
P


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V




T0G=VED=&@Z



M86QI9VX]








@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=CXF(S$V


2PW




M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M86QI9VX]
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M.B`Q)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q


T1B;W1T

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXI/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<B!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

M;6]U;G0@9'5E(&9R;VT@02U/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

24[

3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

24[(&9O

3!P=#LG
M/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M
3!P=#LG/CQD:78^)B



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T.R!F;VYT





#$P


M1=W:61T:#H@,3`P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@


M;&4]

@;F5W






F4Z(#$P<'0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R<^/&1I
M=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T






B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M

3!P=#L@9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9&EV/C(P,3`\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R
M87`]





T1B;W1T;VT^

M96YT.B`M.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#EP=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T



M/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M=&EM97

38P

M




3!P=#L@;6%R


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q

#L\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


@=&\@2T)#




T1N;W=R


3!P
M=#LG/CQD:78^)B

M(V-C965F9CX\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



M=!T;R!#;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S/]D:78^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]


T1B;W1T

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y.&1E93%E-F(O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]
T1R93X-




M86QI9VX]




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A,#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
M,60Y.&1E93%E-F(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V-E
M-V(Q-C5?83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C939?

O
M4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



]





]



]
M

]
















]
T1N=6UP






]

#`L

#`L


#`L

#`L
#`P




]



BPP
#`L
#`P/'-P





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]



]
T1T97AT

]






BPT
#`L

3$L.3`P+#`P



T1T;W`^







]
T1T


M











]



T1T;W`^1FEX960M

M




]


]


]





]
M





@6TUE;6)E

]






]
T1R




]
T1R


]
M






]
M



]





]
M

]
M

]


]

M86QI9VX]




M96YT(%M-96UB97)=('P@36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@











]


]


















]
M



M=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S/'-P




M-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P

M;G1E;G0]

04
^

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P


M9VX]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@




T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
\


]
M

]
T1N

M86QI9VX]




M1&YU;7`^



]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M
V8V7V)C939?
#%D.3AD964Q939B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S=C93=B
38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E
64V8B]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4V24%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S




]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PX




#`\

M

M=&]P/E!R97!A:60@26YS=7)A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S











]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPX
M



M4&%R=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P





M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38V+#0Y

M86QI9VX]

M-C



]
T1P






]

]





]



T1T;W`^4')O



]




:6YE($ET96US



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&%N9!A;F0@










]












]




M(%M




]


]


]





]




]






M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5604%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]


M
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]












#`E








#`L


34L
3`P+#`P







]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C`P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]


3(L

3
L
S(V+#`P


]


M







M


T1T
M;W`^4&5R:6]D:6






]


]


]







]




]
T1T

]
T1T




M85\T
V8V7V)C939?

O4VAE970U
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]

]

]

M;'-P86X]


M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

]



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-C8W+#`P

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-34Y+#`P


]


]



M




]


]


]


]


]


]


M;VYA(&AE;&0@870@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@9&%T93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



















T1T;W`^












]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

M86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S(&%C









]


]


]


]











]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M



BPR.#
L
#`P/'-P86X^

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97,@87-S=6UE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S










]

C(L









3(L
M.3$W+#`P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V
2PP
#`L

30P+#@U
BPP






]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
P.2PP





M97)A=&EO;G











]


]


]


]




]
































]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(&9R;VT@97%U





#`P/'-P86X^






M
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P

M;G0]



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P


M;&4@07-S971S(%M






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

C`Y





]

]
T1N=6UP


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Y









]

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@


#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]







T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9G5T=7)E(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO


]
T1T97AT

]







]


]



]


]

]
T1P



]


]




]




M;VYG/D9I;FET92U

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]







M




S


M=')A8W1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X









]


]







]

]
T1R;SX-






]

C



]



]





M='


]




]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]





]
T1T97AT/CQS





]

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$Q

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^5&5R;2!
;V%N(%M-96UB

M


#$P
M/&)R/DQI;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



S$L(#(P

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5T=&5R(&]F($-R

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^4')O;6ES


@6TUE

M

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^4')E



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3F]T92!7:71H

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L
#@R+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L.#(R+#`P
#QS


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`P+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-#`T+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3$Y+#`P



2PP




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]




RPQ
M.#@L

























M/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6P@


]


]

P-@D)


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/DIU;`Q+`T*
M0DR































#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


















]


]



]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]






#`P/'-P


M


M=&]P/C(P

]



]
















]


]


]





T1T;W`^
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]


]


]


]


]


]



]



]





]


]







3$L.#(R
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8P






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C`\


M+#`P


M


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]


]




]
T1R



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT



]
T1N=6UP/C$N


BXP











]



]


]


]







]


]


]


]


]


]


]


























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4F%T:6\@;V8@26YD96)T

M=6T@*&EN(&AU;F1R961T:'
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

























@4&%Y86)L92!T



















































]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N


]


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8N






































]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
38L





M=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='
@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
T1N=6UP/B0@




:6YE($ET96US



]


T1T;W`^3F]T:6]N86P@=F%L=64@;V8@



]

M(&AU;F1R961T:'


]
T1T

]






]




M=&EV97



M(%-T871E;65N='


]



T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(&]F($=A:6XO


]
T1N=6UP/C
U
M
RPP







]

M2&5D9VEN9R!296QA=&EO;G-H:7!S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@














]

M='

M:79A=&EV97






M=&5D(%-T871E;65N='


]


T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(&]F($QO


M;VUE(A%9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R=&EO;BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S@W+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#$P+#`P








]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P





]
M


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]




]
T1R:#X-










]
T1N=6UP/C4W

]
T1P







]


]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!F:6YA;F-I86P@


979E;`S(%M-96UB97)=/]T



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V-E-V(Q-C5?83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C939?
#%D

O4VAE970U-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^






]



S$L-S



]
T1N=6UP/C0U+#$X-CQS


M




S`N

C4N-C`E/'-P86X^








2XQ

]

]


]


]



]


]

]
T1P




]















2PV


2PW



]
T1N=6UP/C





]
T1T


M


\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#@R



T1T;W`^


M(#



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/C$V
M+C


V8V7V)C939?
#%D.3AD964Q939B#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=C93=B
38U7V$P
6%?-#-F
M-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E



M:G


M9#TS1$E$








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^36EN:6UU;2!;


2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M


M
S`L(#(P


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@

S$L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
C`P




#$R/&)R/C(P
#(@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N(%!L86X@6TUE


2P@
M
C`Q

#`R(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;B!0;&%N(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/D1I




























]


















M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S/'-P86X^/]S

]
T1T97AT/CQS





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$W


















































]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP


]


]


]


]


]


]



M;G









M(#0P+#`P



@=F%L=64@;V8@


C0S+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3W!T


























M=&EO;G


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]


]


]


]


]







































]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]


2PR
#`L



B!D87ES/'-P86X^























M;VYG/D9A:7(@5F%L=64@07-S=6UP=&EO;G
@86YD($UE=&AO9&]L;V=Y(%M!

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M

I











]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]










]
T1N=6UP/C`N
















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/C$P('EE87)S























]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M































]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E











































]


]


]


]


]




]














M


]

]


]


]


T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@9V]A;'

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]






]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E/'-P86X^

3(U+C`P


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&YO;B!E


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]




























#`\

M(#0V-RPP




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



V8V7V)C939?
#%D.3AD964Q
M939B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=C93=B
38U7V$P
M
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C

$5




@86YD($1I;'5T960@*$1E=&%I;'
I


M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$Q

]
T1R

]
T1R;SX-


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#@V

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4R


]









]
T1R93X-

M8V%L8W5L871I;VYS(&%S('1H97D@=V]U;&0@8F4@86YT:2UD:6QU=&EV92`H

]
T1N=6UP


M8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4












]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#DS+#`P


]
M

M




BPP



]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#0Q+#`P
M

M86QI9VX]


]
M


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L
S
U+#`P
M

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q.2PP




S(L

C8V+#`P


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

#0L




]
T1N=6UP/C$U
RPP
M


M;7`^

]


]
T1N=6T^*#$P



T1T;W`^26YC;VUE('1A






]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#4Y+#`P
#QS


T1T;W`^


]



]

]


T1T;W`^1&5F


]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P






]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#
V.2PP


]
M
T1N=6T^*#8L-#4P+#`P


]






38X+#`P


T1T;W`^

3@L-#
S+#`P

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.PQ
38L



@*&QI86)I;&ET:65S*2P@3F5T/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-2PY
#8L





]



T1T;W`^4W1A
M=&4@3D]


RPP






]



T1T;W`^1F5D



CDL



]

M969I='

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS


M-C5?83`Q85\T
V8V7V)C939?
#%D.3AD964Q939B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=C93=B
38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX
M9&5E


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5
4$%#

M/3-$


M;G
@*$1E=&%I;'








]



T1T;W`^16QI9VEB


]

]
T1P





]
T1R;SX-




]
T1T97AT/C



]





38U7V$P
6%?-#-F-E]B8V4V7S`Q9#DX9&5E
64V8@T*



]

M:60]
T1)1#!%

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

]


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`V+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

3$L
M.#(T+#`P

]
M

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97



M=&EN9R!
96%S960@07-S971S(%M






]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C8U+#`P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L
S4V+#`P


]


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

C8Q+#`P


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

C8Y+#`P


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

C
L


#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W5B(&QE87-E+!4;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]












2PP


]


T1T;W`^
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@

]


T1T;W`^
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@








T1T;W`^56YC;VYD:71I;VYA









]



T1T;W`^
C`Q
SPO

]



T1T;W`^
C`Q



]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]



M3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

]
M


M9VX]




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L
C8P+#`P


]

]
T1P

M1&YU;7`^
S$Y+#`P


]

]
T1P

M1&YU;7`^
38Y+#`P


]

]
T1P

M1&YU;7`^

]
M

]

M1&YU;7`^

]
M




]
M

]
M

]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4FEG:'0@=&\@8G5Y;W5T(&QE87-E(&9A8VEL:71Y+!-:6YI;75M


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$R
M-2PP


C(L


3(T+#`P



]







]




M97)A=&EN9R!L96%S92!T97)M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#XQ


]








M97)M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S/'-P



M=6)L96%S92!R96YT86P@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


C0R+#`P


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@










]
T1T97AT


T1T


]



]





]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@;&5A



]


]


#`P/'-P


]





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






]

I/]T9#X-B`@


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&EM:71E9!
:6%B:6QI






]





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]


]




M85\T
V8V7V)C939?

O4VAE970V
BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M;CTS1#8^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

T0R/D1E
M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

2P@
C`Q

CY$96
N(#






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


3$


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]





]
T1T

]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]






]
T1T

]


]



M






]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

@
M82!R961U8W1I;VX@;V8@4V%L97


]


]

]
T1F

]



RPP




]







]






]
T1N=6UP/C8P-RPP

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%M;W5N='





C(L


]

M





]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




#`\






#`P/'-P






]


]

BPT-S(L
#`P

]
T1N=6T^*#$L-S0V+#`P


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

]

M+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#$S+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C0L-C8W+#`P



]


T1T


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]






M=&%L(&9E97

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]




]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0R+C`P)3QS

]



]


T1T;W`^

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

T0W/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



M:6X@36%Y(#(P


M97AT4&%R=%\W8V4W8C$V-5]A
#%A7S0S9C9?8F-E-E\P
60Y.&1E93%E-F(-


T0B4VAE970P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U

M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970S,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,S,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970T,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970U,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-30N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$

M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
BYH

`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31
1
1
11
16
Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31
Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31
We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies
Year Ended December 31
We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020
Year Ended December 31



Rent Expense Under all Operating Leases
 Including Short-term Rentals
Rent expense under all operating leases
Year Ended December 31
2
2
2
356


        
We sub-lease corporate office space to an unrelated party pursuant to a 5-year lease that began in February 2011. The lessee also leased this space pursuant to a previous lease agreement in 2010 and 2009. The lessee may renew the lease for two additional five-year periods. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income
Year Ended December 31



        
We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies
Year Ended December 31
We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020
Year Ended December 31



        
Aggregate payments under purchase and sponsorship commitments as of December 31
16
2
18
2
1
3
1
1
20
3
24
747




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals. Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals.  Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the nature and significant terms of an unconditional purchase obligation; the amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the obligation as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the aggregate and
 if determinable
 for each of the five succeeding fiscal years; the nature of any variable components of the obligation; the amount purchased under the obligation (for example
 the take-or-pay or throughput contract) for the reporting period; and may include the amount of imputed interest necessary to reduce the obligation to present value.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Depreciation and Amortization of Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements
Depreciation and amortization of property
Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment


        
        


        
December 31
1
1
1
1
615




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities. Such certain disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate) and (2) the methodology and assumptions used in developing such estimates of fair value.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph c(2)
 d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 c(1)
 c(2)
 c(3)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We maintain cash balances with financial institutions that may exceed federally insured limits. We did not have any cash equivalents at December 31
 2012 or 2011.


        
Accounts receivable is comprised primarily of trade receivables due from wholesalers and A-B for beer and promotional product sales. Because of state liquor laws and each wholesaler's agreement with A-B
 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31
Activity related to our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial in 2012
 2011 and 2010.


        
Inventories
 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product's carrying value
 we reduce the product to a new cost basis. We record the cost of inventory for which we estimate we have more than a twelve-month supply as a component of Intangible and other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.


Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements
Property
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost reduced by proceeds received under applicable cash grants
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
Depreciation and amortization of property
Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment


        
We evaluate potential impairment of long-lived assets
 including definite-lived intangible assets
 when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows in addition to other quantitative and qualitative analyses. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2012
 2011 or 2010.


        
We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. All of our goodwill has been allocated to our Beer Related reporting unit based on the relative fair value of the future benefit of the purchased and existing operations. We test goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds fair value
 then the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. We conduct our annual impairment test as of December 31 of each year and have determined there to be no impairment for any of the periods presented.


        
&#160;Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired
 by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value measured by using discounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. We have determined there to be no impairment for any of the periods presented.


        
We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us as well as in kegs that have been leased from third parties. Kegs that are owned by us are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 regardless of whether the keg is owned or leased
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. See discussion at 
We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A-B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $7.6 million and $7.1 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and $5.8 million and $5.1 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation.


        
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of trade accounts receivable. While wholesalers and A-B account for substantially all trade accounts receivable
 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers
 their geographic dispersion and state laws regulating the financial affairs of wholesalers of alcoholic beverages.


        
        


        
We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
 when the products are delivered to the member. A member of the A-B wholesale distributor network may be a branch of A-B or an independent wholesale distributor.


        
The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes.


        
        


        
Advertising costs
 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $12.4 million
 $11.9 million and $9.5 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
Advertising expenses are included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses and frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Pricing discounts to wholesalers are recorded as a reduction of Sales in our Consolidated Statements of Income.


        
The estimated fair value of stock-based awards is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the award
The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence
 no compensation expense will be recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense would be reversed.


        
        


        
Deferred income taxes are established for the difference between the financial reporting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
We recognize the benefits of tax return positions when it is determined that the positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we did not have any unrecognized tax benefits or any interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits.


        
Our Chief Operating Decision Maker monitors net sales and gross margins of our Beer Related operations and our Pubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing operations and related beer sales of our Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona and Omission&#160;beer brands. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs
 some of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations. We do not track operating results beyond the gross margin level or our assets on a segment level.


        
        


        
Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year's data to conform to the current year's presentation. None of the changes impact our previously reported consolidated Net sales
 Gross profit
 Operating income
 Net income or Basic or diluted net income per share.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 9-15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 9
 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.
              
 -Paragraph 18-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 those intangible assets not subject to amortization). This accounting policy also may address how the entity assesses whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life and how the entity assesses and measures impairment of such assets.
              
 -Paragraph 11
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Net sales
 gross profit and gross margin by segment [Abstract]
        
        
        


        

287

197

731


        

026

186

667


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Sales and receivables from Anheuser-Busch
 LLC [Abstract]
        
        
        


Sales from Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (in hundredths)
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Sales and receivables from Anheuser-Busch
 LLC [Abstract]
        
        
        


Receivables from Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (in hundredths)
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Net sales
 gross profit and gross margin by segment [Abstract]
        
        
        


        

670

376

389


        

341

626

797


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Net sales
 gross profit and gross margin by segment [Abstract]
        
        
        


        

617

821

342


        

685

560

870


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 divided by the total sales revenue
 expressed as percentage.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Transactions with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (A-B)
Year Ended December 31
149
132
119
Margin fee paid to A-B
1
2
5
Sales to FSB through a contract brewing arrangement
3
2
Handling
 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B
Amounts received from A-B for lost keg fees and forfeited deposits
 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
We owned 42% of FSB prior to it becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of A-B in May 2011 and
 accordingly
6
8
(2
(1
(1
(2
2
4
Prior to the KBC Merger in October 2010
 KBC was a related party. For the year ended December 31
 2010
December 31
Alternating proprietorship fees related to leasing the Oregon Brewery to KBC
4
Fees for selling raw materials and packaging products to KBC
5
Rent charged to KBC for use of kegs for products distributed in Hawaii
 recorded as an offset to Cost of sales




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
2
2
3
2
3
2
1
Pub food
11
9
446




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
1
1
1
3
2
816




        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

526

651

686


        
        
        
        


        

369

204

044


Income from equity method investments
 net of distributions received
        
        
        


Gain on sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC
        

432)
        


(Gain) loss on sale or disposal of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
        
        
        


        

458

025

082


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 net

396

976)

017


        

855)
        

445


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

269

773)

353)


Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes
        
        

230)


        
        
        
        


        

105

728

798


        
        
        
        


Expenditures for property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

138)

488)

669)


Proceeds from sale of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
        
        
        


Cash paid for merger with Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc. and related entities
 net
        
        

206)


        
        
        
        


Proceeds from the sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC
        

527
        


        
        
        
        


        

683)

131

313)


        
        
        
        


        
        

751)

505)


        
        

500)

100


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

228)
        


        

218
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

625


Cash paid for income taxes
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Fair value of common stock issued in connection with acquisition of Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc. and related entities
        
        

702


Receivable from sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewing
 LLC
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which are associated with the photovolatic system.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are investments in joint ventures and entities in which the entity has an equity ownership interest normally of 20 to 50 percent and exercises significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of dividends or other distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries
 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporations; such investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
 which are classified as investing activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including security deposits
 collateral for a current or future transactions
 initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

  cash received or cash paid during the current period for miscellaneous operating activities
 net change during the reporting period in other assets or other liabilities).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 security
 other) during the period.
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.  Includes repayments of (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements (Tables)

        

      






Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements [Abstract]
        


Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements
Depreciation and amortization of property
Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Earnings per Share
 Basic and Diluted (Tables)

        

      






Earnings per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Abstract]
        


        
Year Ended December 31
18
18
17
18
18
17
568




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012



          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012

          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

082
000

784
000

822
000

240
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000
        

000

000

000

000

000

000


        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt and capital lease obligations
 net of current portion

440
000

188
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

        01
         2018
        
        
        

         2015
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2015
        
        
        
        

         2014
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        

000
        


        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        

000
        


        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        


        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        


        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

227
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

822
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        

000
        

000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Fixed charge coverage ratio
 Minimum (in hundredths)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

129
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including interest
 current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including partial cash settlement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may vary from the carrying amount because of unamortized premium or discount.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 quarterly
 annual).
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer
 but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer plus capital lease obligations due to be paid more than one year after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the portion which is due in one year or less in the future.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are investments in joint ventures and entities in which the entity has an equity ownership interest normally of 20 to 50 percent and exercises significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

013
        


Accounts receivable
 net

512

326


        

749

446


Deferred income tax asset
 net

250
        


        

809

816


        

333

277


Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net

852

725


        

917

917


Intangible and other assets
 net

562

989


        

664

908


        
        
        


        

255

994


Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes

267

524


        

896

400


        

066

436


        
        
        


        

126

950


Long-term debt and capital lease obligations
 net of current portion

440

188


        
        
        


Deferred income tax liability
 net

156

210


        
        
        


        

469

399


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 18
874
256 and 18
844
817
        
        


        

030

091


        
        
        


        

794)

320)


        

195

509


        

664

908




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and which are expected to be extinguished or otherwise disposed of after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 net of the effects of master netting arrangements.
              
 -Paragraph 10A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer
 but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer plus capital lease obligations due to be paid more than one year after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the portion which is due in one year or less in the future.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2009
        

682
        

657)

632


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2009

074
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


Issuance of shares pursuant to merger with Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc.
        

694
        
        

702


Issuance of shares pursuant to merger with Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc. (in shares)

667
000
        
        
        
        


Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments
 net of tax provision (benefit)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

686

686


Balance at Dec. 31
 2010
        

601
        

971)

196


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2010

819
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments
 net of tax provision (benefit)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

651

651


Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
        

091
        

320)

509


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2011

845
000
        
        
        

844
817


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments
 net of tax provision (benefit)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

526

526


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
        

030
        

794)

195


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2012

874
000
        
        
        

874
256




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 of the change in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Also includes an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
 -Paragraph 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which increases net cash provided by operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

000

016
000

000


        

458
000

025
000

082
000


        

951
000

041
000

100
000


        
        
        
        


        

522
000

335
000

000


State taxes
 net of federal benefit

000

000

000


Permanent differences
 primarily meals and entertainment

000

000

000


        
        
        

000


        

000)

000)

000)


        

000
        
        


        
        
        

000)


        

951
000

041
000

100
000


        
        
        
        


        

000

059
000
        


        

000

000
        


        

000

000
        


Deferred tax assets
 Gross

527
000

800
000
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

843
000)

369
000)
        


        

422
000)

450
000)
        


        
        

000)
        


        

000)

000)
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Gross

433
000)

116
000)
        


Deferred tax assets (liabilities)
 Net

906
000)

316
000)
        


        
        
        
        


State NOLs
 tax effected

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


Federal insurance contributions act (FICA) credit carryforwards
 tax effected

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 tax effected.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards relating to stock options exercises
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph a
 d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Paragraph 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the year/accounting period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations
 that is attributable to all other items not otherwise listed in the existing taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations
 that is attributable to state and local income tax expense or benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
Term loan
 due July 1
11
12
Line of credit
 due September 30
Promissory notes payable to related parties
 all due July 1
Note with affiliated party
 due November 15
13
13
12
13
188


        
Required principal payments on outstanding debt obligations as of December 31
9
11
11
822


        
Under the Loan Agreement a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2012
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We maintain several stock incentive plans under which stock-based awards are granted to employees and non-employee directors. We issue new shares of common stock upon conversion of the stock-based awards. Under the terms of our stock option plans
 subject to certain limitations
 employees and directors may be granted options to purchase our common stock at the market price on the date the option is granted. All of our stock plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 which determines the grantees
 the number of shares of common stock for which options are exercisable and the exercise prices of such shares
With the approval of the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan) in May 2010
 no further grants of stock-based awards may be made under our 2002 Stock Option Plan (the 2002 Plan) or our 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2007 Plan); however
The 2010 Plan provides for grants of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance awards and stock appreciation rights. While incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
 awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees and non-employee directors. Options granted to our employees generally vest over a five-year period. Vested options are generally exercisable for ten years from the date of grant. A maximum of 750
000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the 2010 Plan. As of December 31
 2012
 there were 325
157 shares available for future awards pursuant to the 2010 Plan
 assuming all 172
Under our 2007 Plan
Our 2002 Plan provided for the grant of non-qualified stock options and incentive stock options to employees and non-qualified stock options to non-employee directors and independent consultants or advisors
Certain information regarding our stock-based compensation was as follows (in thousands
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
Selling
We amortize stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the individual awards
 which is the requisite service period
At December 31
 2012
Year Ended December 31
Stock option activity for the year ended December 31
Outstanding at December&#160;31
252
123
(6
Outstanding at December 31
368
Certain information regarding options outstanding as of December 31
368
111
664
366
During the second quarter of each of&#160;2012 and 2011
 we granted performance-based stock awards covering 104
865 shares and 67
530 shares
 respectively
 of our common stock to selected executives with vesting contingent upon meeting various company-wide performance goals. The performance goals are tied to target amounts of adjusted EBITDA and net sales for the three fiscal years ending December 31
 2014 and 2013. The awards earned on the 2012 grant will range from zero to one hundred twenty five percent of the targeted number of performance shares for the performance period ending March 31
 2015. The awards earned on the 2011 grant will range from zero to one hundred percent of the targeted number of performance shares for the performance period ending March 31
 2014. Awards
 if earned
Beginning with the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 each non-employee director receives an annual grant of shares of our common stock with a fair value of $25
000 upon election at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Accordingly
 on May 14
 2012
 our Board of Directors approved an annual grant of 3
277 shares of fully-vested common stock to each of our seven non-employee directors for a total of 22
939 shares of our common stock.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The effect of our interest rate swap contracts that are accounted for as derivative instruments on our Consolidated Statements of Income for 2012
December 31
Year Ended December 31
Interest and other income
 net




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or when applicable
 the statement of financial position. For example
  (a) gains and losses recognized in the income statement on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments in fair value hedges and related hedged items designated and qualifying in fair value hedges and (b) gains and losses initially recognized in other comprehensive income on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
1
1
5
1
1
6
1
Year Ended December 31
1
5
State taxes
Permanent differences
1
6
1
December 31
2
2
3
Property
(11
(11
(6
(6
(18
(18
(15
(14
As of December 31
 2012
State NOLs
Federal insurance contributions act (FICA) credit carryforwards
During 2012
 the portion of the net operating loss attributable to stock option exercises was utilized. This utilization resulted in a credit to shareholders' equity of $379
Among other factors
 in assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 we consider future taxable income expected to be generated by the projected differences between financial statement depreciation and tax depreciation
 cumulative earnings generated to date and other evidence available to us. Based upon this consideration
 we assessed that all of our deferred taxes are more likely than not to be realized
 and
 as such
 we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of December 31
 2012 or 2011. During 2010
 we released our remaining valuation allowance of $100
000
There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31
Our major tax jurisdictions include U.S. federal and various U.S. states. Tax years that remain open for examination by the IRS include the years from 2009 through 2012. Tax years remaining open in states where we have a significant presence range from 2008 to 2012. In addition
 tax years from 1997 to 2004 and 2008 are eligible for examination by the IRS and state tax jurisdictions due to our utilization of the NOLs generated in these tax years in our tax returns.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments
 tax provision (benefit)
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 authorized (in shares)

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 issued (in shares)

874
256

844
817


        

874
256

844
817




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001140361-13-012026-xbrl.zip

#$R
3(S
2YX
M;6Q55`D``[*0/U&RD#]1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%U[;]NXEO]_@?T.O
'%
MQ2Y0)WXD:9T^+A(GZ36:)H&3F=G!8E'0$FWS5B)=DG+B^?1+4I(M6_(KL6-*



ZE`R1IU**G
U7-H0`0;9PL1%68(X@2



M8].N/:==Q4&2S=K

MKI%D
Z

C`S
NW$T2:(L9F129E1KI%D
Z

M9$9Y1IC-C/:;&9F%';N'9E`^E#@

OL/SKW;68Z;)=W@$W&YU




@NQM



`L4.WT1



42.5LEB8&`
3@Y*+
M:-1X53Y;(`1M(9
M_OBSS;F0Q8XAV#$X1(6;HVWBHMX&5RD\
N@B'[*?_%SR





MA=K.5PF+%MU



M2UI:.QQM.!Q9P-@!::

M`_20G#*.$`G05TI=?HM$OK&S2N3I]'FQ[':L2HU5%DGY09+9@YA%4GZ0E//1






_#I/\5


&E(WV

E8+-#FGE#6M$@9D?$7(R()L/NM8.G7;;8
M\;)%SM*R706OHIWW5M0VX1)4XX*YVY*8:-B3J*BP4/S%G=.+1SS
0+RI'9<=9QJ_AS6@X=+;OZ





MR1U\Z4&/2U2D:DYZ:@52*-4/Y@[TP)\(
G!%7*#4[+?BXD4U1780A;S4(E

$Y*LS4@RSUO8S(21*STV@#^0YU5^$OI$P(
T

S
MH0@)-N5CKOI\_S%RPFM^Y)@


MT\SH\KAX-0_GCH






/^IYXUQ_ZI[

M$[);).(!)5.Z99PVE*U.I`$5J^MTL5M^:^OPVVC43[?(;[B8!L+5-!`MIZ5P





MYFH^'PT0:;XG)-&-U2MGE




MF]3O`(




Q5[F*FI


M#$02]91%I'J4Z;0VU$QHI)-IR8%R(&G7O]?JA\=`@LG3*OU[K7;8C/^JV_][


?0KD



=_SASCLP;IZ8`?/EBBN%;;

;P
MU[666^;XM
?*F?I*19N[_]+5JPKLUH1+K=@LGP@F:NUZ;$CZ6+9USCD2
MJW?&EP.M/K_6N+2S7?*]P6J#XKM9-X3O#18A)-^-^7WH]?C6ZT]1@(7JS58.
M!4S.;+O4!/R**T549$Z#EJ;3&<37*5M8[!$PT\%W35O%3@BJZD@N]_R1;
M


[:`A%O,Q]

^H-!+Z'GP[I


ZAM_8^MTT:-N/`86&L=WF3KH=(?[
MF+J+P(WK!+[(Y(\_OX-MIEK.?.F-^J,#P;9:
B?1W$68&&
-4JO.!J84_ZM

M:WLE







M9A%






MZ4#$UD.-WOE$%*81NG&V=JY^03

WD$I8FV*


?PV;.(R&6)A%G0_*73YB18F1KD'R)&`9H%\_\XYJXN
M@NMKH.@GZ*9X%FO#]EX69R#XTUM1EP@BG`Y2CH*.]@CT1CY-J:!/T5S_SA
MN#L^).AC'^6'SL*J


%MU\*
ZO2YU/*W3K0AKT#.;L_ZY*
SFD&B1.V918+NKRU


+PIDNQ@&12P(8VYX3HM\ANFE)J(FZ`S^H*W
M79:R'Q;A!45B(_


M
QS=M%&\R;]0$H@0A0US




_$X=
+!?GV



1

M(;+\DO;9L(RY-R?T^9FS9RRE





MD0J;V8YU%#85-LMZFE
';)[P9*=7!:?5^LE.N
]
#XOR^F'*ZO

M1:4H*0=*JN)85(#.]]HHJ)E@





M:X/EHV[)GNC&[+8NRA/A$=4%]CB9
3KYPZ


M#C]=FV:L$T?XE&%PC@&Z4J9G?`(&\_F?'$Z]0RS^.V'!@ZL-!IJ4.
U4



^
!/Q'#A5_TDG$QO:M\'AQ3H'GU88&DE[LR
!;FUYW/#

TWZOF'+YG-J


C*C+TSV)US+*UW$NA8W$]#//I'7
M#@+?.3S/+`=37P9MB?Z9#IUA&3#'6RQ@0$`$1O1
SLA7AOSIA+IC)OYH+;

MZ8:8#TL6(\.3



.):HXU,(SW"#K
/IAQF



'S6?(0U(GMG:+

M4&D-7WV#GJ6*$,AB9,2&&I+0OY6]B@/AU@*][F\RE]




B^4*I-1




N1WO[;;\.=WQ_C)
DP8

Z(O?H^S\\PUU


2]IW





'





%



\V%GE_

HC_=X@UZZ



MX=
E2D
2RZHC#Q\


YH*21Q\&T2;3CP6A$Y&

9ZUM
M8;^:NCU#N0




M&R^0S#33+ZX'9R'S'7MRA5UP2Q=HFI)/C#I@ED6Y+';?Z
+W

M]QWF01%%I[C*U4Z\RI7
7G+W!*.1QG;1CMVR\'
+\S[9UG
3798`9)]5NL\J



MIE@_+/RVR.A:36N
.IN+3Q73JRO@50IXG4:GMWGIKHK`V[)@O
X
EX5$9BV0
M5.5%Y!
&D]E3_[A4KB0/;.'ZN\2V6$\V[UTIL58E.\K'.P4^!;Y2K2N7L1&Y
MAT8


R6\]JRBXUG%Z
]
3A%9M0Z

@M6ZC/5+!80J!

^



HM.7ANEN0QNI
M0@K;]T:YI)Q+M_\Z=P*5KS+1_1*78C!U3(!HFT1VW
Q`:'(


@\%/P6_

*T2Y0JO



IH*WZL6


.U'/\F5*






(5YD0TW2)BHL6WCACO$_.'

M9$*7CG@5?C-MZSGX3H@H@,'AB2F=!(!96HG*@;`UL1CHK4%7:)5*)LPEZ=5
MV?6













M7$98S2G
/T40;I[VHDS(Z+QNJXW_:'[
W=3X#@_J
V`8$_1R^LS\=^@3_(UB
MU1=O7IJ'C=G#12%PW0Q9[4.=X3ZDP7IAQD#)'DQ[@M8(42*R=H2/CL+@73



`K;G=PF4








M$DW((%Q4

W
MY#


MDYUE4(():R(R%4_J4AJ:$7
]NU7VP3K%1=A$CZMV4$!YREX[(Y#'7E*?DM

MBHC\;2M

^AV^](#260_FH`-Y\VM8^-

J*2@]47\]?*3;9+)##`)
&OBJN.OA;BBF;B%M-SUQN5*V)U.O$I=]]



M-O%KNZU=X8;5F(

1W5@SP[0'

ML/O]BFY3L:7;&U2=+7N


K/TI=A
B]OWAA[X
]]UN^]UV[&W/5UMJ::Q^L^'_QW3RKXT]#2L0)]4U
MA0L)IQ3DDO,END'^(;SQ;VY\C]##C#'W;5H64(/+]Y,55OC[S=)O7S3_-VY[
M^@[<@Q\=-E<%J%S?

MFZ*6A5GXA

'$PI

YB




!D*?-T6C






8:7GNZ$XYQ:F*



L-C7V7F':1WFOOYZ@;6=WQ=*NA;2GX7J_


Q`
+C!TEG4^N/V\DX
MW])-X62GP4E3ZW6WB&=JLB.DR'L&#5@P]A
/304W.0[2A@+?N\B..C@!R6EX





M:(.M

)&PE9

_^'EOL4HOA[;EG[
(CK4^FF(C[HYY0A2
M[2[Z(H/G42-(N!+K8G57O
RX^Y+I:A]_L^T)%LP`J8I:D`VL_WW0;`UZ&Q4'
MCB2CG+Q(


_U?-B@W\\7IKUD?@55X\D3]5CFU
7*MQLY$#:'


M2^747










10U.-1F_A.2
;-TA]3?$BKFMY_X/!U
NWH+W.*U_R+:HKK-\5K

M9+&.N]N/Y

%[7RR=7DC)-Z_?V,DW8*V$5N3,TL5(\&8=G6OMQ!

!#ECP@




MT2P\0E]L8T)L[E
M&86TX@7_D-[6627O?&#\C4F\8(X4!]EG`SI?/-.*9(W
MO9&'.N,NKF1;@AFJ8'WQ$T/
X^M^?8%QV.3*JI
BWY\#WA3/&;:UG
3*T(#


\D2
43ZS)F0#

-!K]48_B@F4YS%L_6G__*89O(`C7(N0&$W0*A?@3WM5D?[$5_=
M8%*+/``D)(L29D;PSTG'0)B)U7@2A(CDB@-JQH2Y1^0@%WRAP?R-<5$'E
0

#9@

.
!05..B6=_Z&CC

GVD!@47C+\4Q7
AEF4Q(,\QB6GCA[[+\
MF1`6)0Q+-&);XKM8Q!*27RGZF]*U_:&AGS/H;!5!65LV!
R\43LF3^OP8`V
M7UV'



]
M6E







ZL6<+6`
MJP6\+KJEE[`D5`9):??G*A;J3#/D9Q<T%Z'$)#284E%\M1B&JO!'*42\EL'

M#MY=!C!L^&X*S4:MKC8*;?Z3N4&+]:\-V$TL#?B5X4'Z=M8?#QZSBA5Q/EKD


M%UCY!)Z]?O@5'L4NFFWHY0HL*6H]8X$XAT@21AU-^POYFVU/7@W3%!:6*+(.

/@UDN2B\;FW\D'(^0#5B`R&15VJ^7)FD98^0_',<7FX1GXSL`
M81-#IZ[-186:6`OLN^&X+?)Q&N
!)G

MBHI8ED:L\SBO`33`QKGH%@C'
?ME?B*VB/E`9LOIQ_Y:Y(;IU'-8\&(2NJ`[




(S@$[IHK:#$


L&@9RIC4U_3)

T0/

[GRZK`Z^U5?=8]S9H7CDA
[%86&


MHS?89M!DN%O.:UMZD


MEXQ)IENVU0R^@:&!^L1]28O\QN32+5Q;#B)8K`&@5N8@-I(.#U8U1##0YL1J
M6^2T/+79OQ5%%0.JH[*=GPC5`RF@88S5JV/%PC'FN^N-!H;:_2')`.SEK@`
M!.5C8I:[0N/@X(%)8Q=KHS`WU?!#'QCJ



M:/4'Z@5/(-BR[!./8J*H`N7RIEALMBBO-*U$#RQ4WI*7H4;02\QQ^BNMK8T
MLW,QO_/?C[V(TAR]_,PLM^`RA?TZ=D@MH3ON&%-='C%.[_@&_QM9685F$







MPHD)2Z0XN!$.PDV1VK;T)JZUVQI+V/B4NQW,6&P'T0FX28*3T:H[[VE$S2







NTYK
*H%[(Y


DA
RK44&&SK-A4

BCN^'VG!*-I!#?`9!9'/ZT*E^D6_=U?
M_\G/7)2N7UV


;4L1)!(GU#




18O$O!POS(^-CEX-.YT9CFMS0Z=FF'$:BQ12H&(FKZ^*1EY
MNPE)AJ=USUQM(F(-19[`2C$5$?Q(LFJ\F'JRH?7
G&FJ!9ZC966$VS7N@G1



XLOZVX$U/-1:49VU0NMT&_U.



%N@C5.J)@M]6:?7*F3HHYXU'0.;,W^%H*Q[)UA3KI^?




XZ$T@E.*/SZ_N;CX[MK
M
3@+'G$H%IL/
KNY



/X3#G`QA]#?S?I6@;23T%NK^5G86P08^J3

/@6V'2ST2XO/:LMV_^SK

Q+MT$@$
MH0WU)OJG9$H-+GU4^-0/G3YN+*4R$\I/I(UT!:&[:01(Z[HM(C6%1K4`\DNB
M]61`9D





WRS7)2V0
/]
M:4/2WM\_B+]Q&V%
X%G=OT1FBU4Z?I4



[




M#@#4%`#+-KF7`\!AHS\8512`:7TQ^X]


V[F1-B\B;?O[N*]
M;1KZ






!!NC

4R6@:
M(DL.7LOWL^^Y


M

M9B]/;%9(`9)B:`P;E&B][G?6@_`C03LUWY

&7-@4\1MG3&1
-B79_8!4[A[7Y+]X.TFJ*K9!.

M!]9ODQISF0666LM&A!CJ@!I#NIZ6Y+IY$]]8:B

M]Q[79V`4D.L@3UN+W
F]\@I/5D??(#^T6[WPQQF=R#V@#H3+Q
K)]=LUR6Q0

@5A!W/_1;XWR!6)C\4XQ)76I

F:M




M$7BK*$;
.@:03WD


MG

M5W/


J=4*J
'=J





MSD6]-SJ7F?AATFZI

M_6GJV)9\=K'@]G=COG+Y?14O\J)[TM8+$


M.L%2A_'*E30H)Y(Y3T'V86X.9`=7



]WIP



B8OZEP=I

;Z_9\X?E#7C]+DZ/;


ML5J&7V
E#&
'+XMTZ^K-5)<GHH:-=

&MV8K5)4DZU9L2E625/`L/3Q5)4D%SQ+#4U625/`L)3Q5)4E5

M%70KRDL%707=BO)20;?4;N^2[A]4+

M2M
_:+UQNUV.\VP=W4=
M
B(V=LSP:\NBFCX7_L9MQ\E/@!S17O*H\Q&9W:SK=-KMM+P3I):)2UHMN)27
MLLD-2CO4RVXV]7J5Y5)V*!W
I7Z!7/I`7VPN

O!X/4

@F+0^^!



MM?/M;;4


MGVS'N;





MAYVQMJH-@N8.[S?5W.WO]Z

R




*^U@

HAEC?_?4LCQJFLL&@1WPW.:
3#FLI\`TH
2`M?5%K'SP

71)!'4%):)M



M-N`[G3HS



MMFE?O@L+1)%_84@\$3'QFV;4=G*B%G(OJ7504;9B5=H7&V1BW(I-94POK-CX



DNX9


KPJY[AIS7ZO7H8?@J`%07@8#2L!0#5T8*2


M$NE2B71W





9_
G

1PI3YU)EJ=/6-NWR6@N.PF:%L+EY_5YALP1$

Q#T70DO*TW
A
MLJA:D*5`9&F48U]A

MV9.&6S=&G5.EBZFG3W8[&0F?__IGSVD^4[KXZ6^V/7DU3//:FGRT7&H]&T#=



YHZABQ+-^



-V84]/Y^:K9O?JEWVYW!NUV.T9I


MG49]WH@NY7.BPY7N1&^K?05=';F&]GK#5:$MD-0+FXAL!H36'XP[:B8*F8EL






M5TZ_J

#@H?K:[)(C)R28]T`QH5
&
:A



MQ0%[HCPE\





U_[:NA'JMGRLK.(^H)Q=]D@[`_/
M6&`1WE%S


W:@2^M8&8MU!.8.G




J6ASNO4;#2JFA?TP:4N(U_N/CD-


MUSXP


CC
MS`C^I.)!SAP/[`KASJ&!HL'69I2+:VJ



S.360
M58EMH^QH[3;*#KPZ
_29$

MJ&9H`:0LY-BSA3
M^/
$J)P:6/]P]^0)L
*436R!!&JYAFXL$

E'[\^A'W@W_+M*1A#`*'V&+[CMO<\$[B*MQ])


BIL











@F/#5E0C;Q:&Y=98YGQ2UU9F1!C8GP

WXJ%
M'6TA?9TM&

$&SL/G_-$O!BSJ`SOPA5.1`W$([[H8H%DVNM18?Y`PR-W&5'D
MSFP\BV=S&`3ERY6(
(&!U5@R#&YY84@*X`'H=4T9(\C\N&(;%@+PL(9]Z-D
M!`TAT8:,9?)C90QKC5#`@&'[(5Y^B(4C?A##EV%IT,ZE!CG]QB+N;:$@48(




M]W18

^4^1
M(=\`LR_)&[#6M6C*;TDVA/ORJ)GC#R?&XPV=GIV&DG
D&YZ;/6W#\54[EF0\



MPN49+Y2FPS


&@NAR
MVS2EIWG_\-[/%Z:]9.PK



'*^H`87
3LRWWM&CD3O?Y+IX@^W@]MK3H5
_9YN0.EM
MXHH
*+V!G
^`PNM!:.Q\LJUG7X2WN4)6F_T0]2@C:BXOFG4W`RL5*



9!9<[2T(4O7[<NU8-D`_FZ`'!#OCPS?Z7CI

M00:3M


M(_T)&!#\S)E4%.DS9^]@A]8=:MGXH8N;AF?@2(@1K2]O#Z1DP%%)VVNH^V



MN6961[^/HG2#OP?Y-AP'D^L(LD[%`_3@8_)Y:MY3



MGACZ_X)`


]
MZ#!I0<D;_/U/SIK#V7<E8Z:(^'.$K'E%9

KU.@V
AS(&6RMN?F$Z6YX2-B324$]

OBX4N$_'-1S




MRFY_D(&\E8J!?CZ3#3*C9VYW95_9RSBMLT;:1L-YTY5J0F7II
QT[2#G(/[T



@KONXK@37):U[N=Z57.^6ENEEX_&I$;S&
MEZ`1


@[:FMG\2=DZNG4)\9
7I&Y9D38S_8


MA^W)%6PRAS\S_LPXL/-:_\
S'$-R!H


M5)QT_7J5\R?#`DP!.8:[C(8UH^+NK15](ZJ&P6PX3
?J=G3R0D4$
CZWM
7D
MVX[?](SB37K.Z&0I6@%




AB=
3V@GDSU3LR&J




M4\YPM1-7`?V5CXE\`%B4]]DTF1KLDN_\!$`
:

M-



M[

MR&RX1V_13Y\D-ZXAQ@VM
/NB!$!)E5.W


&RU.PWI3S9M1V;G-?3D[BGZ
M9B9.[@]:

BSE&VAL3%K=FKP7,TANP6VR3,[FR8$,



M/^5TPHA%YW*CZ^*?&



4FSK[GALT#-J]?

M]




M[?^/!IR&2:/6LQ%=MK]4






XQZ./C.1NGCU!?E8\VXZQ=3'#PNJRT.43_B?


P)
V_?\6BPN)-
M?S1)-;Y[\1K?G:M?VJUV/S:5APXSFDVL#2X
MEB`X_:9?5.C66HFQ@PF


;\6LW0

MPF^XN(#C-



_%9
M40)^.0=\DJN;K^]_:UV=55;/!^F[V/2(,QWH6)[UPD1/8-<,%.H4SQ.QLC=,
M1[\-(X'Y#FJ,AT=VK:[X`;
(@H#O`=&CN'

MV*$X(HXB)$39\VMKQCQXMGGC.?JL03Y]NB5OKJZ;-U=O&]@*L-&`51868;D'

MH\.'R1L

TCFN]BSL=8$37B4
M]VR(.O%(D9A

[`UQ


M_&F0JM\)!01Z^)
#0D+G)@:9A$*&9_L


M!1GP'%R?0B%=F?V@.]@?L6AYP

M
B;ENVYZ#BY28K9A_-$S:U.&:[3C5]LP1*C.0@I4.$_&=(47VQ$!W2Y$37;X
($&SAFB-8751^]A;^JNN'
M#5BR@(TNEW4\P?J=5^W`9?6HT)&T*'G`MN7,DP$;`K1]
Q4BW+6DZBU:,E1XHLU%_(\Q5F/][J3@3BZ^55_$_SM8B^*8`?$L'
MY2E5C31-_+@H/R91!+6),6_?'PA#&31+<FR6@7();\@@1=_81CO5<JCN!^M`
M`T_4Q:EG0;*
]`DAA6C.9^:3WM=29'/8=
!$#D3P.[V*Q*]^60[SEMR_0*V

MNR;@?]L=X9IH[_.C1_6&7.&8\




/\<H8@YWK




M3IUD



MH!W!+_GD`EBN2!?[C[AH2S][J=%8)/MXP.5?TLY7TYM_DKYY+#)'&Z;S/76
M(T(Q!P_F/$'RJ1FLHO_-Z.0/CW(7C\-7`G2W+:=K_/J*2^7W!2SU+.CBJ^C!
MT?:NM6E;.



/*AE8^6:.-PS(]'V2VKM7Z/



MM-Z!PSU

M

M!)@'ER_8)+C](U


M7YH41





MM:*
JZA6_^:)60QF9C-;96X#R

M


M61W$&`E/(+T1N3ZE\#W0F8J1O78^*#TS(P\1_7P9*8J+59^1AXAYSHC4#N1C

MI

M1^5G`C3?4



742LR-+9B)3$'&
A&$
M`B/SCQ2QYIAGNB*6D#

M&UUX^W49J^M@V.LN#@2^][MI+$[VZ`B1K6!([.[TX\EXZ%?Z\62#H;9#6K

M*!#'($U[0PBFV+F)7:
H53X#*P574VZ_L.1#A%CO#]#BW73K?O!(7':W#WM/
MQZ5E0$9%W5G?7U:?`QFAO^Y!R8T#_IHT9^[
QC3:T:%9XM*TW9VR09$
X?TL
M&MY]--@/L`?.K\_Z#,V\;:WL/DM8U_H7/I;)-&29I_D_9Z5/MHVH83(^6`
M*L#@M?M`YV!P[^3L_63([=$M9Y




&1)

*H^&-_Q



M0I`H[CT=EX`%ZNGP]]

MMHDD



IB;3L27#$B<WM_%3FO!*K/_R2M#Q9ZM5$(@WFU`

;U
M[*X=8CCR0N
$9]V2;GN74^RUB75&@ATFO


(QQE

`?#'+F+^
:




@PS
19.L3UO^]Y'`PZ*5CABL).Q(
M?XLE(SLZO9%6'#L./FH]%A2K!XG[+KQW.]WUD/?R
B$]%+(QH3/LK%]
R(\)

MZQ2G9XOE3GKX'
R=@3;:B/?

X-[;


MG;=[M\)N]8S;%43E.N3[;KV/.S')Z4IO_Z)X.;EH/Y6)+MBCW_OA








QR_=S=GGJ&QL!;\


+YA[W;PA6$3WB6&Y7@L;

H!4Q
XP\/*\_25]D8H_HLUL.?X-MG



M3F&IWI`3_HA_8Y+&




:'7KGAN@P3X$X!-%C3


.]-4P



M/LJ7V8MDP2[A

3M;

MRZ
E[\+ZQ0='WZVV^U3

XS#2E8
&C^
%OS)](.IT:IM1X

P
M]I8+(#)N


:=&GC9NC$;]6B`OK?TR%?]S0?;+Y_#P

9@@VN/9DO5&.K[QI43C
M2JF9&JF9;J

^L6=I


MV_O/



26^17&+Q




N8OK#PC/$


Z@'@I`P:^2\.O7
@'8QD9(K4!!
7X



M7)
IPLD3`L*31HP4Y328;7'34=5X
1!\:@\.2QG`?N**]_GP_H@U\\(N(IWO

1@V!`8&@MN+[C!7)L[
V
A
X[%

TDWUND6;[B?HKW_VG.8SI8N?OLJ-PCTZ

M5AYL7ELS!M+/R8WGZ#/RZ=
M^==GX5[YWV93-KZ'*FC]`S3^:
=_%W?U@
:O
M;/KSE8XI![1.5_M]V\!NEO%?KK\;SN\!88*N3Z8NB;HBGF7(5G]MM[4K
F&Z
M






QH/O_\)



GXB.\6R.%+S:_%L#?F:R/$=XVH?54R;


M?UGVJ$FPI=/KU8`XG[:0M!AEN:F%06YJX?!QA%
E&FZ*EDF\=Q+KGCPM2?PY


MG:QT_=VVJ+@M(Z5JN^2D(AA([L36E1O/P7
;YUK_PS


MADAJ`?LKYCI$++SH?L91?X*?#%





;'2FILH$


:U


M4YY_'=/.Z%1U3


M2PY1GT

)E)8#M$7/6-B
VHGGU[L#0L5#$=AU&6








M:+1[M(*TC6M-;03G8[I^JAGYE#

WX


@]XX8]\;\A[ZC+R$?+




M7%8T8AVMF


PFIX(PWJ8
%MJH#VSIO:_8(O]YSDCET1`17C
M0P



G5;[3Z-H;]S;C?


3T4
P\X/N%)7%XE2;?0OQ@




M^B!K*

R.(3(\VE
1-AU%9:L
/7EDZ#E2E1VB



M6EV!U()29XGNC.M1KES!KY+PZ[7+&3:E]BP9%H\OL$P`O]T9H=.I81KA)F4I

N0:Y[E/TLWE6`J9*K



X'\IS/X(M:GDJ!U84K*M!

+4NLVVB

$F..

A5
JL0O

MXA@-4\58



M&JDF?/THU2I+H



M$G[*N%'@4^!3X+L\\-4C#FF/WSH@

M





P!KFB8%91YGC;GPZO.NM$XEM4X]SEP5
M^!3X%/@4^!3X%/@J`;Z+N%RPB5$D\J##I43C_P(.+M3!7&4HWU`1J\*KR6F

-QV8384^+.&#1BFO8K!G.]
M



M]I[JW^@S'@HIYT'9A:G?ZY5?E!1$S@J1?G6U[448M_?0B.T:MD5-






MOMRR.M;
-_.*C.PU

M
0QZQQ:+:8Z/1

*H4F

NGCL$_NPG

^
/S

+D$M/6_3IH@\6[D)TLG3K)V%\JJHB')`1:&Z&I0K5M4*U2G
M\*!O7B\O+;`/=4L=D@0[;9C89&_Q.61YZY8W!:9X3!&^F$W&4^?^##N-6J


!#WQ*V4E*?G0F0]LF(





1*LO9=%DO__.N&XXPER\
M*'DK)-$*5FH_\JJ0-CH2&[*!/09C_++0%P_-OO2SGRJ@2MWY*Y47M#L8-0:#
1]
MI_33=+PEFAM4@Z%D7#5B]@Q*#5J1.&<KWYF25`)@S,^0R:=.[-262C?_!<
MCS/R2:0;NZ=+K#$CKRC*K[[WUAA[U=``=?;*NI8PHR4\2WU`1[NHF\7#
MSO9P'MF-W[UL,^CL@\W#=F0S=8ON0$3L)^&[)]*]LML;XN`_9Y@MK7*;#MD
MMGC:V1KV`[@XXD9I=FYM\F-_7$LZ(M)F'$Y/P2I2*G^A=7BZT5
:'5YJU*

\FYN.1
M6LF+%_%Z*%(EXI44\5%-*IYG/;L?K9VTG$?TRUD`38G^18C^L%_KL)W#5_==
MR;5SD/NT21?*E!R\*)50#E(KFE:AG.DM-+S


M*#+DHKQA%K\%E1]LCY
9HY
_/
K!HL`HBJFA



849H2X

-`K

ZAI)I3


MG

M#&PHW[






W+NH$H9R^















/U^+5E
M]$_US#/\AA#6(29QFE_6`N$Y;O=V'N@5-]5XAM:4QKI$0AYY]@`T$\Q03+


<]70R2:
4X_3
_^3WW'&^F5TP

M



[A3*
MKC0KW?&KD?C;ZPTN0H':G,*&TBL1-G7%9IO3*Y7APJQ(Q-L.B,M=NSN[T/7R
M/690V8IZIK,GCL38#%JZE`MFZV-+&PL$!.?^;H^3&BQ'X&G1\%W@BT<SUE$

!=+IUD:0G$'2PXGBUHW:@Z7*-(53X;48EX@E]U\#NE

MC[H


:\1XI;)@!-P4N(45N*RN)E@-J$]DS=70FC-'1K]')PH$




VS

MY)QV.Q&?!IFR/S^HD!AGA);)2

S@GB(HW2(Q^LAGJ1#?'T;ER.1_ITS@6MM
M(4/N@(#0WP8F*-RVB$6F76W%9B?`7L_P+/



MP7GPM+&`YL0)%NY`[FM@


KT1-]A4^A;_%WS3U6C)0I\-O\
+!8A*
MI?RU_
:'PP?F!AXY#%_1Z+&0PCGX8BOF7)



XJW[%O

]X$AEQKC.0+^XRZWKFQVZ6;,8E%!D(=[=J`G*

M:&Q6=]YT_-%3

WC[V:;AX:
M/U
]LHGG5]O\INT3FO7)Q3T/M@\T

6ORE+#
M2();
4



_J&4.S*-\S`8^`

MX/6




*-$_








RJ*+UO=`G]4



M9R1&FA+:@*5GKH-:FL/JBZ-#I3[Y81GA4J2:I)HUG^9IM6Z$&.LQ.#0EY+]K


??I





MT=(NE*1_`FZ&^AV.R.;GWD3]!MR*Q[M+NP#>1!HZX&V$+YPX')$C*DYU
(3L6:LG$K[$@Z

59?-KG;*.S&Q?_%`PL]?9FFC6GS9#&D0N[)V1+OH`L3O)
AM7<E]*?

MVLA5*


MHKMEIYN]MR6
U@6CU]'XB
RVA$W9GG8_.R'W&T7.E=U-8^([OH
]$DVNAV



;*(
T3`*WW*ZY\9

XW5-6
MMH[((TH'

M*=7&#]4AG(NTWG3`HD#`==Z*^5



ZV

6U\NX0M8C`#




MSC@V+#SF10Q+D$+8,RQZ.M$73GU04;W:JX2$HO!`H50&$N48_YOHHI0RU]









;
?WQ



M\(;6V5EO])(W_

_=EYS


EY!:PNPVD^B]$V6
M&!
ACMWD

#06!K^


MB`C][:GP._FTX)/1$]@]CTS[]
(\PP(#B\`HBC[]C;97`B5@DB!E;\AN=+N\
M'X/T?NQG7?&&$\9U'
0G.B;:]7]IPACD4@1EAF_V6QB7R05E;$9/;D9KT&VE


B3R4I!ZMX




!$L9


7((ZPJY8!)9&


'4]Z]_
K


M[HSMO9=/+JJ-^4&Y*%`TG


MV0JFB5M%`=8@Y`=W

!/[&U'K
FS]9VJV-;
H-XFBN<^7F:`CF)JPX<_P*DY

M-O6:9)_P[5M9@3ZF.?46KX?,C_J,@@'.K^(V8[N4R!0!6@`%:+&0PW17JAC
M@[4:VKH'!'7)P.$=%GM

M

M1^P8YUD
WZ
.DG3Q+VE83@`(C4

C)*P#(:W##-J?R@O.Q9`()&:2`$FV`UB


WI=.T\`1S`


;


M


M
+2'Z*8W86Z1BKXYY;SQK7K'ZE+!Q
3(JOJ

M$]T0S@+#\HQPADYL@V)SW-W)8X#D5DCX

/?SH#=2]WY=DDKXFY`A?-W__A;HA)B#H+.H4L
MG[PB6:#J$)6+R4)H4V)`&!T2+2:OX*=4!HH%

7#`:N6#(




M)(%$_KO(F?:5D2E`*T)R@%=
\PG87

Z9ASS8T=/@5JD
XB
M;2S0ZG%X3A%#@BGZ4)=%)!E4QC1CNBO*-
(M)8Q$Z9:D?B($+I*&XZHC
M(GX1%KE%9*#X(N


B00(PYJ++.I(;'-ID?!@4#[6VNFE7&]D
M79KPF4ZE^8DO\D/L,X90V-K,[(V%:]+XQ5'2BQ.X@&`R5':Q?:E(B&%*+?


AM_R)6&J%R&!G)6B
M[($27B/2

FDPFMI6U(\JH'5NZ4!L@M84UFEW`/K
5`0'67UN
)0
MI
*)X7`-'



1-N^PWI#\W



_J+Z!3+#``D)

M7!$20?A1]4)R;&(ZVWGV`HB+DFK2WBVX[@9BPXK'UT;O)(_.'P6Q;T\KSP



MM-'=Y\6V)A\7U+5-9Y)4SK8#"VI_@A?D0.,/(O8DD:-:+(&N8=6X_+I.32
MUL.9:W`+#$]$OO?I74RY2U%7OI2=I6H49Q$

M%_[NU(?D]'HJW1URK




ME&@H7@.$
\LJ)7&:*/ZT=-GI]H=LV;CT//%CBTU[IPD)4.R;Z=*E)R0XD=
MVG


H7%D!:06RTS[UNQ7G?5263AFR\L8Z7=Q8MZ16$
D_

I6$HD/PEI\4,/)(%R$

A#QC-7+R&*'Q(@]D*(B6A*``/F\I5D


M&9
A(YFY%1]&2)CQF$I7B;A?A

Y=H2)4DD











E<U+<&.3D4DODN




@/@LV0M\M!T.F^


M9C70TV-VQZ]6!%O5)#CLU8H9+:_@NKVC^IN-D/9!K'0S?\\AK[3`4ZB=Y'V-
M_ZIQ%M`X#S2T/_DM3
0&0CRHC

MK`Q




U%R@2\F26%!W#R)5\4F[`
M#`
_N4

MB['6R8?FH%\0QNCIU+4!2?Y_:'PWM5'J5MI;'4MJ





A6HT3'?=E-5$'Z



M+._AG.N?#B76KI@9W?!+#=`W4JCJP_`(#\-!Z_R8&7SI-'P/[&TY?NA14@W:
MCF2H4[(


MBDKN:.Z$;D:72-ZA]73_K

&P`1.
B^7S%JQ?#'&

M6O0KP*
]/#
;PTP`WM1O9KS^*NGQ.1-3RB'B$2YT&RV&&^?*\OQ@Y#BP\9Z/
M]^]F!^;R#[RX!


MUW27(WQ@IA%.A//0-)44.MOLR=+*BMR+T@3




7
Z




M36YOOZG50EDMWLKSU70VUVF26X!*3?5O.E$O['N8
H]1\\4EA!XZ&=1BYT#$



ECRP;R%T.9

(<]!





7


Z
MV[0[P`*88!/&_.8?8+MI`DG:I9N]TNA3_N45RW#2I`[@35:-

MC

[/


C*$BLUT_T'ZP1\(/$1O\

[




2I)$[0P/3


\T/QTTZ06%9







)W`LX8
&VW?JG0,4R-*^O_2:8,D\EDL]4_@G_'P&UUV43/#$X(WZ


M;H/&K3FK;`SF8[$W1EYA7%HZ-C=DUU+QBGD/2&J66OM5C
[PV9I1&N1G4:J_

MKBQ#OZ0A+]41'_273V*X;%F]+N/_7*V@VA6$+
9W?5]+O(\GE_%#NQ'-3CZ]
M

^P_+A]4HK#X/O$Y_2U^#CZ=N.U@U3K#I6U;SA?M%!8O
973TV!('@^4S=
M;S1=%EP],6TF!)I((




--&I:!0&

'5P.XM
C^^+@!:FDT`D6%6`'X8A&_(H`E6`E4A%0`RN%
=MN*87QP



/$![P%4\RK
?C]





M6'/FUQK\






M6

M:VK7SA/S`[I+5+O2+4_[4[=#IHU



M7QG[JL_8Z








'T/






MQM



-
MT&P






/


C&24%#0D1/QX\A+*]&56:QT1QROX=M3:**-8#]5/L^


M0@I_1O9&
U;'DM)G*YAJR#.`RQ^@)5!6
ZI@&J6WX3*EQ
!A)LP2\0?.:7K`


.G3P0_*<0PJ=I+5$
5A0#&P$5C[8'#K1GX




#









M9?

1K8]DF/RMS;+FNZDF_$.

M+J7


/%
M??H*A;WAOG/RH7


M'K9!



-WV?2I
MUZ'X]M7]A3;W+)=:KUC8@LEP9[R1

\LXYWMYHS!+TNTA^:#FD$
M`]W_^










M_G%V-/ORZ?


@!?@+)QZ
C
M6GL*L]]^HG\LHAS
B-19_M-+#K]^6!7%YJ?CX^?GYX_//WQ$^/'XRZ=/GX__




MV:RV'T8IN`/+&?W[^]WECCK&T;)88/#\
4;K8_KU^`ZDM*$W$2ZV#SC*\BBN
M6O@
%!%





R9N)@*_`H



MBF3E\HVQ%



7





ERX%B%Z%%)E\:EB^%!+7_3
M!`R452+]+4I+
%&][E=6!E]]@=7,4`EBO10RL;EF$-XX)PG:0Z1.EM!)/+

MJA



M:F$#)3FMK\9)

;TV[#+YY[&JM






2Z]'J5@!_M8P
^X0V@O`.;WS



*[CX3B3%(&%=M2


5;NJ9L(F'





5;V


MD\@D/`

IX9=YT:T0+8+
M60+

MJD
U.O7PL(':Z3W%TH

MSC2J;*#W8SC0&RYQ7F;CIZ+&H:@RR3[859&M8
#&$7
J,_GF6=)YEI3U
M;)P%#R[@E'A,'XCZIG(*4*7J6^&='\L1Q5Z:4U7&S6H\JC$X!Q3O1$X2LSA
@%-7:0C&@A+FQ`J=E
M7J`UP&=@@W*H,&OS+BP&Q-

TFN`XU64)3`'0A2H





D
MQ!I][2*-F37V;X&A$())U3VL0J6JFU


MBNZ7:05%?5XXQ1;K%SR^B4*ML$SAIK#/'JK0:DA3W4%GY=?0K%8+.8?G/L_C



M/;WG:54YA4Q]\JM1M9
<V$Y8Y*BD).8C3FZC,UAW!_XK+3[!(O5!(S9WN;S$+UT#_7NCEL:
MFU:5L;:AY8RG,!P)D*<U^FB:V7`\&DNK-_S(I6P&I$]3')^H0)TSGMVGRLT




.%MI!HH

QA77-Y=\!F&

(


MHW9$RDH/;N#4J8V.!?Q:PELYZFEW!8BP0*SCZ'!692913[/GRNJ-ERG#EUW
M)G6(=NA9/O5'GJ&(.=

MEYED/\0)+X9Y#'CYZ[C


Y/;NQ2SA





MHSD`L5;E0?M7':7H:Z-YP5JT5BXOA&6O_%1AQU?:`:QZS


P$[0)D1O8O)3E!4P



GNBL!EP[WF)8F_)^


_0UO
D,\0*KR-T/VE=5%_O7+-LUE

MPEMFTE:&$TM;\S&%=`B1]M6B5V?@5(CZ+E@-:'5)0A8;\!@#M4&GMJ$*W
MAGE$/;6L\U$8N!NVRMV7*YEM'LKX:3:3;N53C/.)1I8!;A


MNR!6#YG3#UMK)6SB50X';8!.)D(UAJBSF%0;I)./0BLU;
)/-@-=D$XFX#3%
MJ+

(KH_;`;0



MB!N-=8G]C0E&S8HLS=
;%70DH$.#;LWA+9[












M=Y\^?_J\K;G_TK+\8*?J&5ZODV*-LF*(=B(NE@I=4'EX@]`I;56+I+A+HT'U

=IOY'2(/JXB@TRA/

MH?:^H
LDHV-+$J57=)0AY5!M@8RMU7XJF


MI-A0@Q$-)(NK[)(V6YP]%`2AXI32([*Y3N/+_&E(GV`IR=*P.X*?$0V*F
!G
MUC*H$RO0K7`ZOUH_$_PRN-\PEV%I3(6^LY(0)F
HKA7



QID9#*@Z&..1YP7V
M^IM*&&=6

MS7HLQ@Z8[54U%N$L7+;76



M@.L^M!TIJ'4?SCH/9%V&L

M]U$VBYB[('1
S_K.IZFY;9Y(5'^;)^D--
M\R%*`5Z6;3E^T/9_M8_5NI6W!QH1?]F[1%G[^=H$=$`U*&.`MYN-<;K*`$X



;NCZ@M
CY+]5@]O[CI_KD

M_.S5C77WR]2K^N#\MBS8`2QVDJ[C4`AI72%JTB=;&=WMUJ9K7C?_3??J_R

-LVCWI+A7C/`Z0G



WM.WB$I6ZL6&]*TZM9IW59<XDB-8[F\\KU:/T+DKF5UE]!$_H4Q!M

#7BY8G%B:#L

G'D0



4S57+7I^Z20+27K^KL6G(*
MW!6[.K$WG)VWET;%O=#T<Z03GUIJ.IJD%)YRMHZ\S*&UD`SPSM4.DL&2Z4&

%4:*Y0!KG53&/&_NE89OAL

M+;I'SYC0B?162X$)XMV#=J7YWD+3TKXG*I`.#`^M%2$
%9*K78NF$H/H\NZH


V^-FRP9B0MB#[NDMF(KI
7-&^L;E2K&M(
E$$1


2L



M4!1

]V-HH;.@7\`:DT^WO-EON[RZ)SV.DJ]*KD
M:^-NR];7:?A5;92%8WL

M42BN\D^[6+_]'/!FY



MAWC;K3;





AIU7\[1\\X

[U&

BWI

&%D^
M(-+0B.EG-#P

(VSU6/YO_J]S^!O.YHJ`:!L*QX`,?8TX!XM0
M9!;8][6'HYS[<'OIIRW5//1I9K_^)9I?LLTOV6:)Y$/##
;^)9IGCZRWC+-
MWT6F^6\XBUC^
\F69UB88U90U/4@I`@^KZRWRRRC+.071*]P6N8T'
SS64R-



MU`RK#1-`&4L*XO(L44](\4FZ^@J6[#_&8YC^L**,4Q5.'@#:J+H6.72E`0

J['`5K#VAL!S'H-.
B#6W`3F7-;

MD


:H+
MABO/1V$?6EICYC1TD3
;XT5
O:X-[0`[Y!U5A^RN;5=&F;]/?])-4E
Q!=

MB*CJ3FMB#&0(6:LS@NUV5U(25??1:DP.P9Z$$E93!]F
'JQC'PI$*#N&E4


OLV+B(=/#KD!I/G25Z0Y*ED1M\GRQ555_10D8ZL




MM1'V]-VH5?8:H@.@_PPTBZW1&I`\'
`!AL[0
0\K47):F_
MY:6^6J(=^3HRN9%^=^#'(3!]C6;I8IUM7@D91G$@-Q4+[]&5#]T&J51%J.'
M%4*%(S=[](^1\\$Q:)M]XZYF`UB.N$4.BN]FQ!.TB#




@^@A6-[N*LL+4JZK


M



G$51

M


9%A*07@A*6F!2^]X0/`)&3.H1-2OKDY:9S5F=&+


%Q$@
VSFIVT^7'/






31OBGRQQ^#


MZ_]B1J7S!

MIU'VN^QM=PU=\UX@



M@_6DD94PE^I8#KPC37&5(KMDZ1ZENVO]I%&2FK`1)LD(@_4GV#IXH1C-_.
M
_=O\C0V%(M[8@BMX

=*ON]C;63])'(#64PIMR





\[6ZKJ4%:[6!!MI[X\4NP?T;?=

M\A\TO\INBQ4B9WC]3-*!6


DRK(#86Z(;)70^PM8(.@(9AF)P!
+`2
M
E!QL@I#VXBDC]
M+7B!4(.-3-6AB[-OXT'$]ICPT%NA@(1HK4V%Y!0KL<-`44P:W:M1Q_1<_

F\?)NPR#Z`4D0YX@A@%0[AROH/P.(QAX

M;ELCE*X6D70\W2:9BJ

9``S#S1^&0AX^*:0%
9@.!DTOMO0/&V@RT!%N
MC'.$`Y$33-!]%N6KRQ1_JS65G!-6T.S.!PMI/
5B^OX!P\QJPD#*='LJ6
@L
MB/[A





M

8.BO0HB
LO=DK-


[FP%H!40HX70+W=TR%!2+23W#V&E!O(
MW:$HF'WCPD3_KK=5[S`&%%'@J%_$]PP*T+-(0*0Q7X@AN309AOI2PNJ*3C?[

MEPTB$(-@2]8%`JM%

2$U9/U=!0_)`E@%*!

9MJH627QOI$(+@TK1805O;O$FGU2&@#C-7')4R$$GE:.`+IC9
MY5E$R*:Z7N

SLJ\P&M$[NCDFQH1+;O[9DV+U?4)+Q8TKRMAZ,)+B
2+=KS%[#
M3[H.5T`JZW);I$$#Q



K*\UV.072I7PC%VQ9Y';\*OM36M[Y




PIKYTD&Z51)'GB)$JD?@


_N9
VL$%^\`!;RU#V

M



U



.WKUOFG


:=N\G^9







V=Q4?3RGUCH_[SU




PT(%QKF`O)(HPIR
M%`ZK!!U/2SV$)\(+;E6J\_8XT;U*VNY'%KZ/V%!--7#?@N$:O#5M)[X+NLW#

47W=KZHJI5=

Y1FDZ:B


P![ND@_N22?A08EEYA[<
QJQ#6XG






2H/ICD%-Z88H/MX@

3\UNW5P3UOM;:!#$`[6^S1*V3+T;7:9D+R8


M$^3KZM(']`4Z!;$@;&[)XRHA3J$O8VB-_#[#[P3XFIKT@?N^2D$D7RW&+ER2


M-9S]WN)JVBX?5@@5LS4N


=MJW*CZUFK43'O;`R?6
M;D1;(D-M.,JMF*$UG?%.O/15$E]-H'C=Q-(R;Q-+IUVLAA<$VTTN5BNH%`
M*GRD.PZ?<99CPHYX[$5*;B,`D/*+92D1X
4@QH9!RUJ!8+8^7%+)Q]4K6QY

\]1D?=FT37$8

$TWE:*DJ0V4T'AJ
M/D#?8)AMS?:@YLQP+N$X3I?85B=_*.G



T#`A02Q




MWL3VH0.(4

V2

M5=:%]BCL08MHB4XW7S'+ZQ2T[JG\Y9:D@Z#!?/;G[6WY!(\X5W5DAL0!4IO;

:54:)').$E

/8[T





&F`BP`



EK^YB9;HV53VGUG7#0'B)W3-T

MHX^X^5TGB$LU%,\#8L)@,Q!W9@ST[D.(=L9RD=O[(J4\Q64BBNV%56QP






2



H+:PD

M[N]TDK$9YZ#_WW`6U?GV
RQTE(*BMDE($:2+]+;H_2/D


$%```

3(Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q5






M


M(G^!_
J4IWBK]QQXU_H&URD9/4Q7X4O^-`55.'OJJ28`IC9_X_('RI!47-
MV*



?JV(B3WA/L`%MB9


`U-`[TG#!YV!/3FX

G.-F27#T?[=&(M%*5B



MXB6FS<Y#AK_@JEDP(*:.4K1/'HDH#'V$Q@,02.7'@$)R]44K@8J]R`G*\<SY
MCU$UCTFCK0XA;81:`N(HK`=&TZD-G*KQ5CP[3)UZ@NKT=XO#*\0J%.&25OD+
M[6AM29F^,6R=A@77:02!^29Y9053AV2QT`8#X6`B-

MWIKT'=C2PZ%!$3JT:U



+Y)M
U=6+*TN[\DM9I\UY6/MAR;WGEPDY1--QY_3%5Z=
MO_ZUQ/1'7&_9K35I_GBVK-)G/@(IF[8,Z&+/WA`NO$D/7RC86!&L?.H0$\CM
MHF.9T:]H;;.5^2BMAROI<_;7DMI'V\8!NWB)M,91LK?^GW/'L8\(=/A=!@U
R7W
1ZJ




TJVSB4B4#



MHO]`W!/]YY;M^&?Z:)ED2[;JAEHO45*R7?^OZ(7LLA5ZPBAI7O7%@_]1UP
MK?+GF8
1*`](0!@.0AN$^5X$AOO?(&21^LF_Y%-(:MDVD`FEO$-3*KH(%&


MU82JR`%[5
M8


MJS?X#O8UIIG4ZC[YUCF/YPO]FL*N%;SA?3R$
^Q-
*BB0(ZU@I=*36M09XM6
M:K^3)?F&LH

BF&H71?C#EU/*45[MK+[!ETZU(*RA15^C()U)LDLM\
MS?[#DWOQ`BHW946P4D'B!%R=Z%#@]:S;430&%S\-4]VJY3?ZU00=(O+'04'

M*LS

MI'RZZ(Y9N\U$:

M\%A3RI@6=EV6V_Q,\YW!GT\F88\'(TUX/.T$?@H)Q9QDWA%86[)+?GU\
M=R75KV:R*JZT7)UJ*RAH]A73(QK0@7^0#9):I`;B.45:WH&\@%6]_0\A%[G
M(W)FN^)G;$,R]M*HJ^U;'Q#I1(X:%8$26M
OS:HIZI;)23P$Q/W1(UUOP=B




P


M&%2B'5393_GT+B6TF
@4ZAE

7HN.U
M!AZ&4Y[2FC.?^.R9




3)KLCZ-FT?;'C)U8?ZSC/SY4H:`_H52U(#X18M25Q.
MM&Y)[=UQZ9+*Z.(\*=


D`

M^
OY!?J


IQ.4`/L1R:






;[MCZNQ`9?3R34Z!PZ'V)B5.1YR3GTUEVF9


/
R$I7G&QU1^#BU

M%YKP.#YREF
CI]CB8%H(Z+
BNWEY[W;:Z*AL#B_/$R%A3X+T/0%RRDQYY'CJ
MM%A8@!0MT]X^[L5OF]V^6MX/2(+!V5S`Q^(14N;Y)7ED33?/J*Y(_WN-A\



#7U
M1+(52C?;@CP?UP)P/7Z=@IL1@%Q#F]2X6V#3E'7VL-;99M/Y


M=*GN4H+)L0PV/.GF&A;(IV


N6QS$*?MZ@C%LU9!J8(D'!24TUR


#`2)$H

'GJ.*A




M
1%6#\#;2)1F0^?'%IM(=$:XS]SQA9I]XA8EH'1GTPX?X0O8=9N?
I(R]_
MQJM'VA&4S
HK9#I




A)JY-'.J8HC&PZ
C
3Q*#JB8N%3*F




@'37_L

M%:S1___ZPR]_^


D



*`C*Q:G[
2


LY/






8&8




MW=R(O


M^IQ0V)R=#!_PEI1I53;
E9!!(C4@PT@*B`P#NR'.9U)Z

5)

MR








C
MY47[!*WHHYA8(:Q1*2]DWUY%C*Z.G!ICRY%PPV:@UV9T-^R0[F3CN+Z#M\(1




M?J9`'.!0G*$W;[=RJ_5.4&7;Q^`TG$[:`3..Y)7%Y#?MS

M&2S2$O%0;CTPP
#[^BI'/K!2]O#?(*XT/7I?8

MD4RZ'_!H8N'`JOHR7!:TYS[IU+3*570R/?%1HZCDE
&9CP'P916R#5;7&CGT
D39\]$['F)Z0CR-$#1/N-GP_82N


M@92H$G6^#$87








K!I$)*
2Q9;*&+'P=WB)7G
V6%P
M9E%'K*
.
$.=

?B_29%N09'X[L



7%..[8R




C45^=

M+3C1(KZDP\##91DHSQVQ&PK)-'_YJD^14IR_/7)IV^Q1F?-RJ?TJWA)(VY
M$54_V
!(BZPUFWPWJ]I:P[OF:&%\U+U'T;[021!=9TW5NKFC?HV6KM:3NU
MAB6*



M^MERN=OL







M@H;&A)C]1GXC8+'I&L?SUSHT[1/L*U8Z^O+\562











M]3YDGK:&!#03ZHQ(I;`\&X





L
A:6.QC$:I:I:[1+
N1EO5


;E32:

M/TTY1&W&E%\@[O;G+

G483D8;'BB\R2$H8/T$+'

-4`3
M[UC
40R[S#G4H?WO^;%(4Z7_#:.K0ONX?1X&_LWW
O7`M.EBG&3F88)IED

M#8^&CDCG9U/9?R

MZB!4&%KH



M2&L;SY


EN+_8O#[MBX!K&M$:.E
MI*8R33@J


M*OC7)


8C+X
MT#PX_4$$'S3

]87!6[JN^;#C=`)/=FW8


PLE\Q=^&%WGVF'.2FG19S56/$?'.F)./Q]F`@2C:3*9(8/I
W49


\E:@0U





^U(


N6Q<,7HB<]5-K`?&EI@Z]N
/'FAZK0'JXY41$=\PT-
LE8

I+
MD%ACX-`HH&CM=#

/'8VH



RX8D
28VS

M4=X;$^6]




42PJ&?_K-/)$@WG

Q/=Y'/BBWR(8=%/NAK$LD6+5`$DX``



I(,HW460#+*IC)`0K
MP:)K`S5&6+RD]MD%K7?+)[S:T4@:S9$K$_')+,1@]8X)$

M^%VLY.P7F4=R`R/Z`*TT$B[N*MQ../Y@4`S'4*DSO*8^8]H8YH)LLQE6$]








MQ?T+\5]D=K#AOL2





F2
M(P`HS9GF_)JD^14IR^O\+LGP]9H%@^KU

M3'E





MB0CTO%XO#

-
M
PSM$SN[5LE(&!'VA8=6D[)[4-.NC8]+K;@:R\
M332H(W7LG9;V[^!1=+.BN7?'#4FV.:C^3APK,]8):3WU?!CQF\*LDY'A!Z_

MZS205$FF3`-'MI5L&D@OZM/:M_S)S(P05`71?L

M

0QT+VD45`R4+OD4)SP+Q<E/




ID7RDI#\C`2;_0-GPNHW)C2:'AHMI#%(XL


MGZKD&]NM]9R6-


MOZRE4:41+&TO:`8%P4R:&A)(AV$&V$LAO__


T2CDL\?$ONE
MNWBB'

X$

D$$SJ[#_#&@OOI
MNW-8(C9D]4@
BKX#PT%X*O9A1$B1:HS;@V75*.*2XI-+2#/0$+)#:'5^&O1)




MK_5X0ZR+M:2`T7-559M&A!T:


[O!K9LXFPWJR+34PSACK3`=UZ&?Z89J))X=



MD

57J=Y6N$KBKK5)?TE
M^2

^TN#D]1QA]'S7LI?
QIKZI3*](/#5EP7ER&6!E_
M_OHY^6]27&0T
SK[EEHR7J9MQOBQ=EC&#_U-R'B):P_&RUV\X%,D@\\O*N


2A-K!'D

M\5'N;2(T6DUY5Z1*


M?:UE9Q]45=2F`.RRKR\&?%=:A/JQM=F1?TL;M[N79*O$OEAH@/ZA$!#^^V9#
M





MZ!+D=Z2%J!]9X0-NYEHX[95X,4%(J=]C+P5;.CHB4XH@B';(U3^817;.*:
MS61?KV]QB8MGP69E8XUAL%1I0/%#[B-(*-6Z



MA+K#+N@@@[[&-^0AQ='\


M^X
?!A[;#A*JI&XL&VSYV'!TXWZ*^E4WT18CQ&

M09:X-!N;T&L



M-[ZSEXB]/4'L?23GY&AJD]A\^SX[Q/)=0J@L1L

MP]
LI6H2W$=P*J6R!A685Y\O*9)6X3VDR*ODGQUEJ_8?RXWM%_KB]V$*YK


M`%\DW@.\W-Z\0&=7G.E;#+UD%_0R20CHBVV#$T#I1DL#A?9B+Q!E0V%0T4.6



MSB#=+)W4A1+F8J5FOJX];B8[2
T

MA5

5$N


M3M.08?*H0\W):D)9^:2;#8D1V6/H/@(.I3'=VA`1.AV2.@F1(RF=^8+P


M6`X^-&D]M*([J%/JPI2Z_3P[Q_&MYI17G(1/^C1Z*MC@)AAL$X/&S+P]

M\Q^H
*H1HO^2XP

MR@C



0(8!LS=PL]%^!3#
M-$18&EY0S/Q;/(QW0)8D`KC5LSP@F-N3!0C;$LT&^B!#=/9%(/XT;#?3H8
M.$$'$ZQEW!MAAZ\S

)Y]:5F9@\S+R0%K6
M?2%@HTQCEK6J_WIL4:*#)Z\8T:]?WP#Q0OS0UN:F6`^8UMZ*$`(C/NVHR_D
M^^8'6`L*0YC:CT_4:;Z-I]=&Z[M9VUCZLCO



M0
WY]0/VY9D+[3-VF#LE`)UWPXS-?.]\P2LPPQ%E-I3\_6%'3^3:K0C'VK
M.C`S7:CI.9ZS;145!CFC$TO[I]P@1/V_&CBAQAI;B%$6NO.0:1GT3&.$HU
M(Q'F:':%A0C%`L?&E[/F-O?H/SQ;X6#$&C.MO@S+AYI^WV_

M7WU(RRUI_J3_7F:DW%$2W]..^3DMS&\#(OL9:2K#U8AG\'%S:]L&&VQA\J(
M*OIX&%[\Y?PU?KS1A!/A!'(^NX'#S=[W=#A4Z+9P`_6[OH5(0SN:9O;*)^@
MKCK?X-
U@#H6T%=F`W$C


MK*;$4'Y_&4`


^TE.Z
M/1PF?_[ZA7XLDE?TPU'_C[7(&



DM!
MH``6_N7F[5%P*H9!1#
U/IB01$\74
P:[W!UD91/-P5Y3E=X=?[ZUQ*O+O-/


ET:Z^0:&\6D7Q^@GIO@SVJNR^JF545?[!''][Q'V
MLI1V4MQ'F`Q?YL^XK'HMLUD2K%!4)[]Q3!)K\5=:.FNY+*VK5#IBLSQD/`




MR*'WF





Y*EPN5-\EJOHSY/\M]D7-'(







')0$=R.K99AW*_X@J(C@`

MH-)M^0J)85








M4[HNJ%/77+TQY9:I]\HQ!Z)GZ+T.O(/#V:WG^D*.I:D
0P/O/BL4#XZ@&73?




MSIM[&/W4[?UP/?NZRZM#;
M.Z:MZJ'HX-OA`^1#[`UC;\S6?0!49
5(DQ

MKP9WXA@3;K^C7NXD++?O(LR)GZ[EF!CRDJ^




MH:]
$-J]A[!!=EL_R$


M+G'Y
R(Y6NT-H74[68H4%7LFD6%.:[8A![VG5;D&?JC*K]](!SO$ZKN:]?


(1.;)NA.G7U!)5YO/.
*'G


M*/


MXU7YB7[=9A7+
R[[2V='['32WC/54MN;M5;^C!G\IYK!.7Y


K:J.:PB#4IT$^M(F+@

M0DD@@@ML!VR3Y-Y
2U'19(

MQ&&Q*!!_1
8#1F*%.Q
:2=47;.




:&/!)^A6*3O_K.XD;PNV?*AZ/4&8JFWY





4!





C]P[ZD
M#RG?DL26PEVOV[/'+O.[W4.9KM*D2'%YEJ_.UNLT2Y-*
.K@;VH?$WQ





M-66KB;4!;]NV^ZCV/SB@2T)OBVJ7$UUC1$9Y(]\1D?\C3^\^X^J)K!2[4VWU
MI
27ZH'37N(I+.G53NTHK[(E(7R3K&^X#DW58]ED:`T?);
-:E;':XD)-:N5
M?N?DM#C6_+7$ZUUVE:['

-WU2^

QT2:.YS-P<(:<U%]TKE4U
MXF
9<-372DW'S9%:*(H.'$W5+%/)\**3%GR-E*R
MRH!CPEE%I1I2=V#!B,%K_$1^0LV;E$[HCK<M%0)*7&)R'FP8\3&5OU#@%-
MQG)C.+',!`$FS!O4E';J)81P_;6`P/-:G&?P=I/O3<?O)W^`)Q\82`
XN9=



M2





F
MY-;4M2'+!5:



%'=AN1U;X,`S/N]V*-V+XJ%R:)Z&`)0=Q1M1V@$PBC.



MMA13/J22VH:E%8Z+TIJ9479\LEV;%U]0?!F9FCKU=B6P




MP/8IZ!Q
D+
O3N/DJYJZ#CVV'Z@Z[]
MP)!9HM1AZ#11Z1@2OJI$43D2\GW!VRY=!,=W+`FC\`@NN8@+0(Z8&ML
E3B

X;=SK3$N$;^)B:*5)FTGJ+V:!+,C7]$%*2LV6\[.A(USS$\)/'V+IT.$
M47LG,F+0W,E]QQ87FGNI^/&UW?&=OZ?5DWW_S=::.GZ86PL34TS]3Q!G+(OB
M$'NL/P^)\4C#2(TR$AC3%*B!!5XM5NV^]#NH@TUUKC5AQ\7\!B%)%/#!F'*


M=16:T75LPX2X

C71UZ@

M?HFIPK[%TRMXAP=]@1`T-O:K(;&5ETGM.&B[^8FYO&]4]<:VA(0YUNGWQF
MGJ)AG/C,!*60A%E0)RD(S89DD/GYG+%1?N.-G[+=$U!\;5^._N`FK(F%1S1
MGL4@E%=Q(8X3&O`SSNM%9YVA.5$G2R.W9X%4SIL($LNP7%`[4=-!I;NH3U_F
$D*CT.:&T.S<M;O&2/.8I2\YU!RH8RO=IHI*'H8O<




?2L/Y[



MR6=1E

)9F[('
IL

M:LI`_R&

V7A2*^



D4






M\8*$+



MCCSZ:Y5F;/*0)7@?



MY
G



A9KJ9YP@(+EFCV.QI

^T62WQP0I[-:F8M

MPV[XTFM(WG*L
AI&7N8KO'9-XVV4!7/C)LJ`


M?

48


*
A3EQD+$N3P0AAN:X:8[+^GCM

M
:(_9+
@=U-UX7'L@=W+R(`4

E1[10QK^@K\QM--`W
2O%J^N#(ERZ]#^)9LDX_X*]\
M
ZV'.AD

MC6TN.H&J/;J9=DW)
N4[.?DJAL])M7QBHP`7A)T1_K+ZL@56]3))AIM@:8
4?N[1Z_8RK)[)B!Z65%5^JJ.G2&B-^RA*);A.A\)-H%Z$WJ-AMT!GJ+?'

U)@
M2Q8P*0]3TDF'
P;KOG=?X)[KV([G4024(.25@=]`+K


MINBQBT(JJS9Q25^Z+5'7YD9:T7]Z3Y8^?0M//7YJ5Z)-G:POBP/'
FAIBZL#A2U*W<$H5-V?@A;<-UY
MHPR3#C:

M1:OC?330L#WC1V#.[J`?:7DBY&F:3^1'07*VZ]O!!GHMOXG;&WYW8JNK7E





M)8@ZCK4LCBL6QD21P[HL\\4&O-P5:?7Z@78+R[0:\E[\MN7T\*TO7_OVX#=#






B]]=:8?:VT@5/UAP75+
+U1LS]HSO^9^/


M;$=S^+E8P$FZP@-0%B[T




5F1+$N*D@T$U1V9&/HQ_=H9\F?T
M704\J<EAGCN:

MX[3:T=#



EE:OH:._VF.(^_S
M&%,+(YCM&V`LKB3M0**4BP.S]YPZ-=P*53PUX
U8/@7.P_6`*A^Z_$U`?T9
ME^0APQ-.-UAZ!9I8



A9%'H;H4


2'8Z=3YKNQKY/

M$#F[C4O8F0-RSBF`92%CXEMRCT!+


8:
MIXXYE3U;K5+VCR3[D);+C)1\@?]#617)L@+.88U\`26O&E\S-RS*TD4QV6A1




]`YX*'8
:/0($2UKA#T#BQC3@&O8^E
M)VQ9YDASWO8'G/'\QN_+.HXXM?[[S%^O7\;'?.@1[=H_<!WOB
[I$5:LBAF

`(F


M.Q1JTH$O]_)Y16E7MPO^'C$!]+5^'OM6#A_DVX173Z19!E@';U8QUOG7S!AE

MLER275[18O(BIKB4




C].K-





ME?!2I2ZDJMY?#.R]2

M!$H)=?X

M
1#S
E^2#5MCP2)'@9]P7J;/N'FJY:B-]IBN9MIPS#7Q%XC$%JX-^6QL43
*




_QD@.!-[7)H2%@6I(Q);;YKL`9N_4(X9P6?/X=/:+:
M%M/LU(@_IQ)BG




M:W


GAD
M$I2D

MI;0/&WQ

UXLRHG3O4RY*A2L4\^`Q^SLFI)'G-6
MOL



M+SAC2Q-)7CU%D=#'R43)''6


M6DS?PDN+$8X33BTZ9Q!B=GBW_E@:\PG(Y-MX!V334336]VPCF6L#W5.V;90;
:13#%&^N`QDJ^VZ#&?H2'T%<W(_(T*A1/8%.@L@LNL^CU.
M/WH[+$,,\R2

M0V3EF8!
3L


<ZNC%#<9&@5WT*G+`1P_\XKFBD0*7GBDTY+OP7
M;*XA!RB$)8V2+.NG187)SR+O(8*CVVIU0PL!%PW'9J&QY4OW&$F!YDP2TZ

B*$YY%
M7BD#;3&.=




M[2++2OJ.%19_+?E5`_NG
U-
7#'$Y'


M5RBCGGR*08D#T%+I.(OH-V00=E89JE]5)WVE+QV^Q+RA+:$5Z3`CTD9;KD


?SU=

MF3ZR'*+)J
+=@@8WXQ(;.OZGAKC5.+1V1L?)/2C23_M0/S2M'V_N#L`NOSMD
\G;-GFY/I&



MTK.BH



`/-LSB57`%DWAP18&[]\:




MG*T*0I*J`RUU!2'#?BV!3I!NT2-Y.UA4)IIU0G*
=S#_K.'S%(%
A0K468
MODC#U0MS?92C#::@RYGF^PEQAM'3&./HCS`:!3)^Q%'A5X'K:EQ73[BX+Y*\
A(AKWD


FKG9B7$F#60:A_&$V06$N#):`YKZ4]AU0Q.:R9!`Z<F#(YI]<
9I%YQE`\DMZ_IO.M)H1<7?+`0E\3T`!CT71AIZ



MIB3SC92:H.

M<)R=(E\])\^]HU.PXM1_A;
MQ0GZE%E'+<B5;O
@ZDW9=RP
Z[Y=%:!GW']F=D2PO4NHT7AQZPQ\91^3_J=
1/K53;WRG4.-*H-U`'[
MT#+PQ=EU\X<3RLCZ.(5.YNP!5]<LZ0_O6Y;TA(U[3MM`7C#M0_U2;/&G!G8



MZE1



M

ML08/TLV


M7Y+:MH0%.V%I#P#^AD_6'VF]R\Y




'([$_FU6)A!M&);-<WY_'_H\?@)!Q
2KS4#NHSR;:/2`.

MI:FQ?[?'/E-$!TT._O
.^*F!2':RS(!U66(T'=CA+TEL%GRFN&0%H/[V]S6*

\-:






M7ZA'\K_1@M#(6B^:')#16+[Y;`;R/F%!:QZ\S37U*6ZF8'%3;/\1FW-T:T



MB[-'+(GE*IDV@(MEO$@A





.@#='__X




ML4Q+/#S9SE%[=&R1H3;



?-R*#W=]V^*\Q.BP-)!E(@5FIFB?J+D(Z+)6X#SD
MZVO;X]N:X\I9@.47I%-KRUI/Y8&^V^Z8V

K2K;;PTF-[7C?/G*SJ+VC3'WM





MD'2C_9G/=HW:#U+)`!

M3B

MDC=+

6O1P9N^&'Z-

M?.2K(





MCPAKTH7X$6(A5K/



M$3H

1H#S\;X

M7!5Y53W-GU8XPD&2?EC``
MS=)N#A'U5Y)D;%GY79+A4GB'G9EP\^-TPCY05ML&;S*-W$E1;J!=+WEN+JZC
M#6.ZP=T+[(9-WR
STSMYCLVBE


1)6F@P:#EV73K'0VXV;.
M/`#VO@\P'LU..B$LADL2P1$F:?O!$!8J*WC'1YOT@SDV*N

0:$Q!NIAR1




O:#\Q!H?!.<!QTRJ;WTSYIG9W2P.\\'$<-$M/G`
M:E&?B*6R#-[7
7`F#2!:73YY0D/?ICMETD2`MEO`
@1\T)VY4V`$`&)947U*





M;L&!
L;/FX*.;



X.AJ(S
M.(A$Z*U/$EF

`:3`$R@Z[YP)G!T)4SI'AF0-%S9)F!
Z0L
@-K

WF0V@5




F7:9*AK-%]
M96/WI&`CA4G5.Q
N1PE[UU#DX0=%-`/YLU`$=
CA

M[DAP7HJ):/-YU*(^!%=9!D_Y#9Q)&:O577S



IB&W
R/![YH8SZ&$OK*
M!1&31%QTYJX:.+@DK3H8NCQ;=KT#P+;=S)D'QMZ+



G
M7U1AH

XC/DN)]-[@%PY9N;-!VGO6Z0)




MZ?C0&-K6O3LJ0O)5YT]:.FIK5S!M5K)'UD9F%



P]\O6_P5;7X

MFQ'




@MR\J#`\21@UO'U1IZH
H^\C#*.R2\H
ZT//@.$]95K#`5$4+HR:WHZH
MU96%T5AN2`3$D$48M011\#!Z:AQ&3XW#Z&FH
'HZ81@]=0^CIZ9A]#3,#JL
M9A4%!/6A9\I`0-.0X;1TRGZ*E'&#TU:.G$8=11PQ9A%%+$
%N


MOGZ)54V

8FQU[481-
.PH]NAY

54])M;]]DVW(3/.2EG!7

RY29*G</


CF

MHZO#S&K\-'5`4/A[HT!8D,!X`AV=XG,NT0ZYM*^H
&)XB^/%H`R&\CL46`
M_]TC(JNP5X[(/-CBX'T/!\D;P('\$A%;'$S0[92N`=:)*KN@4*N`999#]QLL
M5GJE65]B&AF*`TJ6ITT&JWAE*EI$LA`,Y/W1;+FZ3XC5V;_8%LDC3_DFS$




A
W[D1B9Y3M93B6

MN\5%2E8S9U

M6NRS1B\IX?44`


!V
MNJD7AV$NN=\5D98\46&HX6]S6LBY#S`TQ`2QKKG!XD^EWF'YIX'YL
`#6DUL
MY


P\K5FN.

M*%('+H@Y+#397UK*WB


XX2=C[X_`+1V\B\E.YMIM5M6O`SX6UK6VR@*M45DTFR



MM$)HTTA%EL5`(TN6NT!!RS=CT3J`3%:
G'D`[+T(8&\-4;*D!`I1L(=H?5O2







M=`EE_!@J

M:&\&N5Y_2O
D7]+L\#*GSGC6(8.SI59[I(2IEM=9`69.`$\.L'
H/T?`QLZB


M.16B@6[_L?0(@F5V3]`/L

J_(ZIX49[A;2


UII#0=$)4SD-G#BBD<:
MK_E3Q$3X?OCZ3R85R6FH@"21&@`%`'?4[O=9J_U'45L2T)S0N8M7I)BA5=G
MY079;$E.G[*W%:WWE#8:M&#7C/9G98FK\G.:IYO=9H#9`);WM]T6O:[M!&L

M_-KB+J][5%:0^%).XA/4./A!9EL8'AV;O2];!BT-Z'W
C)L-_M*]\1/CWWM_O8M3T!WXK@4`9L%[<Q9\IY7G@DP
M

TM3G;

1A1
I
Z0Z?(W78:*X2C=\
M(3%*'@N

R\[!LGZ)87WTT2^2WD-=;BH$8&2`)5U






M%XRX&_*;X'3U&V!9B6=1%/.@7I87!_WF!#UV
EY)V(&([?`IB^C\SD5*9
Q-

MJ!4YOF4(Q/?3'N$9'(?
WI.





M`8%MTWJD;?05.X*]2_2CJ4S]SF1998*V3A^:*'^6KS[R`?S+?
T&Z%D`E%S1

M[-SH
.@#S?D_)]_8&=+[1;RXX#D0_9)W3PD%\3WY&RXK-G5]698[]OQZ?99E
M9\])FK&2U5(#E

:;3XJE%$?YL*4`3PG`BV6E/R`7A;W3VF)^.`9&U3K7OO-


*!KYG];A97
WZKVMV\!MC)XE40Q;IV#[N+


M%0U:)YLTXQ^1F?L)4P?K-7W3CV8?:N.9\P@@/P=;C)PL]C98N!3I+F&=0&






M`+#*!P`5`!P`8G)E=RTR
#$R
3(S

MP`!!4.```$.0$``.V]6W


MVR;]](KR(L'9W[[YX;L_?/



M3XLT_523%Y]R5*#\%2V_^_9;6GN:9+__A?[G.2K0)R)U5OSEK4C^]LU+66[_


!CU%;ZAC=1ZE\8\ZXG%9

83-^R
H]
O1*4LZ;@
M5U&2_Q:E%;I%$5T.F+HI

M]G-)&RS:)G3Z20R[I[39&V,2!C;0='UA[KY#E%I(Z[\@7EBZ)`1G:6LM04


85UE)9@3W.$UB
M


9YY7:`OOVH-\ZP*#.2'
;:Y)M`75LANEA6!OJPP




M'P^+?*A.E









M


MBO)G/


?VZM=/C9P];F

M]0=S*^:DRLMV9\H+FPR83(^]F#$I[2I@25A^:#
(ZX

M/=$^Q=#@


;H#WTK@P;\YQ/O=ZROSP^,BT`XAT&=\
M3$2&^R&K</=^%\ME??@E2N^C9'F=M2OMGHKC+1=P@6[O!5#`<^PHZZR)@CS




*E:




M






M@=3=
E-&[3-8U%2%+R)E;#M`!1C3_SM*UB]$B059O49K]*7:/*/\;C4Y0%GK
M/$*65MG6^(IE?4:=B1G`&%2LI$-D@#%^CJ9M9Y.=H=8L+48EOW2`N`2:PA29

F\W/I2NUD])T

MKB!$O
]N:.-.

T+LY7NB+VKR%!Y\'&O6?G2O0F-4VK5P1F&W

[S1V[


#[#D_1
M6WOSB]XY9`Y//XSPK%*D;158D1`1JV$






M02GZ'O;=BEB
V(@:9M05Y(3=$\

70.U?F_'D
M
-_E6XR(38;W
9C*
BPTGD3;X-7-J
UXG6R?L&GC(\VUS20._A)0O=/(4*W;




M:L--9#75\[PJ2KQ!^07:XB(!3!AX!;CHG!8('I

M;%SBF4?

MD85YVX'KS'TY(F(O*RHA8H8/P?2M
0#TOCEI2$MC=4N`/*Z@;MJ5`74&OU5(

M@_8N1\D\*8.4YT0'I*'B$:[_+*YS4)W#S4:+*.&TP\_MFBO^S=8'








RE#!1Y8

'.].;9U'R7+D<JL3_O;Z/U/[OJ)8J-@H5*C
M#@+CW5P_[O,,]Y;7/H4W*J@JS/1='(+!&S5#@K#0(5'0`-3SJ=_*5//:ZJ-
[5=L$47IX^)LS

M-B.=0)4ON/P'*A=+OW1..!NQ&/_.*86#X



MQL)*BHZ32W/Y-[LY(KY!=]KI




#PPS=CJ($]45.A9J#=D&_/

MW)ES.:L*FB*C.

M/P\0X^Z
F#%I#:3+Q)D?`34^MF2=H0
154V]A6Z507L.


5Y^3=*4B-.3;;3VY'@6K;(M5A3+.O



V)MW8=^@%U-LWT)91]X5\^3UXB^_+
_K':=$2M4;F.J![%Z





$':=EA'Y]&=
4X=]1EO


M
^?RE@M6F'6S8T-F[A8-4



G='0T8B


M[4]OR!C_@

C

32R5!I90%D.V.[7*'CJ/2EF7KJ63


M3$XX2;L;')K`.JI`2


X=UO#BTU62)26Z25[)U+[6<N*Y






M^O$M2

=GX)F1HX`'JI[99

Y!`E5(93L:?






P=:;J/2M/Y@!7.-]$

M

M\FV+XI(



6!$;?FDQ%[#!PE/:$PD3$-
M/
GRH1?T)QLT+*:PVH
7G?@K2%&/(6=@`W4_!:E/^&R\_VZY0GKX35*V*E
M;G

C3GMI\\&G#SP.$SY/T=)=H.+XCI[
M)+BJO6XOE]\]RNMH9Q:#)N96^3-F\Y;X.W1PYEC$\YM\[JUA1ZO0P)&^:1


8H?IU%BXWL&$


L`K
%A!%XE#D$`5]\FZJ!5JBO





M/7=L_1OU7XU]Z
V7[2%^HC()





5'L)M

-





H
M4!$JI06/




4'7IDQ9JHFV;5X-$ER%H\*C$9-^J_;Z/\

E
D)NSMK`L(0
096

MQ0'NO*H&BQ6#E7KA8GDEX9ZFO


5=]@M:\Y/APLCW
MR7!EY/-K`M0`*+G3K+1`VV.PEN/LL^(*ZO-/7



MZ&ZM=%=3MZLKQ`E



M3

$*
MN7L





IY_V
^#^)U^;6Z``J*V'Y0-_VKU5YCHC


M)HVO





`K.M#P&.6@0=!SBIB9+K'R8(%

M%80;C[FJ\BPIZ6Y-MKQ*WNA?;%3);N,&0+4/`$5E8+3+NS@ZP6/)3K(47
MVTO)*3L?):(,!5%P=?7\DXB]BWS;=N#T&WI)XI3CD=@?6RN./X:$Z%26M`8




]_W?3SWLDJ#Q^
MQWG(@?R=HKJQ


M!:R]R0]$//L]45E-8=Y
DV3C&9NEOTYVJ-5.RG]&8BA!M.EEJ(%U96+PB=J/@09F:+
M=O<U0WGQDFSO41Y3E*W'4S?E<L(9+;.<O_V:&0;1M8AB1Q[$1A3J=!:MYN6&
M'JS_Z)KP/D\F-RPE5`-0,:BA)!
6W/`
&H(_.1IG=$-+8LK8OU^?&%BC6FL



M
-I6L`$=XZPGWVIDEK0]6C*Q78E.IS!MD+1
8##4L80)%('UZ;]TXD7D

[QYCG):N5X1\\@I/N
')2#_9L.P$7,0%7
MD=0GNUZ_Q(?+U


MARZ*ZZ*HT/(NI_^O=YG:N/_CP%N^U5N%@.F?`-J,?7)3S+#`;-83^I1!_$



M

M)7



2/G542#NS)R(22\BGAOR:.7.1:8TGM:6U5V_@NQ0@R2P'
Y77*HXLDK4I0=!W&0#[.<!F<


D-BC-S:86FAD




M67H_[5`L[:N5#G)RH_4&'&#68G.PMW!ZRJ









MADY?T%OY]!6EK^@69^6+0O!6@1D@F`9AYF

M$UKSWM1CHM^;:B8?O0EHX!!Z4RUUX


HT)J39&/6?*1JO;]-E\]!FPD3WO
'VY]1_CX^_!A;`A


_QLJU1.IC)$90432
MZL0F\48I9DH#
1%'





4


M$`$(5MS*D

#V[77L%_+I!B/'AJU!YYV2$E[=M8A


W
8\=#&L]ML'//B699(8QX\


8RMCU/\3*(=%UG;:+[ZXS4A@KAUBF7




N9QBSY9/@*JF


S.OXP0A-RN4.UR^AY4+`FZX9E`&H

FDIII\3E`H!AGHF
/2@FK


MR.\`*GWCX=(J$-`BYK*RF1LC?8&N*.A'[M2:B%T
%[$%*V+G('@/*`'7*J






*(GOFS/GX@





M4-V)ZI-I-6/6PR-E3'FFI#XI^SG'!4#1`1E?R9;


O2+24AA=F

MV3N!(.(5;LSLH%=Q%27Y;U%:(5Y



MX`NF9HA23K8M
=D$^F
R_W$#5%$1

R)/#(
M%-7&#X-QR*FQ.K4N4!'GR9::XV[53[M4YV/BX@E6;`(N6;&0D*9D`FW8R6H)


MPZ8(_NX
TQ)=MSS;M09Y0&FS3?R2;
]VUUF


\M[BG'[CD686PJ`RCW@6\!I6^:

M5;Y\VZ*L0
)-92;-:!MC1./

M)#DG`0(E!-$R!#CN'.LR%.'ZOY2Y!%NQ



ST5[..)Z[


MIGA`


WY9]_:YSK956=1-]H-X3.=3
MCG5G4;KW:DJMB544EP_AW`H'7HE5T0EXHYY:/X(A]B





M463CWH!

E\ZCA38T4)P[U.9L.`-YQ;

M4$.
'((-(1K?SZG\PZU/W?H
?7UN/V]'Y'#3[\R[U)YAX76






0JW(6OR2B+U0:BD8G5
M*ZX-+ZXPW&
B`BM



M


MD+(JQLN[

!

M(%C9Y\H


O!BSCR)?N-C;;

G8VR!-0/P6L^(7]T4.L'F4=BD/)\






:N\W


--%@#B6;J
RZ1M6&^_#'12LLQQ)_3\J7ZVR9O;+



ME%G

+WVYV4/=$26_3;)D4VV8







M0ZV;8.Y02VM;5)`Z+/5S3AT?'=M&XP36DSDJS9%3(J#Q_JXJBS+*EO5[&S
.


MGF'&1@EL8L%0I^W5_QWHA
*.

MK&2K?OX8Z#NPV`.U3,1(.XX:T665A>BBMZ)7SA&,P6V5A#IU?;^/[WKW@]
^S^SU
MC!)YS5#/B73E8[7$'-UX1MG#76+.9I3F9
\5SMN?*-UX?NFF\KD[.Z?R#P]@






BW29M!_@5F1P2EW-U-['JTW:0BJ

DZKV@\R);7KYMD[SF
M
(M_.H8L]K=A=&3Y\%[.$1$,YO7'OK'E$_MWD=8IISF^G#-[D+
AUON\KC
M




D/Z(T0TK8EQ*2^8EE!



Y5Y
758



ZF)Z.[)
--]=Z=
MDZX]]NBOG1#''':9ML:SQ=1[4]==0-.B@[**AFO+.AL5+*
&FUEMZ/7MR$:]
MOZ)

M++Q1&%YR/I#2IXAO5-91W/2J+






;QC6C
#P'#7:Z:65M@`^]-I;X#-


M#+'4L@S\7?J)6I]S



M8^I0@:EFAGGB3N
JG:5XST+.]H+!.P$7K4[@9Q(DT6.W2.S-C@ZZ[H#T44;
M\'+UAXB0F=]U6:S8P5C#+NM!2EH-Q;5[M$3[O3\TVJ%XO)NU=YS)?HV=_U@

MN+Q*XHAQP&5O!#3N'O88MHUH@^&I=!#KQIVEA]B0
MSWX`WGX_9GAE;F[%;$






W89\9`U
M+N
7B'0451]XQNSC?'H+)$Q?T$Z#:4!F5-C_S*)UP3V%!C1=Y,T1[H])IT
MHA#+-QE@UBB+$U1`PB;J90^!$Y6R'IP_0E&!BJNJ)'*UTX3VF=KBHN)92+/T

M
0Y?3NMO7B




MJ\5$C%*9+I0+*Q
*@G1




W.X8'SIR^T\JM]NW3%E9WYKI1]]







/M\
+^F^AL=QZ5:(WSW=V*[L-T%$O&K3V[3%5-*F'JT-1L0]
M?\9X6=SECRA_36)4M)N.2V9^)+M

MN?2W_WC;1$?;ZKN97.D/
MD!6JM93^XJ_?3]J$=
C?FV_
3X/V0F\ER@B0.C


M2J
2+4F+E;NG/
H*H@OA6UR@

M7FV&WP1/GVNP6/R%KH2#W?/?HD9+UEHEQ0`B)602_
<A33-3*R2-R]^H'W[(8J-/H)9`)0SI$\1AY=)[W%S*;
MH:^`D<'V'#-;6$#1FH))X6G;RK6!-R3BT?OAEY5:8FSQS(GJ_'VC3=FVTKI


MAZ'./FD-4?[B%CCI:34(]X2LJ+#
G)9T@\WZ7%YV:9GQ,4\KW'QS4
Q@
MJU0SD%NZ82:

M-

.PPZZX*&C(+`G!6+:8.3M/J/9JJWN.B'.AR&^7KQ!#/-GEVL+;#
M


#C%8C\0)R=LK2HB#`(V
M8$W5\2-B;?G59T_#ZHK18O4`N[P%YYYUB71;-0&B!KIW9?`L1O&B0L'!F




%D!CM\$O
*N8R6):[T#1C
!A:R`V8U`0)_B5$E/&8A/*

M.K
M5#_P;7^1D9*E/9UD9FNZ29


MQ7^V&18^@?O\TT8YQBW^FU/()
@S!6M&;2/Q%BRY17\:K5FKI2L6_(1U[1?Z


M
3(Q
C

ME`@1)$C*&5.U?+)
H<M/
M%Z'H(.$2<O&W7__]WW[YCT[G-TPQ1P'VG/G.N2?]9D(.79FS`\#D<R70\


[Q`H1]\NO@S1#Y9$.Q=
M..``*CZ^B+V<Y^?GR^=WEXPO0<CUS=7_/(QFZLT)K7R']:T1*7@PV&WP0?@




MO3X-2+`;0@OE:U65+ASB?;HHI-B_.7GW`;-?KZ'WO[Z&
2N1D/Z)J.=$XIR4

U_\-$'A!'!Z$!(PGW@R
M9+A#OAQ:9BN

M]GN__S1K
2F'R01Q
'R%`P*66`#2:2UHW51!R_E.D_U?+7JYZ.T]*L:+(03M

MH3*J#^-'Z$Z[@.UX=-^?SO[3Z?_WE^'3/UIP3P+7
D)6%V&!W3)PEH:]'5/K
M50
D5@.?/1NB53-9(9SO*[;B[NQW9S`:_[V-7W6T'E$0
M&)X7XO%C
KD[+&-VG$B(PQ;.04SK?\W_

MH:.);#'2
!K2+=C'^+[)I!]8O/]#UOLI[M;1FJ/'$/3P7LAE^-
58K_T9'AN
O'
M+%J)[.^=O72UBKN7[Z1?T.*HC_K(A]@JFL

:8#!WF!(!Z$?PPGX!@'=T/
M^6[DNP

MW;63(!W@SW/W`?


M2;FE%@0^F.*!1)3JX:)QJAV?3.E#/)=C3`]M2(!\-12




^A/Z.6P

+[#%-X;J$XE;@FF$HOO#?/^1(P3RXGZ






MQ98


M*=RB5R

M%K^3TL

M*(E`#Q2_S8
[TS*RP0%

AZPWC@T

MUI8(;;2;QZ);Y$;





.

M8J')_Q'M!NH%\Y[4:[PP6NW.M['_XA*1/DE



#*'\$(
M'WVD9#*V#G






OF=U*(O7


MJ=%CF:[%6-K







;+6?9U



MLX5X?1KHHZ7X'N)\!V.;KIJO/:@IN2V[#X$]3O+Q;00L:+^%P!=6`NG!)
M4]/)C]-EG8G7M(JA`9^:V6QN+:\7IGS3#QRW%I*M)5!;+AI9?XUI#4LL(B;

DTQ7BR(BV?RI*LIZ(U=720.AA?YO$'R-UGEH[6R$Z2TK3UM!QCP(2#
M/64]8&0Z$X/+VMA4L]0



9WQ92!JW
:B#!:CBM@9Z9MFIMZH



;LFVQ2U

LC^U5VT8GG
';@]U^+4%.


81F:B-=R$4(
M0IY8\B%.?
!


3(Q
C

M!#D!``!02P$'@,4`````#W@VQ9$LTAB?D``75PT`%0`8```````!````
MI(&!L@$`8G)E=RTR
#$R
3(S


H'`!4`&````````0``

3(Q
C
Q+GAS9%54!0`#LI`_475XP`!!4.```$
:.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!H``X'0
`````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
14
14
2
2
1
1
16
17
17
17
Year Ended December 31
1
827




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
 -Paragraph 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 INC.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

840
781


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

887
323
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
Term loan
 due July 1
11
12
Line of credit
 due September 30
Promissory notes payable to related parties
 all due July 1
Note with affiliated party
 due November 15
13
13
12
13
Required principal payments on outstanding debt obligations as of December 31
9
11
11
We have a loan agreement (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) with Bank of America
 N.A. (BofA)
 which is presently comprised of a $22.0 million revolving line of credit (Line of Credit)
 including provisions for cash borrowings
 and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
With the May 2
 2011 receipt of $15.3 million in cash
 including reimbursements
 related to the sale of our interest in FSB as discussed in Note 7
 we repaid the outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit and had no borrowings outstanding under the Line of Credit at December 31
Under the Loan Agreement
 we may select either the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or the Inter-Bank Offered Rate (IBOR) (each
 a Benchmark Rate) as the basis for calculating interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Line of Credit. Interest accrues at an annual rate equal to the Benchmark Rate plus a marginal rate. We may select different Benchmark Rates for different tranches of borrowings under the Line of Credit. The marginal rate varies from 1.00% to 2.25% based on our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2012
 our marginal rate was 1.00%. LIBOR rates may be selected for one
 two
 three or six-month periods
Under the Loan Agreement a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2012
Year Ended December 31
An annual fee is payable in advance on the notional amount of each standby letter of credit issued and outstanding multiplied by an applicable rate ranging from 1.00% to 2.00%. We have had no letters of credit outstanding during 2012
Interest on the Term Loan accrues on the outstanding principal balance in the same manner as provided for under the Line of Credit
 as established under the LIBOR one-month Benchmark Rate. The interest rate on the Term Loan was 1.21% as of December 31
 2012. Accrued interest for the Term Loan is due and payable monthly. Principal payments are due monthly in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement
 with any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest due and payable on July 1
We were in compliance with all applicable contractual financial covenants at December 31
The Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of our personal property and by certain real property (Collateral). In addition
 we are restricted in our ability to declare or pay dividends
 repurchase outstanding common stock
We assumed an obligation for promissory notes signed in connection with the acquisition of commercial real estate related to our Portland
 Oregon brewery. These notes were separately executed with three individuals
 but with substantially the same terms and conditions. Each promissory note is secured by a deed of trust on the commercial real estate. The outstanding note balance to each lender as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $200
000
 with each note bearing a fixed interest rate of 24% per annum through June 30
 2010
 after which time the rate increased to 27.8% per annum as a result of a one-time adjustment reflecting the change in the consumer price index from the date of issue
 July 1
 2005
 to July 1
 2010. The promissory notes are carried at the total of stated value plus a premium reflecting the difference between our incremental borrowing rate and the stated note rate. The effective interest rate for each note is 6.31%. Each note matures on the earlier of the individual lender's death or July 1
 2015
In connection with the KBC Merger
 we assumed an obligation for a promissory note payable (Related Party Note) to a counterparty that was a significant KBC shareholder and remains a shareholder of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. The Related Party Note is secured by the equipment comprising a photovoltaic cell generation system (photovoltaic system) installed at our brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. Accrued interest on the Related Party Note is due and payable monthly at a fixed interest rate of 4.75%
 with monthly loan payments of $16
129. Any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under the Related Party Note will be due and payable on November 15
 2014. The photovoltaic system was eligible for certain federal grants and state tax credits
 which were applied for but not collected prior to the closing of the KBC Merger. The proceeds collected by us associated with the applicable federal grants and state tax credits were remitted to the creditor as a reduction of principal.




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

018

000

852


        

731

803

121


        

287

197

731


        

261

011

064


        

026

186

667


Selling
 general and administrative expenses

890

742

938


        
        
        
        


        

136

444

170


        
        
        
        


Gain on sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC
        

432
        


        
        
        

497)


Interest and other income
 net
        
        
        


        

477

692

786


        

951

041

100


        

526

651

686


        
        
        
        


        

862

834

523


        

934

931

568




        
          

        
          
            

 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
2
2
3
2
3
2
1
Pub food
11
9
446




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In July&#160;2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2012-02
 Intangibles &#8211; Goodwill and Other: Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment, which permits an entity to make a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset
 other than goodwill
 is impaired. Entities are required to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually and more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. If an entity concludes
 based on an evaluation of all relevant qualitative factors
 that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 it is not required to perform the quantitative impairment test for that asset. Because the qualitative assessment is optional
 an entity is permitted to bypass it for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and apply the quantitative test. ASU 2012-02 also permits the entity to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. ASU 2012-02 is effective for impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2012-02 in the fourth quarter of 2012 did not have any effect on our financial position
In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. Under ASU 2013-02
 an entity is required to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the financial statements or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of AOCI by the respective line items of net income
 but only if the amount reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety in the same reporting period. For amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional details about those amounts. ASU 2013-02 does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in the financial statements. ASU 2013-02 is effective for us on January 1
 2013.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Earnings per Share
 Basic and Diluted

        

      






Earnings per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Abstract]
        


Earnings per Share
 Basic and Diluted
Note 15.&#160;&#160;Earnings per Share
Year Ended December 31
18
18
17
18
18
17
568




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Our risk management objectives are to ensure that business and financial exposures to risk that have been identified and measured are minimized using the most effective and efficient methods to reduce
 transfer and
 when possible
We have assessed our vulnerability to certain business and financial risks
 including interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 we entered into a five-year interest rate swap contract with BofA with a total notional value of $8.9 million as of December 31
 2012 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings under our Term Loan with BofA. Through this swap agreement
 we pay interest at a fixed rate of 4.48% and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
 which was 0.21% at December 31
 2012. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 it qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. As of December 31
 2012
 unrealized net losses of $219
000 were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a result of this hedge. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reclassified into Interest expense in the same period during which we record Interest expense associated with the Term Loan. There was no hedge ineffectiveness recognized during 2012
The interest rate swap contract is secured by substantially all of our personal property and by the real properties located at 924 North Russell Street
 Portland
 Oregon and 14300 NE 145th Street
 Woodinville
The effect of our interest rate swap contracts that are accounted for as derivative instruments on our Consolidated Statements of Income for 2012
December 31
Year Ended December 31
Interest and other income
 net




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Sale of Equity Interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC (FSB)

        

      






Sale of Equity Interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC (FSB) [Abstract]
        


Sale of Equity Interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC (FSB)
Note 7.&#160;&#160;Sale of Equity Interest in Fulton Street Brewery
On May 2
 2011
 we sold our 42% interest in FSB for $16.3 million
 net of transaction fees. Proceeds consisted of $15.1 million received in cash and $1.2 million placed in escrow. The escrow balance was intended to satisfy valid claims
 if any
&#160;asserted by A-B during the 18 months following the closing date in connection with breaches of representations and warranties made by us in the Purchase Agreement. Of the $1.2 million escrow balance
 $0.4 million had been collected as of December 31
 2011 and $0.8 million was included in accounts receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31
 2011
We recognized $691
000 in 2011 for our share of FSB's earnings through the Closing Date and $696
000 in 2010. The book value of our equity investment in FSB was $5.9 million as of&#160; May 2
 2011.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Eligibility age
 Minimum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Employment term eligibility
 Minimum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by the terms of the plan
 that the employer may contribute to a defined contribution plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
1
1
1
3
2
816




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements

        

      






Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements [Abstract]
        


Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements
Note 6.&#160;&#160;Property
Property
87
82
53
52
7
7
Furniture
7
6
6
5
4
3
166
157
63
57
102
100
725




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On October&#160;1
 2010
 we completed a merger (the KBC Merger) by acquiring all outstanding shares of Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc.'s (KBC) common stock in exchange for $6.2 million in cash and the issuance of 1
667
We believe that the combined entity&#160;has been&#160;able to secure advantages beyond those that had already been achieved in our long-term strategic relationship with KBC in supporting its brand family of products. This acquisition has increased the breadth and variety of our brand offerings
We incurred merger-related expenses
 including legal
 consulting
 accounting and other professional fees
 and severance costs of $559
000
 which are reflected in Merger-related expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31
The acquisition of KBC was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
11
6
17
1
19
The fair value of our common stock issued was computed by multiplying the number of shares of common stock issued by $7.02
The carrying value of our 20% equity interest in Kona was $1.1 million on the acquisition date and we recognized a gain of $91
000 as a result of measuring Kona at fair value. The gain is included in Other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31
4
Property
4
4
14
4
1
Deferred income tax liabilities
2
7
6
12
The KBC Merger was structured as a stock purchase and
 therefore
 the values assigned to the trade name and trademarks
Prior to the acquisition date
 we accounted for our 20% equity ownership interest in Kona under the equity method of accounting. Upon completion of the business combination
 we consolidated the operations of KBC. Our results of operations included net sales of $3.2 million and net income of $309
000 attributable to KBC for the period from October 1
 2010 to December 31
 2010. Net income attributable to KBC for the period includes the effect of acquisition accounting adjustments
As a result of the KBC Merger
 KBC became a wholly owned subsidiary and
 accordingly
 KBC's results of operations are included in our consolidated results of operations from October 1
 2010. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 our share of KBC's net income prior to the KBC Merger was $146
Unaudited pro forma results of operations as if the KBC Merger had occurred on January&#160;1
 2010 are as follows (in thousands
December 31
128
2
181




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
14
14
2
2
1
1
16
17
17
17
Year Ended December 31



        
1
827




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      














 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

667
000


        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        

000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

702
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

237
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

939
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

139
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

858
000


Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

174
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

600
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

072
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

091
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

476
000


Deferred income tax liabilities
 net and other non-current liabilities
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

283
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

850
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

222
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

917
000


        

018
000

000
000

852
000
        
        

200
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

260
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

181
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

100
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        

000

000

000
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the number of instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the fair value of debt and securities issued and liabilities incurred to acquire the entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed
 and direct costs of the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shares
 or partnership interest) issued or issuable to acquire the entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph r(2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to equity holders of the acquired entity
 and transaction costs paid to third parties to consummate the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the excess of the cost of the acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment to be used in ongoing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Net sales
145
23
169
46
3
50
127
21
149
41
3
45
119
12
131
31
1
33
The segments use many of the same assets. For internal reporting purposes
 we do not allocate assets by segment and
 therefore
In preparing this financial information
 certain expenses were allocated between the segments based on management estimates
 while others were based on specific factors such as headcount. These factors can have a significant impact on the amount of gross profit for each segment. While we believe we have applied a reasonable methodology
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We lease office space
 restaurant and production facilities
 warehouse and storage space
 land and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2047. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require us to pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property. Under the terms of the land lease for our New Hampshire Brewery
Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31
1
1
11
16
Rent expense under all operating leases
Year Ended December 31
2
2
2
We sub-lease corporate office space to an unrelated party pursuant to a 5-year lease that began in February 2011. The lessee also leased this space pursuant to a previous lease agreement in 2010 and 2009. The lessee may renew the lease for two additional five-year periods. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income
Year Ended December 31
Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31
We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies
Year Ended December 31
The lease for the headquarters office space and restaurant facility expires in 2034
 with an extension at our option for two 10-year periods
 while the lease for the other facilities
 land and equipment expires in 2017 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. We hold a right to purchase the headquarters office space and restaurant facility at the greater of $2.0 million or the fair market value of the property as determined by a contractually established appraisal method. The right to purchase is not valid in the final year of the lease term or in each of the final years of the renewal terms
We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020
Year Ended December 31
We periodically enter into commitments to purchase certain raw materials in the normal course of business. Furthermore
 we have entered into purchase commitments and commodity contracts to ensure we have the necessary supply of malt and hops to meet future production requirements. Certain of the malt and hop commitments are for crop years through 2015. We believe that malt and hop commitments in excess of future requirements
 if any
 will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may take delivery of the commodities in excess of our requirements or make payments against the purchase commitments earlier than contractually obligated
In certain cases
 we have executed agreements with selected vendors to source our requirements for specific malt varieties for the years ending December 31
 2013
 2014
&#160;2015&#160;and 2016; however
 either the quantity to be delivered or the full price for the commodity has not been established at the present time. To the extent the commitment is not measurable or has not been fixed
We have entered into multi-year sponsorship and promotional commitments with certain professional sports teams and entertainment companies. Generally
 in exchange for our sponsorship consideration
 we post signage and provide other promotional materials at the site or the event. In certain instances
 we are granted an exclusive right to provide the craft beer products at the site or event. The terms of these sponsorship commitments expire at various dates May 31
Aggregate payments under purchase and sponsorship commitments as of December 31
16
2
18
2
1
3
1
1
20
3
24
747




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

496

878


        

644

153


Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net

852

725



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

664

481



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

236

729



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

598

598






        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

121

187



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

196

644



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
        
        



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

546

104




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
1
1
5
1
1
6
1
100


        
Year Ended December 31
1
5
State taxes
Permanent differences
1
6
1
100


        
December 31
2
2
3
Property
(11
(11
(6
(6
(18
(18
(15
(14
316


        
As of December 31
 2012
State NOLs
Federal insurance contributions act (FICA) credit carryforwards
 tax effected




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as tax authority
 amounts
 and expiration dates
 of net operating loss carryforwards
 including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

526

651

686


Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative hedge transactions
 net of tax
        
        
        


        

747

823

636




        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 of the change in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Also includes an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
 -Paragraph 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We maintain cash balances with financial institutions that may exceed federally insured limits. We did not have any cash equivalents at December 31
Accounts receivable is comprised primarily of trade receivables due from wholesalers and A-B for beer and promotional product sales. Because of state liquor laws and each wholesaler's agreement with A-B
 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31
Activity related to our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial in 2012
Inventories
 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product's carrying value
Property
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost reduced by proceeds received under applicable cash grants
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
Depreciation and amortization of property
Furniture
We evaluate potential impairment of long-lived assets
 including definite-lived intangible assets
 when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows in addition to other quantitative and qualitative analyses. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2012
We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. All of our goodwill has been allocated to our Beer Related reporting unit based on the relative fair value of the future benefit of the purchased and existing operations. We test goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds fair value
&#160;Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired
We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us as well as in kegs that have been leased from third parties. Kegs that are owned by us are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 regardless of whether the keg is owned or leased
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. See discussion at 
We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A-B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $7.6 million and $7.1 million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and $5.8 million and $5.1 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of trade accounts receivable. While wholesalers and A-B account for substantially all trade accounts receivable
 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers
We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
Advertising costs
 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $12.4 million
 $11.9 million and $9.5 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
Advertising expenses are included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses and frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling
The estimated fair value of stock-based awards is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the award
The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence
Deferred income taxes are established for the difference between the financial reporting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
We recognize the benefits of tax return positions when it is determined that the positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
Our Chief Operating Decision Maker monitors net sales and gross margins of our Beer Related operations and our Pubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing operations and related beer sales of our Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Kona and Omission&#160;beer brands. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs
Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year's data to conform to the current year's presentation. None of the changes impact our previously reported consolidated Net sales
 Gross profit
 Operating income
 Net income or Basic or diluted net income per share.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Earnings per Share
 Basic and Diluted (Details)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

862

834

523


        
        
        
        


        

934

931

568


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
As of both December 31
 2012 and 2011
In connection with the sale of our interest in FSB
 we modified two agreements with A-B originally executed in 2004: the Master Distributor Agreement (as amended and restated
 the A-B Distributor Agreement)
 which was amended primarily to lower our margin fees (Margin Fees) to be paid to A-B; and the Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement (as amended and restated
The modifications to the A-B Distributor Agreement reduced the Margin Fees to be paid to A-B for beer sold through A-B or the associated A-B distribution network
 except for beer sold in qualifying territories
 as defined
 from May 1
 2011 (the Commencement Date) until December 31
 2018
 to $0.25 per case equivalent from $0.74 per case equivalent. Beer sold through A-B or the associated A-B distribution network in qualifying territories
 as defined
 will be exempt from Margin Fees until September 30
 2013
 and thereafter will be assessed Margin Fees at the $0.25 per case equivalent through December 31
 2018. The exemption from Margin Fees for beer sold in the qualifying territories is subject to certain conditions
 including incurring sales and marketing expenses in the qualifying territories at or above specified amounts. In the event the A-B Distributor Agreement is renewed beyond December 31
 2018
 the A-B Distributor Agreement sets Margin Fees to be paid to A-B for the period beginning January 1
 2019 and ending December 31
 2028
If we purchase additional beer brands
Year Ended December 31
149
132
119
Margin fee paid to A-B
1
2
5
Sales to FSB through a contract brewing arrangement
3
2
Handling
 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B
Amounts received from A-B for lost keg fees and forfeited deposits
 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
We owned 42% of FSB prior to it becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of A-B in May 2011 and
 accordingly
Effective September 1
 2012
 in the best interest of both parties
 we mutually agreed with FSB to end our contract brewing arrangement. Under the termination agreement
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers through November 2012 utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB will pay us $70
6
8
(2
(1
(1
(2
2
4
Prior to the KBC Merger in October 2010
 KBC was a related party. For the year ended December 31
 2010
December 31
Alternating proprietorship fees related to leasing the Oregon Brewery to KBC
4
Fees for selling raw materials and packaging products to KBC
5
Rent charged to KBC for use of kegs for products distributed in Hawaii
 recorded as an offset to Cost of sales




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Net Sales
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin by Segment
Net sales
145
23
169
46
3
50
127
21
149
41
3
45
119
12
131
31
1
33
667


        
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -Paragraph 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.
              
 -Paragraph 21
 22
 23
 24
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Level 2 &#8211; other significant directly or indirectly observable inputs
 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates
Level 3 &#8211; significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources
Fair Value at December 31
Fair Value at December 31
The fair value of our interest rate swap is based on quarterly statements from the issuing bank. There were no changes to our valuation techniques during 2012
We believe the carrying amounts of Cash
 Accounts receivable
December 31
1
1
1
1
We have fixed-rate debt and calculate the estimated fair value of our fixed-rate debt using a discounted cash flow methodology. Using estimated current interest rates based on a similar risk profile and duration (Level 2)
 the fixed cash flows are discounted and summed to compute the fair value of the debt.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
 -Paragraph 15C
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 44A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 3
 10
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17-22
 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 32
 33
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













