

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-15-010194
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150304
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CRAFT BREW ALLIANCE
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000892222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				911141254
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26542
		FILM NUMBER:		15673343
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 NORTH RUSSELL
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97227
		BUSINESS PHONE:		503-331-7270
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		929 NORTH RUSSELL
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97227
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CRAFT BREWERS ALLIANCE
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080701
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REDHOOK ALE BREWERY
 INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080626
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REDHOOK ALE BREWERY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950703






 INC. 10-K 12-31-2014





    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 3.2.1.0




















































































 including area code:&#160; 

















































 if any



 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K



 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of &#8220;accelerated filer







 2014 (based upon the closing price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock
 as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market
 of $11.06 per share) was $122
055



 2015 was 19
115

























































































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











































































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance















































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence













































































 the words &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8221;may
&#8221; &#8220;plan&#8221; and similar expressions or their negatives identify forward-looking statements
 which generally are not historical in nature. These statements are based upon assumptions and projections that we believe are reasonable
 but are by their nature inherently uncertain. Many possible events or factors could affect our future financial results and performance
 and could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed
 including those risks and uncertainties described in &#8220;Item 1A. - Risk Factors&#8221; and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements






 we rely on and refer to information regarding industry data obtained from market research
 publicly available information
 industry publications
 U.S. government sources or other third parties. Although we believe that the third-party sources of information we use are materially complete
 accurate and reliable
 there is no assurance of the accuracy
























 Washington&#8217;s largest craft brewery founded in 1981; Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Oregon&#8217;s largest craft brewery founded in 1984; and Kona Brewing Company
 Hawaii&#8217;s oldest and largest craft brewery founded in 1994. As part of Craft Brew Alliance




 Craft Brew Alliance is committed to developing innovative new category leaders
 such as Omission Beer
 which is the #1 beer in the gluten free beer segment
 and Square Mile Cider




 Craft Brew Alliance is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon and operates five breweries and five pub restaurants across the U.S. For more information about CBA and its brands




 Oregon; the Seattle suburb of Woodinville
 Washington; Portsmouth
 New Hampshire; and Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii; and one brewery in Memphis
 Tennessee owned by our brewing partner. Additionally
 we own and operate two small innovation breweries
 primarily used for small batch production and innovative brews
 in Portland
 Oregon and Portsmouth




 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;) network. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers would own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. Redhook and Widmer Brothers beers are distributed in all 50 states and Kona beers are distributed in 40 states. Omission Beer continues to expand into new markets in the U.S. and internationally. Square Mile is currently available in 10 states in the West. Separate from our A-B wholesalers
 we maintain an internal independent sales and marketing organization with resources across the key functions of brand management
 field marketing
 field sales











 both domestically and internationally. Pubs operations primarily include our five pubs
 four of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations
 as well as other merchandise sales







 international brewers and craft brewers. Shipments of craft beer in the U.S. are estimated by industry sources to have increased by approximately 17.6% in 2014 over 2013 and by 15.4% in 2013 over 2012. While the overall domestic market experienced a modest decrease in shipments of 0.6% in 2014
 the craft beer segment continued its strong growth and captured market share from the rest of the domestic market. Craft beer shipments in 2014 and 2013 were approximately 9.2% and 7.9%
 respectively
 of total beer shipped in the U.S. Approximately 19.0 million barrels and 16.5 million barrels
 respectively
 were shipped in the U.S. by the craft beer segment during 2014 and 2013
 while total beer sold in the U.S.
 including imported beer
 was 206.2 million barrels and 206.2 million barrels
 respectively. Compared with the other segments of the U.S. brewing industry
 craft brewing is a relative newcomer. Twenty years ago
 Redhook and Widmer Brothers Brewery were two of the approximately 200 craft breweries in operation. By the end of 2014
 the number of craft breweries in operation had grown to 3
040. Industry sources estimate that craft beer produced by regional and national craft brewers
 similar to us
 accounts for approximately two-thirds of total craft beer sales




 Crown has emerged as a significant player in imports with its brewing capacity in Mexico
 and the large national domestic brewers have been acquired by or merged with other national domestic and foreign brewers. In 2014
 according to industry sources
 A&#8209;B and MillerCoors accounted for more than 70% of total beer shipped in the U.S.
 excluding imports. In addition


























Distinct

 Redhook Brewery
 and Kona Brewing Company
 as well as bold new trailblazers











 that allows us to get our beers to market faster
 fresher and more efficiently. We have significant flexibility to fully leverage the specific strengths of our distinct breweries and operations. Additionally
 we guarantee the quality and consistency of all of our products through fine-tuned processes that ensure everything from brewing to quality-assurance to warehousing and distribution meets our high standards. We believe that maximizing the production under our direct supervision and through accomplished and expert partners is critical to our success. Further
 we believe that our ability to engage in ongoing product innovation and to control product quality provides critical competitive advantages. Each of our breweries is modern
 has flexible production capabilities
 and is designed to produce beer in smaller batches relative to the national domestic brewers


















 through robust partnerships with leading retailers such as Buffalo Wild Wings
 Safeway
 and Costco. We leverage our national sales and marketing capabilities and complementary brand families to create a unique identity in the distribution channel and with the consumer. Our sales force calls on all retail channels nationally
 including grocery
 drug and convenience stores











 through the Anheuser-Busch wholesaler network alliance. This distribution footprint provides efficiencies in logistics and product delivery
 state reporting and licensing
 billing and collections. We have realized these efficiencies while maintaining full autonomy over the production











 with extensive experience in the beer and beverage industries. The team has a proven ability to manage brand lifecycles
 from development to turnaround










 Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Redhook Brewery




 malted barley
 wheat
 rye and other natural traditional and nontraditional ingredients. To craft our ciders










 Hawaii by father and son team Cameron Healy and Spoon Khalsa
 who had a dream to create fresh
 local island brews made with spirit
 passion and quality. It is a Hawaii-born and Hawaii-based craft brewery that prides itself on brewing the freshest beer of exceptional quality
 closest to market. This helps to minimize its carbon footprint by reducing shipping of raw materials
 finished beer and wasteful packaging materials. The brewery is headquartered where it began






Founded in 1984
 Widmer Brothers Brewing is celebrating 30 years of beer from April 2014 &#8211; April 2015. Founders Kurt and Rob Widmer helped create the Pacific Northwest craft beer movement in 1984 when
 in their 20s
 they began brewing unique interpretations of traditional German beer styles. In 1986
 Widmer Brothers Brewing introduced the original American-style Hefeweizen
 which elevated the brewery to national acclaim and has long been Oregon&#8217;s favorite craft beer. Since then
 the brewery has continued to push the boundaries of craft beer
 developing a variety of beers with an unapologetic
Based in Portland
 Oregon
 the brewery currently brews a variety of beers including Hefeweizen
 Upheaval IPA
 Alchemy Pale Ale
 Drop Top Amber Ale
 a full seasonal lineup
 and a series of limited edition beers.













 Redhook became one of America&#8217;s first &#8220;craft&#8221; breweries. From a modest start in a former transmission shop in the Seattle neighborhood of Ballard
 to the current breweries in Woodinville
 Washington and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire




 one thing has never changed &#8211; Redhook is still brewing great beers like ESB
 Long Hammer IPA
 and Audible Ale. Most importantly







 Oregon. Omission is the first craft beer brand in the U.S. focused exclusively on brewing great-tasting beers with traditional beer ingredients
 including malted barley
 that are specially crafted to remove gluten. Each batch of Omission Beer is tested independently using the R5 competitive ELISA test to ensure that it contains gluten levels below the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gluten-free standard of 20ppm or less. Omission produces three craft beers specially crafted to remove gluten: Omission Lager







 they were granted square mile parcels of land to stake their claims. It was on these square mile claims that some of the original Northwest orchards were planted










 year in business
 2014 represented the fifth consecutive year of double-digit growth for the Hawaiian brewery on the mainland. We continued to expand Longboard Lager and Big Wave Golden Ale into new markets
 entering three new states and increasing our U.S. distribution to 40 states. We also added several new countries to our ever-growing line-up
 with the long-anticipated move into Canada bringing us to 17 countries at year&#8217;s end. During the summer
 we launched our first-ever integrated marketing campaign that included TV
 radio
 digital and out of home to drive brand awareness and trial. Additionally
 we launched Castaway IPA
 previously available only in Hawaii




In March 2014
 Widmer Brothers introduced a new year-round IPA
 Upheaval
 to its core lineup. This Northwest Style India Pale Ale unleashes a huge hop flavor and aroma with serious bitterness and a balanced finish. Hazy and bold
 anniversary celebration
 Widmer Brothers brewed a series of collaboration beers with six of Oregon&#8217;s best craft breweries including: Boneyard
 Breakside
 10 Barrel
 Gigantic
 Ninkasi and Deschutes. The limited edition collaboration beers were distributed to select markets on draught and in 22oz bottles. The brewery also introduced the most ambitious beer series ever from an American craft brewery with its 30 Beers for 30 Years Series. Beginning in April
 Widmer Brothers brewed one beer to commemorate each year since the brewery was founded in 1984. These are the most memorable
 beloved and innovative beers in the brewery&#8217;s history. Each recipe was faithfully recreated and each bottle features special artwork designed by Portland artists.











000-plus Buffalo Wild Wings locations across the U.S. Redhook also continued its partnership with theCHIVE
 a popular online media platform
 to promote KCCO Black Lager. Redhook&#8217;s partnership beer with sports commentator Dan Patrick
 Audible Ale
 won Gold at the World Beer Cup. Redhook also launched False Start Session IPA at the Richard Sherman Celebrity Softball Game to celebrate Super Bowl XLVIII Champions





 Omission Beer became the official market leader in the gluten free beer category and continued to gain dollar share over the competition. Omission IPA continued to expand into new markets across the country
 following in the footsteps of Omission Lager and Pale Ale. With a major focus on the casual dining sector
 Omission Beer is on the menu of such large
 national chains as Olive Garden
 Red Robin





 Square Mile Cider Company expanded distribution in select Western states
 becoming the number two cider in the Northwest. The brand
 which finds its inspiration from the pioneering spirit of the original Oregon pioneers
 offers two varieties: The Original
 a classic American hard cider; and Spur &amp; Vine
 a hopped version of the classic American hard cider





 we added a Summer Variety Pack to complement our Winter Variety Pack released in 2012. Both Variety Packs include beers from Kona








 manual brewpub-style brewing systems. As of December 31
 2014
 our total owned production capacity was 1
075








. Our Oregon Brewery is our largest capacity production brewery
 consisting of a 230-barrel brewing system with an annual capacity of 630











. Our Washington Brewery utilizes a 100-barrel brewing system and has an annual capacity of 220











. Our New Hampshire Brewery utilizes a 100-barrel brewing system and has an annual capacity of 215











. Our Hawaiian Brewery utilizes a 25-barrel brewing system and has an annual capacity of 10











. Our Portland














 we initiated full-scale brewing with our brewing partner in Memphis
 Tennessee. This partnership provides us scalable capacity
 and we anticipate producing up to 100





 bottles and kegs. All of our production breweries
 with the exception of the Hawaiian Brewery
 have fully automated bottling and keg lines. The bottle fillers at all of the breweries utilize a carbon dioxide environment during bottling
 ensuring that minimal oxygen is dissolved in the beer and extending the beer&#8217;s shelf life. In February 2012
 we added a canning line at our Oregon Brewery to package our Kona Longboard Island Lager and Redhook Longhammer IPA in various can sizes. We offer an assortment of packages to highlight the unique characteristics of each of our beers and to provide greater opportunities for customers to drink our beers in more locations and at more events and occasions





 with central coordination at the Oregon Brewery. All of the breweries have an on-site laboratory where microbiologists and lab technicians supervise on-site yeast propagation
 monitor product quality
 test products
 measure color and bitterness
 and test for oxidation and unwanted bacteria. We also regularly utilize outside laboratories for independent product analysis. In addition





 mostly grown in the Pacific Northwest
 from competitive sources. We also periodically purchase small lots of hops from international sources
 such as New Zealand and Western Europe
 which we use to achieve a special hop character in certain beers. In order to ensure the supply of the hop varieties used in our products

current arrangements. We currently cultivate our own yeast supply for certain strains and maintain a separate
 secure supply in&#8209;house. We have access to multiple competitive sources for packaging materials
 such as labels
 six&#8209;pack carriers
 crowns









 2012
 in the best interest of both parties
 we mutually agreed with Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC (&#8220;FSB&#8221;) to end our contract brewing arrangement with them. Under the termination agreement
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB paid us $70




 we shipped 39
700 barrels under contract brewing arrangements compared to 30
300 barrels in 2013 and 49







 which creates a sense of brand loyalty. Our brewers are continually experimenting with new and different varieties of hops and malts in all styles of beer














 all brewers in the United States are required to sell their beers to independent wholesalers
 who then sell the beers to retailers. We are the only independent craft brewer in the U.S. to have established a wholly aligned distribution network through our partnership with A-B. This partnership provides us national distribution
 which results in both an effective distribution presence in each market and administrative efficiencies. Our beers are available for sale directly to consumers in draft
 cans and bottles at restaurants
 bars and liquor stores
 as well as in cans and bottles at supermarkets
 warehouse clubs




 pursuant to a master distributor agreement with A-B that allows us access to A-B&#8217;s national distribution network. For additional information regarding our relationship with A-B


 as a result




 we sold approximately 766
600 barrels and 708
100 barrels
 respectively
 to the wholesalers in A-B&#8217;s distribution network through the A-B Distributor Agreement
 accounting for 92.3% and 93.6%
 respectively







 we promote our products through a national sales and marketing network that includes but is not limited to i) creating and executing a range of advertising programs; ii) training and educating wholesalers and retailers about our products; and iii) promoting our name
 product offerings and brands
 and experimental beers at local festivals




 including television
 radio
 billboard
 print and social media
 including Facebook
 Twitter and Instagram
 in key markets and by participating in cooperative programs with our wholesalers whereby our spending is matched by the distributor. We believe that the financial commitment by the distributor helps align the distributor&#8217;s interests with ours




 several of the breweries have meeting rooms that the public can rent for business meetings
 parties and holiday events
 and that we use to entertain and educate wholesalers
 retailers and the media about our products. At our pubs
 we sell various items of apparel and other merchandise bearing our trademarks
 which creates further awareness of our beers and reinforces our brand image. To further promote retail canned and bottled product sales and in response to local competitive conditions









 we granted A-B certain contractual rights. The Exchange Agreement was entered into as part of a recapitalization in which we redeemed preferred shares held by A-B in exchange for cash and our common stock currently held by A-B
 which represents 31.7% of our outstanding shares of common stock at December 31











 except where prohibited by law or stock exchange requirements
 or with respect to a committee formed to evaluate transactions or proposed transactions between A-B and us. The Exchange Agreement contains limitations on our ability to take certain actions without A-B&#8217;s prior consent
 including
 but not limited to
 our ability to issue equity securities or acquire or sell assets or stock
 amend our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws
 grant board representation rights
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates
 distribute our products in the United States other than through A-B or as provided in the A-B Distributor Agreement





 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Omission and Square Mile in all states
 territories and possessions of the United States
 including the District of Columbia and
 except with respect to Kona beers
 all U.S. military
 diplomatic
 and governmental installations in a U.S. territory or possession. Under the A-B Distributor Agreement
 we granted A-B the right of first refusal to distribute our products
 including any internally developed new products but excluding new products that we acquire. We are responsible for marketing our products to A-B&#8217;s wholesalers




 2018
 subject to automatic renewal for an additional ten-year period unless A-B provides written notice of non-renewal to us on or prior to June 30
 2018. The A-B Distributor Agreement is also subject to immediate termination
 by either party




 the A-B Distributor Agreement may be terminated by A-B
 with six months&#8217; prior written notice to us




























 and a satisfactory successor
 in A&#8209;B&#8217;s opinion



















 its subsidiaries
 affiliates
 or parent
 incur any obligation or expense as a result of a claim asserted against them by or in our name
 or by our affiliates or shareholders








 including margin fees
 invoicing
 staging and cooperage handling fees











 with the first and fourth quarters historically exhibiting low sales levels compared to the second and third quarters. Accordingly














 which encompasses domestic and imported beers
 flavored alcohol beverages
 spirits




 including contract brewers
 and the large number of products offered by such brewers. Craft brewers have also encountered more competition as their peers expand distribution. Competition also varies by regional market. Depending on the local market preferences and distribution
 we have encountered strong competition from microbreweries
 regional specialty brewers and several national craft brewers that include MillerCoors&#8217; Tenth and Blake Beer Company division (&#8220;Tenth and Blake&#8221;)
 and A-B&#8217;s Craft division. A-B&#8217;s Craft division includes Goose Island
 Blue Point Brewing
 10 Barrel Brewing Company and Shock Top. Because of the large number of participants and number of different products offered in this segment
 the competition for packaged product placements and especially for draft beer placements has intensified. Although certain of these competitors distribute their products nationally and may have greater financial and other resources than we have
 we believe that we possess certain competitive advantages




 such as Heineken
 Corona Extra and Guinness. Most of these foreign brewers have significantly greater financial resources than we have. Although imported beers currently account for a greater share of the U.S. beer market than craft beers
 we believe that craft brewers possess certain competitive advantages over some importers
 including lower transportation costs
 no importation costs
 proximity to and familiarity with local consumers
 a higher degree of product freshness




 most of the major domestic national brewers have introduced fuller-flavored beers
 including well-funded significant product launches in the wheat category. While these product offerings are intended to compete with craft beers
 many of them are brewed according to methods used by these brewers in their other product offerings. The major national brewers
 including Tenth and Blake through MillerCoors
 and A-B Craft brands through A-B
 have significantly greater financial resources than us and have access to a greater array of advertising and marketing tools to create product awareness of these offerings. Although increased participation by the major national brewers increases competition for market share and can heighten price sensitivity within the craft beer segment
 we believe that their participation tends to increase advertising
 distribution and consumer education and awareness of craft beers




 several major distilled spirits producers and national brewers have introduced flavored alcohol beverages. Products such as the Bud Light Rita family
 Smirnoff Ice and Mike&#8217;s Hard Lemonade have captured sizable market share in the higher-priced end of the malt beverage industry. We believe sales of these products
 along with strong growth in the imported and craft beer segments of the malt beverage industry




 television advertising
 increased merchandising and increased consumer interest in wine and spirits. Recently
 the wine industry has been aided
 on a limited basis
 by its ability to sell outside of the three-tier system
 allowing sales to be made directly to the consumer. While the craft beer segment competes with wine and spirits











 which we believe are among the most competitive craft beer markets in the United States
 both in terms of number of participants and consumer awareness. We believe that these areas offer significant competition for our products
 not only from other craft brewers but also from the growing wine market and from flavored alcohol beverages. Our recent marketing efforts have been focused on creating appealing new brands and better communicating the attributes of our portfolio of existing beers














 state and local levels. Various permits
 licenses and approvals necessary for our brewery and pub operations and the sale of alcoholic beverages are required from a number of agencies
 including the U.S. Treasury Department
 the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#8220;TTB&#8221;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 state alcohol regulatory agencies
 and state and local health
 sanitation
 safety
 fire and environmental agencies. In addition



 brewing or packaging equipment
 brewery ownership








 brewers
 such as us
 that produce less than two million barrels annually are taxed at $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels shipped
 with shipments above this amount taxed at the normal rate. Certain states also levy excise taxes on alcoholic beverages. Excise taxes may be increased in the future by the federal government or any state government or both. In the past





 among other things
 air emissions
 water discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes. While we have no reason to believe the operation of our breweries violate any such regulation or requirement
 if such a violation were to occur
 or if environmental regulations were to become more stringent in the future




 under certain circumstances














 including our proprietary bottle designs. Trademark registrations generally include specific product names
The Kona Brewing
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 and Omission marks and certain other marks are also registered in various foreign countries. We regard our Kona Brewing
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Omission







 2014
 we employed approximately 785 people
 including 385 employees in the pubs and retail stores
 210 employees in production






 free of charge
 our annual report on Form 10&#8209;K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements and any amendments to those reports

















 and are expected to continue to be
 significant. If we have not gauged consumer preferences correctly
 or are unable to maintain consistently high quality beers as we develop new brands
 our overall brand image may be damaged. If this were to occur
 our future sales
 results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. Also





 as well as in the much larger specialty beer category
 which includes the imported beer segment and fuller-flavored beers offered by major national brewers. We also face increasing competition from producers of wine





 interruptions
 or breaches of security of these systems. However
 there can be no assurances that these policies and procedures will eliminate the occurrence of failures
 interruptions or breaches of security or that they will adequately restore our systems or minimize any such events. The occurrence of a failure
 interruption or breach of security of our computer information systems could result in loss of intellectual property
 delays in our production
 loss of critical information
 or other events











 including sensitive and personally identifiable information. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss
 inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us
 our employees
 or our customers
 including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of hacking
 fraud
 trickery or other forms of deception
 could expose us
 our customers or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. This could result in litigation and potential liability for us
 damage our brand image and reputation or otherwise harm our business. In addition





 including craft beer
 can be sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions
 job losses and the resultant rising unemployment rate
 perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth
 and changes in consumer confidence in the economy
 could significantly reduce customer demand for craft beer in general
 and the products we offer specifically. Furthermore
 our consumers may choose to replace our products with the fuller-flavored national brands or other more affordable
 although lower quality





 including craft beer
 it would adversely impact our sales and results of operations. There is no assurance that the craft brewing segment will continue to experience growth in future periods. If the markets for wine
 spirits or flavored alcohol beverages continue to grow
 this could draw consumers away from the beer industry in general and our products specifically and have an adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Further
 the alcoholic beverage industry has become the subject of considerable societal and political attention in recent years due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including drunk driving
 underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. As an outgrowth of these concerns
 the possibility exists that advertising by beer producers could be restricted
 that additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements may be imposed or that there may be renewed efforts to impose
 at either the federal or state level
 increased excise or other taxes on beer sold in the United States. If beer in general were to fall out of favor among domestic consumers
 or if the domestic beer industry were subjected to significant additional governmental regulation
 it would likely have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition





 we cannot assure you that
 despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality
 we will always meet these standards. If we
 or our brewing partner
 fail to comply with applicable product safety and quality standards and our products on the market are
 or become
 contaminated or adulterated
 we may be required to conduct costly product recalls and may become subject to product liability claims and negative publicity






 we would be faced with a number of operational tasks
 including establishing and maintaining direct contracts with the existing wholesaler network or negotiating agreements with replacement wholesalers on an individual basis
 and enhancing our credit evaluation
 billing and accounts receivable processes. Such an undertaking would require significant effort and substantial time to complete












 we continue to rely heavily on wholesalers
 most of which are independent
 for the sale of our products to retailers. Independent wholesalers make their own business decisions that may not align with our interests and there is no assurance that the sales efforts of distributors will be effective in generating sales of our products. Any disruption in the ability of the wholesalers
 A-B
 or us to distribute products efficiently due to any significant operational problems
 such as wide-spread labor union strikes or the loss of a major wholesaler as a customer
 could hinder our ability to get our products to retailers and could have a material adverse impact on our sales
 results of operations and cash flows. A-B has been purchasing distributors in states where it is legally permissible





 we must obtain A-B's consent before acquiring another brewer if the purchase price exceeds $30 million or to purchase a non-brewing entity if the purchase price exceeds $2 million. If A-B opposes strategic or financial investments proposed by our management





 which makes A-B our largest shareholder. Under the Exchange Agreement
 A-B may designate two nominees to our board of directors
 who also participate on our audit
 compensation





 2014
 the annual working capacity of our breweries was approximately 1
075
000 barrels. Due to many factors
 including seasonality and production schedules of various draft products and bottled products and packages
 actual production capacity will rarely
 if ever
 approach full working capacity. We believe that capacity utilization of the breweries will fluctuate throughout the year
 and even though we expect that capacity of our breweries will be efficiently utilized during periods when our sales are strongest
 there likely will be periods when the capacity utilization will be lower. If we experience contraction in our sales volumes
 the resulting excess capacity and unabsorbed overhead will have an adverse effect on our gross margins
 operating cash flows and overall financial performance. We periodically evaluate whether we expect to recover the costs of our production breweries over the course of their useful lives. If facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these long-lived assets may be impaired
 an evaluation of recoverability will be performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows along with other quantitative and qualitative analyses. If we determine that the carrying value of such assets does not appear to be recoverable
 we will recognize an impairment loss by a charge against current operations





 consequently
 our future sales may be adversely affected by changes in economic and business conditions within these areas. We also believe these regions are among the most competitive craft beer markets in the United States
 both in terms of number of market participants and consumer awareness. The Pacific Northwest and California offer significant competition to our products
 not only from other craft brewers
 but also from the major domestic brewers












 which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Additionally
 the loss of Andrew Thomas as our chief executive officer
 and the failure to find a replacement satisfactory to A-B





 including: product pricing levels; sales mix between draft and packaged product sales and within the various bottled product packages; level of fixed and semi-variable operating costs; level of production at our breweries in relation to current production capacity; availability and prices of raw materials
 production inputs such as energy





 we experienced higher than average medical expense claims
 which increased our Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#160; If this trend continues





 including sales forecasting
 raw material ordering
 brewing and distribution. The combination of our recent growth and increased brand complexity has increased the operating complexity of our business. We cannot guarantee that we will effectively manage such complexity without experiencing planning failures




 including A-B and our wholesalers





 we entered into a contract brewing relationship with our brewing partner in Memphis
 Tennessee
 and anticipate producing up to 100
000 barrels of our beer at that facility annually. If production at that facility should be disrupted due to unforeseen circumstances
 our ability to produce and ship sufficient quantities of our beer to meet demand in certain key geographic markets
 particularly Texas and the southeastern United States
 could be significantly impaired





 brewers that produce less than two million barrels annually are taxed at $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels shipped
 with the remainder of the shipments taxed at the normal rate. Individual states that we operate in also impose excise taxes on beer and other alcohol beverages in varying amounts
 which have been subject to change. Federal and state legislators routinely consider various proposals to impose additional excise taxes on the production of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. Any such increases in excise taxes
 if enacted
 would adversely affect our financial condition












 state and local laws and regulations govern the production and distribution of beer
 including permitting
 licensing
 trade practices
 labeling
 advertising and marketing
 distributor relationships and various other matters. A variety of federal
 state and local governmental authorities also levy various taxes
 license fees and other similar charges and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations may cause the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau or any particular state or jurisdiction to revoke its license or permit
 restricting our ability to conduct business
 or result in the imposition of significant fines or penalties. One or more regulatory authorities could determine that we have not complied with applicable licensing or permitting regulations or have not maintained the approvals necessary for us to conduct business within our jurisdiction. If licenses
 permits or approvals necessary for our brewery or pub operations were unavailable or unduly delayed
 or if any permits or licenses that we hold were to be revoked
 or additional permits or licenses were required in the future
 including as a result of expanding our operations
 our ability to conduct business may be disrupted
 which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition






 with the first and fourth quarters historically being lower and the rest of the year generating stronger sales. Our sales volume may also be affected by weather conditions and selling days within a particular period. Therefore
 the results for any given quarter will likely not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. If an adverse event such as a regional economic downturn or poor weather conditions should occur during the second and third quarters




 on commercially reasonable terms
 or in sufficient amounts


 in part
 on our revolving line of credit with Bank of America
 N.A. (BofA)
 to fund our operations and commitments for capital expenditures. Our capital expenditures in 2015 are expected to range from $17 million to $21 million. A number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for debt. These factors include general economic conditions
 disruptions or declines in the global capital markets
 and our financial performance or outlook




 including if we generate less revenue than anticipated from our operations or encounter significant unexpected costs
 we may fail to comply with the financial covenants under our credit facilities. If we do not comply with our financial covenants and we do not obtain a waiver or amendment
 BofA may elect to cause all amounts owed to become immediately due and payable. Any default may require us to seek additional capital or modifications to our credit facilities
 which may not be available or which may be costly. Any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial position
 results of operations





 we have made
 and expect to continue to make
 significant investments in improvements aimed at increasing the efficiency
 capabilities and capacity of our breweries
 improving our ordering and logistics systems











 including risks relating to selection and pricing of acquisition targets


 however
 that we will be able to identify or take advantage of such opportunities. If we do pursue such transactions
 we may not realize the anticipated benefits. Acquisitions involve many risks
 including risks relating to the assumption of unforeseen liabilities of an acquired business
 adverse accounting charges resulting from the acquisition
 and difficulties in integrating acquired companies into our business
 both from a cultural perspective
 as well as with respect to technological integration. Our inability to successfully integrate acquired businesses or manage joint ventures may lead to increased costs
 failure to generate expected returns
 or even a total loss of amounts invested









 we may need to rely on kegs leased from A-B to address the additional demand. If shipments of draft beer increase
 we may experience a shortage of available kegs to fill sales orders. If we cannot meet our keg requirements through either lease or purchase





 Kurt R. Widmer (&#8220;Kurt&#8221;) and Robert P. Widmer (&#8220;Rob&#8221;)
 are integral to our current Widmer Brothers brand family messaging and we rely on the positive public perception of their images
 as founders. The role of Kurt
 as founder and chairman of the board
 and Rob
 as founder and vice president of corporate quality assurance and industry relations
 are emphasized as part of our Widmer Brothers brand communication and have appeal to some drinkers. If Kurt or Rob were not willing or able to continue in their active roles
 their absence could detrimentally affect the strength of our messaging and
 accordingly






 we are reliant on certain third parties for key raw materials
 packaging materials and utilities. Any disruption in the willingness or ability of these third parties to supply these critical components could hinder our ability to continue production of our products
 which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition





 among other things
 air emissions
 water discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes. While we have no reason to believe the operation of our breweries violates any such regulation or requirement
 if such a violation were to occur
 or if environmental regulations were to become more stringent in the future





 A&#8209;B has a significant ownership stake in us. In addition
 Kurt Widmer and Rob Widmer together beneficially own approximately 2.2 million shares
 or 11.6%
 of our common stock. Collectively
 these two groups own 43.3% of our equity. All of these shares are available for sale in the public market
 subject to volume
 manner of sale and other requirements under the Securities Act of 1933. Such sales in the public market
 or the perception that such sales may occur













 under our loan agreement with BofA
 we are not permitted to declare or pay a dividend unless we meet certain financial covenants. As a result




 including goodwill


 we have recognized a significant increase in our total intangible assets
 including goodwill. As of December 31
 2014
 we had $29.4 million in an assortment of intangible assets
 on a net basis
 which represented nearly 16.5% of our total assets. If any circumstances were to occur
 such as economic recession or other factors causing a reduction in consumer demand
 or for any other reason we were to experience a significant decrease in sales growth
 which had a negative impact on our estimated cash flows associated with these assets
 our analyses of these assets may conclude that a decrease in the fair value of these assets occurred. If this were to occur



























 small-batch production breweries: the Oregon Brewery
 the Washington Brewery
 the New Hampshire Brewery
 and the Hawaiian Brewery
 as well as two small
 innovation brewing systems in Portland
 Oregon and Portsmouth
 New Hampshire. We lease the sites upon which the Hawaiian Brewery and Pubs
 the New Hampshire Breweries and Pub
 the Portland Innovation Brewery
 and Oregon Pub are located
 in addition to our office space and warehouse locations in Portland
 Oregon for our corporate
 administrative and sales functions. In 2014
 we entered into a lease for space in Southern California for our national sales office. These operating leases expire at various times between 2016 and 2047. Certain of these leases are with related parties. See Notes 16 and 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II

























































































































































 the total annual capacity of all our breweries was approximately 1
075
000 barrels as of December 31
 2014 and 2013. Combined
 our breweries have the potential to reach 1
220











 we initiated full-scale brewing with our brewing partner in Memphis
 Tennessee. This partnership provides us scalable capacity and we anticipate producing up to 100


















 from time to time
 in claims
 proceedings and litigation arising in the normal course of business. We believe that
 to the extent that any pending or threatened litigation involving us or our properties exists






























Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities






 for the fiscal quarters indicated
 the reported high and low closing sale prices of our common stock



































































































































































































 we may not declare or pay dividends without BofA&#8217;s consent. We anticipate that
 for the foreseeable future
 all earnings will be retained for the operation and expansion of our business and that we will not pay cash dividends. The payment of dividends
 if any
 in the future
 will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 future earnings
 capital and operating requirements
 restrictions in future financing agreements
 our general financial condition


























 assuming a $100 initial investment and reinvestment of dividends
 of (a) Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Washington&#8217;s largest craft brewery founded in 1981; Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Oregon&#8217;s largest craft brewery founded in 1984; and Kona Brewing Company
 Hawaii&#8217;s oldest and largest craft brewery founded in 1994. As part of Craft Brew Alliance




 Craft Brew Alliance is committed to developing innovative new category leaders
 such as Omission Beer
 which is the #1 beer in the gluten free beer segment
 and Square Mile Cider




 Craft Brew Alliance is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon and operates five breweries and five pub restaurants across the U.S. For more information about CBA and its brands




 Oregon; the Seattle suburb of Woodinville
 Washington; Portsmouth
 New Hampshire; and Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii; and one brewery in Memphis
 Tennessee owned by our brewing partner. Additionally
 we own and operate two small innovation breweries
 primarily used for small batch production and innovative brews
 in Portland
 Oregon and Portsmouth




 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;) network. These sales are made pursuant to a Master Distributor Agreement (the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;) with A-B. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers would own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. Redhook and Widmer Brothers beers are distributed in all 50 states and Kona beers are distributed in 40 states. Omission Beer continues to expand into new markets in the U.S. and internationally. Square Mile is currently available in 10 states in the West. Separate from our A-B wholesalers
 we maintain an internal independent sales and marketing organization with resources across the key functions of brand management
 field marketing
 field sales




 both domestically and internationally. Pubs operations primarily include our five pubs
 four of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations
 as well as other merchandise sales


































































































 for the periods indicated
 certain information from our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of Net sales

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 a shift in package mix from draft to packaged
 which has a higher selling price per barrel than draft







 and 0.4% in 2013 compared to 2012
 primarily due to pricing increases and shifts in brand
 package and geographic mix. Price changes implemented by us have generally followed craft beer market pricing trends. During 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we sold 92.3%
 93.6% and 91.0%
 respectively











 which sell at a higher rate per barrel than contract brewing sales




 2012. This decrease was partially offset by a $1.2 million increase in international shipments of our beers
 which sell at a higher rate per barrel than contract brewing sales. Pursuant to our agreement with FSB
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers by the end of November 2012 utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB agreed to a termination fee of $0.8 million that we recorded in Sales during the period from September 1
 2012 to December 31
 2012 and
 under the terms of the termination agreement
 we collected $70







 primarily as a result of our Kona Pubs in Hawaii experiencing increased sales
 and our Redhook Pub in Woodinville being open the full year in 2014 compared to the twelve-week closure for a full remodel of that location during 2013




 as well as increased average pricing. The increase in Pubs sales was partially offset by lower sales at our Redhook Pub in Woodinville as a result of its closure for remodeling
 in addition to a decrease in beer shipment volume through our pubs. The Redhook Pub in Woodinville




 Omission Beer and Redhook Brewery brands




 Redhook Brewery and Omission Beer brands










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 as well as expansion of sales of our Kona brands into certain Midwest states at the beginning of 2013












 as well as further penetration into existing markets
 particularly by our Long Hammer IPA




 a craft beer developed in partnership with Dan Patrick
 at the Super Bowl in February 2013
 as well as our new Game Changer Ale
 co-developed with Buffalo Wild Wings as a craft beer that pairs well with wings. Redhook is also experiencing further penetration into existing markets




 shipments lagged depletions for 2013 as a result of optimizing our supply chain processes
 including brewing



























































































































































































































 Omission and Redhook packaged beers and lower volumes on our Widmer Brothers draft beer. Increased competition across the industry
 as a result of both the entry of large
 multi-national brewers into the craft beer segment and the significant increase in small
 local breweries nationally
















































































 we increased the combined capacity of our production breweries from approximately 900
000 barrels per year to approximately 1
075
000 barrels per year. Utilization in 2012 would have been 67% if this increased capacity of our breweries had been available since January 1




 we initiated full-scale brewing with our brewing partner in Memphis
 Tennessee. This partnership provides us scalable capacity and we anticipate producing up to 100





 direct labor



































































































































































































































































































































 as well as the mix shift from draft to packaged product as the per barrel equivalent cost of packaged product is higher than draft. These increases were partially offset by increased efficiencies




 Tennessee. We experienced incremental startup costs for initial shipments out of the Memphis brewery as a result of launching during the peak selling season. The impact of decreased production and higher shipment costs represented approximately $0.7 million
 or $420
000 after tax




 as well as the mix shift from draft to packaged as the per barrel equivalent cost of packaged is higher than draft




 including labor




 including labor
 food



































































































































































































































































































































 or gross margin rate


























































































































 as well as increased pricing
 improved operating efficiencies of our breweries and optimization of our supply chain
 partially offset by the additional costs incurred related to initiating brewing in Memphis
 Tennessee




 as discussed above
 optimization of our supply chain
 and increases in pricing
 partially offset by the effect of changes in product mix and additional costs incurred related to initiating brewing in Memphis
 Tennessee. The increase in the Pubs gross margin rate in 2014 over 2013 was primarily due to the 2013 temporary closure of our Woodinville




 as discussed above






 general and administrative expenses (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) include compensation and related expenses for our sales and marketing activities
 management







































































































































































































































 both in dollars and as a percentage of Net sales
 was primarily due to the planned increases in SG&amp;A spending
 primarily for Kona television advertising in select markets












































































































































































































































































 40.0% and 43.6% in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The effective income tax rates reflect the impact of non-deductible expenses (primarily meals and entertainment expenses)
 state and local taxes
 tax credits




 2013. This one-time adjustment resulted in a 3.4 percentage point increase to our 2012 effective income tax rate
 or $153







 to support our expansion and growth plans
 and to fund our working capital needs. Historically
 we have financed our capital requirements through cash flows from operations
 bank borrowings and the sale of common and preferred stock. We anticipate meeting our obligations for the twelve months beginning January 1
 2015 primarily from cash flows generated from operations and borrowing under our line of credit facility as the need arises. Capital resources available to us at December 31

















































































































































































 net non-cash expenses of $9.8 million




 net
 increased $0.3 million to $11.7 million at December 31
 2014 compared to $11.4 million at December 31
 2013. This increase was primarily due to an increase in our Contract Brewing and Beer Related revenue
 partially offset by a $0.6 million decrease in our receivable from A-B to a total of $7.8 million at December 31
 2014
 due to the timing of shipments. Historically




 2014 compared to $16.6 million at December 31
 2013




 2014 compared to $3.4 million at December 31
 2013
 primarily due to increases in prepaid property and excise taxes




 2014 compared to $14.7 million at December 31
 2013
 primarily due to the timing of payments for brewing and production activities. The portion of our payable to A-B that is included in our Accounts payable totaled $1.8 million at December 31
 2014
 which is consistent with the balance at December 31




 2014 compared to $1.4 million at December 31
 2013




 2014









000

















 accordingly
 once utilized




 2014
 we had an additional $0.6 million of expenditures recorded in Accounts payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
 compared to $0.3 million at December 31
 2013. In June 2014
 we entered into a capital lease financing arrangement related to equipment already purchased and included in the $15.8 million above
 and received cash proceeds of $0.8 million. The lease term is 84 months with an effective interest rate of 2.98% per annum and payments due monthly. We anticipate capital expenditures of approximately $17 million to $21 million in 2015 primarily for capacity and efficiency improvements














 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with Bank of America
 N.A.
 which consists of a $22.0 million revolving line of credit (&#8220;Line of Credit&#8221;)
 including provisions for cash borrowings and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
 and a $10.4 million term loan (&#8220;Term Loan&#8221;). We may draw upon the Line of Credit for working capital and general corporate purposes until expiration on October 31
 2018. The maturity date of the Term Loan is September 30
 2023. At December 31
 2014




 interest accrues at an annual rate based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&#8220;LIBOR&#8221;) Daily Floating Rate plus a marginal rate. The marginal rate varies from 1.00% to 2.25% based on our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2014
 our marginal rate was 1.00%




 2013
 we paid down the Term Loan by $0.6 million in order to bring the outstanding principal balance to $10.8 million to achieve an 80% loan to value ratio on certain property securing the Loan Agreement. Principal payments are due monthly in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule set forth in the Loan Agreements
&#160;with any unpaid principal and accrued interest being paid on September 30




 2013 amendment also provided for the approval of acquisitions within the same line of business as long as we remain in compliance with the financial covenants of the Loan Agreement and at least $5.0 million remains available on the Line of Credit following the acquisition. In addition
 the amendment released our Woodinville
 Washington property as collateral and
 accordingly














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 which was 0.16% at December 31




























 market trends and financial forecasts and projections
 and upon various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances at various points in time. Actual results may differ
 potentially significantly





 or as indicators of impairment are present. We have an option to first assess certain qualitative factors for indications of impairment in order to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative
 two-step impairment test. If we choose not to first perform the qualitative test
 or we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount




 including estimating future cash flows. These calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and apply judgment to estimate economic factors and the profitability of future business operations and
 if necessary
 the fair value of a reporting unit&#8217;s assets and liabilities. Further
 our ability to realize the future cash flows used in our fair value calculations is affected by changes in such factors as economic conditions
 our operating performance




 no impairment was recorded. We believe
 based on our assessment discussed above
 that our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not at risk of impairment. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions or there are significant changes in any of these estimates
 projections or assumptions





 equipment and leasehold improvements in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 we collect a refundable deposit
 reflected as a current liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. When a wholesaler cannot account for some of our kegs for which it is responsible
 it pays us a fixed fee and forfeits its deposit for each keg determined to be lost. We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the similarities between kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively low deposit collected on each keg when compared with the market value of the keg. We believe that this is an industry-wide issue and our loss experience is typical of the industry. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 A-B records
 other third-party records















 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network











 we will record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. If we are unable to generate adequate taxable income in future periods or our assessment that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will be realized is otherwise not accurate







 changes in financial condition
 revenue or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity






















 including interest rate risk associated with financial instruments included in Cash and cash equivalents and Long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 on January 23
 2014
 we entered into an $8.0 million notional amount interest rate swap agreement
 which expires September 29
 2023
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 it qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. This interest rate swap hedges 75% of our total term loan outstanding and reduces our overall interest rate risk. As of December 31
 2014
 we had unhedged variable-rate debt outstanding of $2.6 million on our term loan and $3.0 million on our line of credit. A 10% increase or decrease in the interest rate on our variable-rate debt would not have a material effect on our financial position




































 (In thousands
 except per share data)






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 (In thousands
 except per share data)


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31




 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management




 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2014




 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 Craft Brew Alliance Inc.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 4































































































































































































































 equipment and leasehold improvements













































































































































































































































































































































































































 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 19
115
396 and 18
972






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Inc. was formed in 1981 to brew and sell craft beer. We produce
 sell and market on a national basis innovative packaged and draft products for the Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Omission and Square Mile brands at our six company-owned breweries and operate five pubs that promote our products




 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;)
 a significant shareholder. In 2004
 we and A&#8209;B entered into three agreements
 an exchange and recapitalization agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;)
 a master distributor agreement (as amended




 we distribute our products in substantially all of our markets through A&#8209;B&#8217;s seamless national wholesale distributor network. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. A-B&#8217;s domestic wholesaler network consists primarily of independent wholesalers
 together with branches owned by A-B. The A-B Distributor Agreement is subject to early termination by either party upon the occurrence of certain events. The A&#8209;B Distributor Agreement expires December 31
 2018
 but may be renewed automatically for an additional ten-year period unless A&#8209;B provides written notice to the contrary on or before June 30




















 2014
 there were no cash equivalents. Cash equivalents totaled $2.7 million at December 31




 we utilize a controlled disbursement account to fund cash distribution checks presented for payment by the holder. Checks issued but not yet presented to banks may result in overdraft balances for accounting purposes. As of December 31
 2014
 there were no bank overdrafts. As of December 31
 2013





 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31
















 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food




 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&#8217;s carrying value






 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization






















































 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2014




























 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit&#8217;s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 we then perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. Under the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 and
 if an indication of goodwill impairment exists in the reporting unit
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. Under step two
 an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill as determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value












 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired





 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us




 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A&#8209;B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. Our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $8.0 million at December 31
 2014 and 2013 in refundable deposits on kegs and $10.1 million and $6.5 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment





 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers









 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network











 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income












 sales
 use









 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $15.0 million
 $12.4 million and $12.4 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
















 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence





 including attorney fees
 and potential settlement claims related to various legal proceedings that are estimable and probable. If not estimable and probable
 legal costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Selling





 in the opinion of management











 2014 and 2013





 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and Omission beer brands and Square Mile cider brand. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs






















 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2015-1
 &#8220;Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.&#8221; This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. ASU 2015-1 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-1 to have a material effect on our financial position





 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-17
 &#8220;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Pushdown Accounting.&#8221; This ASU provides an acquired entity with an option to apply pushdown accounting in its separate financial statements upon occurrence of an event in which an acquirer obtains control of the acquired entity. An acquired entity may elect the option to apply pushdown accounting in the reporting period in which the change-in-control event occurs. If pushdown accounting is applied to an individual change-in-control event
 that election is irrevocable. ASU 2014-17 was effective on November 18
 2014. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-17 to have a material effect on our financial position












 the FASB issued ASU 2014-16
 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815).&#8221; ASU 2014-16 addresses whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share should be accounted for as debt or equity. ASU 2014-16 is effective for annual periods and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015. We do not currently have issued
 nor are we investors in
 hybrid financial instruments. Accordingly
 we do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-16 to have any effect on our financial position





 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). ASU 2014-15 provides guidance related to management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosure. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and for interim and annual periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material effect on our financial position




In June 2014
No. 2014-12
.&#8221; This ASU requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. ASU 2014-12 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-12 to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.



In May 2014

 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&#8221; ASU 2014-09 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.

 2016
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. We are still evaluating the effect of the adoption of ASU 2014-09.




 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
 Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360) and Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ASU 2014-08 amends the definition for what types of asset disposals are to be considered discontinued operations
 as well as amending the required disclosures for discontinued operations and assets held for sale. ASU 2014-08 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-08 to have a material effect on our financial position





 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
 &#8220;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&#8221; ASU 2013-11 amends the guidance related to the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits and allows for the reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforward whenever the NOL or tax credit carryforward would be available to reduce the additional taxable income or tax due if the tax position is disallowed. ASU 2013-11 is effective for annual and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013. The adoption of ASU 2013-11 in January 2014 did not have any effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.
























































































































































































































































































































































 Property













































































































































































































































 2014 and 2013 and there were no changes to the goodwill balance during 2014





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 due September 30
























 due October 31



















 all due July 1



































 due November 15






































































































































































































































































































































































































































 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with Bank of America
 N.A.
 which presently comprises a $22.0 million revolving line of credit (&#8220;Line of Credit&#8221;)
 including provisions for cash borrowings and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
 and a $10.4 million term loan (&#8220;Term Loan&#8221;). We may draw upon the Line of Credit for working capital and general corporate purposes until expiration on October 31
 2018. The maturity date of the Term Loan is September 30
 2023. At December 31
 2014




 interest accrues at an annual rate based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&#8220;LIBOR&#8221;) Daily Floating Rate plus a marginal rate. The marginal rate varies from 1.00% to 2.25% based on our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2014
 our marginal rate was 1.00%




 2013
 we paid down the Term Loan by $0.6 million in order to bring the outstanding principal balance to $10.8 million to achieve an 80% loan to value ratio on certain property securing the Loan Agreement. Accrued interest for the Term Loan is due and payable monthly. Principal payments are due monthly in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement
 with any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest due and payable on September 30




 2013 amendment also provided for the approval of acquisitions within the same line of business as long as we remain in compliance with the financial covenants of the Loan Agreement and there is at least $5.0 million of availability remaining on the Line of Credit following the acquisition. In addition
 the amendment released our Woodinville
 Washington property as collateral and
 accordingly




 a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2014















































































 we are restricted in our ability to declare or pay dividends
 repurchase outstanding common stock





 Oregon brewery. These notes were separately executed with three individuals
 but with substantially the same terms and conditions. Each promissory note is secured by a deed of trust on the commercial real estate. The outstanding note balance to each lender as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $200
000
 with each note bearing a fixed interest rate of 24% per annum through June 30
 2010
 after which time the rate increased to 26.9% per annum as a result of a one-time adjustment reflecting the change in the consumer price index from the date of issue
 July 1
 2005
 to July 1
 2010. The promissory notes are carried at the total of stated value plus a premium reflecting the difference between our incremental borrowing rate and the stated note rate. The effective interest rate for each note is 6.31%. Each note matures on the earlier of the individual lender&#8217;s death or July 1
 2015





 we assumed an obligation for a promissory note payable (&#8220;Related Party Note&#8221;) to a counterparty that was a significant KBC shareholder and remains a shareholder of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. The Related Party Note was secured by the equipment comprising a photovoltaic cell generation system (&#8220;photovoltaic system&#8221;) installed at our brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. Accrued interest on the Related Party Note was due and payable monthly at a fixed interest rate of 4.75%
 with monthly loan payments of $16
129. Any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under the Related Party Note was due and payable on November 15
 2014. As of December 31
 2014















 transfer and
 when possible




 including interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 effective January 23
 2014
 we entered into an interest rate swap contract with Bank of America
 N.A. (&#8220;BofA&#8221;) for 75% of the Term Loan balance
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings under our Term Loan with BofA. On July 1
 2013 our previous swap contract terminated. The current swap contract terminates on September 29
 2023
 and had a total notional value of $7.8 million as of December 31
 2014. Through this swap agreement
 we pay interest at a fixed rate of 2.86% and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
 which was 0.16% at December 31
 2014. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 it qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. As of December 31
 2014
 unrealized net losses of $503
000 were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a result of this hedge. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reclassified into Interest expense in the same period during which we record Interest expense associated with the Term Loan. There was no hedge ineffectiveness during 2014



































































































































































































































 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates






































































































































































 The fair value of our interest rate swap was based on quarterly statements from the issuing bank. There were no changes to our valuation techniques during 2014
 2013 or 2012



 Accounts receivable
 Other current assets
 Accounts payable
 Accrued salaries



















































































rate debt using a discounted cash flow methodology. Using estimated current interest rates based on a similar risk profile and duration (Level 2)


































































































































































































































































































































































































 we do not allocate assets by segment and
 therefore




 certain expenses were allocated between the segments based on management estimates
 while others were based on specific factors such as headcount. These factors can have a significant impact on the amount of gross profit for each segment. While we believe we have applied a reasonable methodology
























































































































 or have been
 granted to employees and non-employee directors. We issue new shares of common stock upon exercise or settlement of the stock-based awards. All of our stock plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 which determines the grantees
 the number of shares of common stock for which awards may be exercised or settled and the exercise or grant prices of such shares




 no further grants of stock-based awards may be made under our 2002 Stock Option Plan (the &#8220;2002 Plan&#8221;)
 our 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2007 Plan&#8221;) or our 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2010 Plan&#8221;). However
 the provisions of these plans will remain in effect until all outstanding awards are exercised
 settled or terminated. Shares subject to terminated awards under the 2002 Plan





 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance awards and stock appreciation rights
 as well as other stock-based awards. While incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
 awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees
 non-employee directors and outside consultants. Options granted to our employees have generally been subject to a five-year vesting period. Vested options generally remain exercisable until ten years following the date of grant. The exercise price of stock options must be at least equal to the fair market value per share of our common stock on the date of grant. A maximum of 1
000
000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan. As of December 31
 2014
 there were 988












































































































































































































































 which is the requisite service period




 2014
 we had total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of $1.7 million












































































































































































































































































































































































248

































 2013
 2012 and 2011
 we granted performance-based common stock awards to selected executives under the 2010 Plan
 with vesting contingent upon meeting various company-wide performance goals. The performance goals were tied to target amounts of adjusted EBITDA and Net sales for each of the three-year periods ending December 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively; for the awards in 2014
 the measurement period is the 11 quarters ending December 31
 2016. The awards earned on the 2014
 2013 and 2012 grants will range from zero to 125% of the targeted number of performance shares for the performance periods ending March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. For the 2011 grant
 50% of the targeted number of performance shares were earned for the performance period ended March 31
 2014. Awards
 if earned












































































































































































































































































































 each non-employee director received an annual grant of fully-vested shares of our common stock with a fair value of $30
000 in 2014 and $25
000 in each of 2013 and 2012. The 2014 amount included 2
804 fully-vested shares of common stock granted to each of our seven non-employee directors for a total of 19












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 2014



































 we consider future taxable income expected to be generated by the projected differences between financial statement depreciation and tax depreciation
 cumulative earnings generated to date and other evidence available to us. Based upon this consideration
 we assessed that all of our deferred taxes are more likely than not to be realized
 and
 as such
 we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of December 31






















 limited by IRS regulations. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we matched 50% of the employee&#8217;s contributions up to 6% of eligible compensation. Eligibility for the matching contribution in all years began after the participant had worked a minimum of three months. Our matching contributions to the plan vest ratably over five years of service by the employee. During 2014
 we used approximately $165
000 of previously forfeited matching contributions to fund current matching contributions


















































































 restaurant and production facilities
 warehouse and storage space
 land and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2047. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require us to pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property. Under the terms of the land lease for our New Hampshire Brewery


































































































 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases
 gross



































































 the lease agreement was amended to extend the lease through 2025
 with an option to cancel in 2020 with 180 days&#8217; written notice and a fee of $150
000. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income
































































































































































 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies

























































 with an extension at our option for two 10-year periods
 while the lease for the other facilities
 land and equipment expires in 2017 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. We hold a right to purchase the headquarters office space and restaurant facility at the greater of $2.0 million or the fair market value of the property as determined by a contractually established appraisal method. The right to purchase is not valid in the final year of the lease term or in each of the final years of the renewal terms




 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020





























































 we have entered into purchase commitments and commodity contracts to ensure we have the necessary supply of malt and hops to meet future production requirements. Certain of the malt and hop commitments are for crop years through 2019. We believe that malt and hop commitments in excess of future requirements
 if any
 will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may take delivery of the commodities in excess of our requirements or make payments against the purchase commitments earlier than contractually obligated




 we have executed agreements with selected vendors to source our requirements for specific malt and hop varieties for the years ending December 31
 2015
 2016
 2017
 2018 and 2019; however
 either the quantity to be delivered or the full price for the commodity has not been established at the present time. To the extent the commitment is not measurable or has not been fixed




 in exchange for our sponsorship consideration
 we post signage and provide other promotional materials at the site or the event. The terms of these sponsorship commitments expire at various dates through May 31

















































































































































































































































 2014 and 2013
 A-B owned approximately 31.7% and 32.0%
 respectively





 we modified two agreements with A-B originally executed in 2004: the Master Distributor Agreement (as amended and restated
 the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;)
 which was amended primarily to lower our margin fees (&#8220;Margin Fees&#8221;) to be paid to A&#8209;B; and the Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement (as amended and restated




 except for beer sold in qualifying territories
 as defined
 from May 1
 2011 (the &#8220;Commencement Date&#8221;) until December 31
 2018
 to $0.25 per case equivalent from $0.74 per case equivalent. Beer sold through A-B or the associated A-B distribution network in qualifying territories
 as defined
 was exempt from Margin Fees until September 30
 2013
 and thereafter are assessed Margin Fees at the $0.25 per case equivalent through December 31
 2018. The exemption from Margin Fees for beer sold in the qualifying territories was subject to certain conditions
 including incurring sales and marketing expenses in the qualifying territories at or above specified amounts. In the event the A-B Distributor Agreement is renewed beyond December 31
 2018
 the A-B Distributor Agreement sets Margin Fees to be paid to A&#8209;B for the period beginning January 1
 2019 and ending December 31
 2028












































































































 classified in Sales





















































 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B



























 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



































 accordingly







 2012
 in the best interest of both parties
 we mutually agreed with FSB to end our contract brewing arrangement. Under the termination agreement
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers through November 2012 utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB paid us $70
000 per month through September 2013
 all of which was recognized as Sales on September 1
 2012



























































































































































Our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based upon that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
 disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 as appropriate

 it does not mean absolute assurance. Disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all errors
 misstatements or fraud. In addition
 the design of a control system must recognize that there are resource constraints





 no changes in our internal control over financial reporting were identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect









 issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
 management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31




 an independent registered public accounting firm
 has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014
 as stated in their report




















 Inc.&#8217;s (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting




 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists




 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use




 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions




 Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014
 based on criteria established in 



 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
balance sheets of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2014
 and our report dated March 4



































Directors






 2015 (the &#8220;2015 Proxy Statement&#8221;) under the captions &#8220;Board of Directors &#8211; Nominees for Director
&#8221; &#8220;Board of Directors &#8211; Committees of the Board &#8211; Audit Committee
&#8221; &#8220;Executive Officers
&#8221; and &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance





 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer and directors. The Code and the charters of each of the Board committees are posted on our website at www.craftbrew.com (select Investor Relations &#8212; Governance &#8212; Highlights). Copies of these documents are available to any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be directed to Investor Relations
 Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 929 N. Russell Street
 Portland













&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis
&#8221; &#8220;Executive Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Employment Agreements and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control












The following is a summary as of December 31






















































































































































742 performance shares that may vest between March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2017





















Certain Relationships and Related Transactions































































 2014










 2014










 2014










 2014






































 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 in Portland
 Oregon
 on March 4









































 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated
 on March 4





























































































































































































































































































 dated January 2
 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31










 dated December 1
 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 filed on April 1














































































 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31










 dated October 31
 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5










 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30










 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30










 dated November 20
 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21










 dated November 20
 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21










 2010 between the Registrant and Mattson Davis (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6










 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30










 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30










 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30



















































 dated May 30
 1995 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1










 2008 between Registrant and Bank of America

 2008)









 2008 to Loan Agreement dated July 1
 2008 between Registrant and Bank of America

 2008)









 2010 to the Loan Agreement dated July 1
 2008 between the Registrant and Bank of America

 2010)









 2010 to the Loan Agreement dated July 1
 2008 between the Registrant and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6










 2013 to the Loan Agreement dated July 1
 2008 between the Registrant and Bank of America
 N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19










 2011 between the Registrant and A-B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4










 2011 between the Registrant and A-B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4










 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9










 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31










 2004 between the Registrant and A&#8209;B (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2










 2007 between Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital
 LLC and Widmer Brothers Brewing Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4
 No. 333-149908 filed on May 2










 1997 between Widmer Brothers Brewing Company and Widmer&#8217;s Wine Cellars
 Inc. and Canandaigua Wine Company









Restated Lease dated as of January 1





















 2010 between Manini Holdings
 LLC and Kona Brewing Co.
 Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31










 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30










 2011 between Manini Holdings
 LLC and Kona Brewing Co.
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant&#8217;s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 filed on April 22

































 2010 filed on April 1


















































 2014 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350




















 2012 filed on March 12









































































 including the redacted terms


























    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 3.2.1.0













 2015










000




000
 while each other member of the Audit Committee is entitled to receive $4
000. The Chairs of each of the Nominating and Governance
 Compensation
 and Strategic Planning Committees are entitled to receive an additional cash retainer of $10
000
 while all other committee members are entitled to receive a payment of $2




















    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 3.2.1.0














 executive officers of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (the Company)









 including
 among others
 achieving specified target levels of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&#8220;EBITDA&#8221;)
 sales revenues
 either for the Company as a whole or for certain key regions or brands
 market share
 depletion growth
 and similar measures. For 2015




 the adjustment is calculated as the product of a defined factor (2.5% for 2015) and the percentage by which the actual achievement of a given financial metric is above or below the target level. If the Company fails to achieve a specified financial target at the 80 percent level or above





 strategic





 if any
 is made promptly following the Committee's determination. An executive will not be entitled to receive a bonus if he or she does not remain employed by the Company through the date of the Committee's determination





















    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 3.2.1.0













 333-143158
 333-171372 and 333-197251) of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) of our reports dated March 4
 2015
 relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company
 and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company
 appearing in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31





























    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 3.2.1.0











 with full power of substitution
 to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014
 of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc.
 a Washington corporation
 and any amendments thereto
 and to file said report and amendments
 with all exhibits thereto
 in such form as they or either of them may approve with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934



 day of March











































































































































































































    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 3.2.1.0












 Andrew J. Thomas



















 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made











 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for

























 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
















 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
































 or is reasonably likely to materially affect












 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting















 process
















 whether or not material






















































    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 3.2.1.0












 Joseph K. O&#8217;Brien



















 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made











 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for






















 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities












 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
























 or is reasonably likely to materially affect











 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting












 process












 whether or not material






Date: March 4
 2015














































    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 3.2.1.0
















 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 4
 2015 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 Andrew J. Thomas
 the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant
 and Joseph K. O&#8217;Brien
 the Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant
 each hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that





















 in all material respects































































































    Document created using Disclosure Solutions PROFILE 3.2.1.0




















 Shipments



Portland
 Ore. (March 5
 2015) &#8211; 
 (Nasdaq: BREW)
 a leading craft brewing company
 today announced final financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31
 2014
preliminary results released February 5
. The Company also reconfirmed previously reported guidance for 2015




















 compared to 4% in 2013










 Widmer Brothers shipments grew 6%










 compared to 11% in 2013










 compared to 28.1% in 2013



















 general and administrative expense (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) grew by $6.5 million to $53.0 million
 due to Kona television advertising
 as well as higher-than-average costs related to employee benefits. At 26% of net sales



















 compared to $9.9 million in 2013
 and primarily represent investments related to capacity
 efficiency
 and quality improvements













 respectively
&#160;over the fourth quarter in 2013
 attributable to strong sales execution
 as well as continued support from our national partners



















 Kona shipments grew 9%; Widmer Brothers shipments grew 6%






























 an increase of 20% over the same period in 2013
















 which are testament to the tremendous resolve and focus demonstrated by the CBA team
&#8221; said Andy Thomas
 chief executive officer
 CBA. &#8220;At the beginning of the year
 we committed to driving continued and sustainable topline growth while reducing our SKUs by 25 percent
 to expanding gross margin
 and to bringing Memphis online by summer. Given that we accomplished each of these major priorities in an increasingly competitive market and during the first full year with the new executive leadership team in place















































 primarily reflecting reinvestment into our sales and marketing infrastructure










 as we continue to make investments in quality
 safety
 sustainability
















 each with distinctive and authentic stories that are rooted in real people and real places










 we will build on our brands&#8217; success and strength in their home markets



















 and we are excited to be completing our expansion into all 50 U.S. states
 as well as increasing our investment in our home market of Hawaii through the Makana Series
 an exclusive small-batch series inspired by the four elements
 earth
 fire
 water and wind. In Hawaiian
 &#8220;makana&#8221; means &#8220;to give









 anniversary
 one of the most ambitious craft brewing initiatives in the industry
 which includes the release of 30 Beers for 30 Years and a collaboration series with six Oregon craft breweries. Additionally
 we will be&#160;expanding on the success of The Original American Hefeweizen
 which remains Oregon&#8217;s #1 craft beer










 most recently highlighted by the launch of the Redhook ESB Beer Battered Fish Sandwich at Carl&#8217;s Jr. and Hardees nationwide. The partnership includes a $3.5 million Carl&#8217;s Jr. /Hardees-led promotional investment around Redhook ESB
 which will debut a retro campaign in celebration of its 30









 becoming the #1 beer in the gluten free beer category within just three years
 we look forward to putting an increased focus and investment behind targeting the active
 healthy lifestyle consumer in 2015.&#160;Priority initiatives include promoting the innovative category leader at major events such as Ironman 70.3










 our beer brand in partnership with theCHIVE
 as well as Square Mile Cider Company
































 unlocking additional procurement savings
 and reducing losses in our brewing operations
 while maintaining our commitment to setting the standards in quality










 warehouse optimization































 hopes
 beliefs
 expectations or predictions of the future
 including shipments and sales growth
 price increases
 level of contract brewing revenue and gross margin rate improvement
 the level or effect of SG&amp;A expense and business development
 the amount of capital spending
 and the benefits or improvements to be realized from strategic initiatives and capital projects
 are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the Company&#8217;s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the Company&#8217;s SEC filings
 including
 but not limited to
 the Company&#8217;s report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014. Copies of these documents may be found on the Company&#8217;s website
 www.craftbrew.com











 is a leading craft brewing company
 which brews




 Washington&#8217;s largest craft brewery founded in 1981; Widmer Brothers Brewing
 Oregon&#8217;s largest craft brewery founded in 1984; and Kona Brewing Company
 Hawaii&#8217;s oldest and largest craft brewery founded in 1994. As part of Craft Brew Alliance




 Craft Brew Alliance is committed to developing innovative new category leaders
 such as Omission Beer
 which is the #1 beer in the gluten free beer segment
 and Square Mile Cider




 Craft Brew Alliance is headquartered in Portland
 and its brands
 please visit 






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 equipment and leasehold improvements














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Taxes
 Depreciation and Amortization (&#8220;Adjusted EBITDA&#8221;) in these tables to provide investors with additional information to evaluate our operating performance on an ongoing basis using criteria that are used by the Company&#8217;s management.&#160;The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net earnings (loss) before interest
 income taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 stock compensation and other non-cash charges
 including net gain or loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment.&#160;The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA
 among other measures
 to evaluate operating performance
 to plan and forecast future periods&#8217; operating performance




 this measure should not be considered in isolation of
 or as a substitute for
 net income (loss) as an indicator of operating performance
 or net cash provided by operating activities as an indicator of liquidity.&#160;The use of Adjusted EBITDA instead of net income (loss) has limitations as an analytical tool
 including the inability to determine profitability; the exclusion of interest expense and associated cash requirements
 given the level of the Company&#8217;s indebtedness; and the exclusion of depreciation and amortization which represent significant and unavoidable operating costs
 given the capital expenditures needed to maintain the Company&#8217;s operations. We compensate for these limitations by relying on GAAP results. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies. As Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain financial information compared with net income (loss) and net cash provided by operating activities
 the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures

























      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  




  


  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

  

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

  

  

  

  

  


 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $15.0 million
 $12.4 million and $12.4 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advertising expenses frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling


  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  

  

  


 2014
 there were no cash equivalents. Cash equivalents totaled $2.7 million at December 31
 2013.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Under our cash management system
 we utilize a controlled disbursement account to fund cash distribution checks presented for payment by the holder. Checks issued but not yet presented to banks may result in overdraft balances for accounting purposes. As of December 31
 2014
 there were no bank overdrafts. As of December 31
 2013



  


  


  


  


  


  


  

  


 restaurant and production facilities
 warehouse and storage space
 land and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2047. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require us to pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property. Under the terms of the land lease for our New Hampshire Brewery
 we hold a first right of refusal to purchase the property should the lessor decide to sell the property.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31







879&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Rent expense under all operating leases
 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases
 gross




665&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We sub-lease corporate office space to an unrelated party pursuant to a 5-year lease that began in February 2011. The lessee also leased this space pursuant to a previous lease agreement in 2010 and 2009. In December 2014
 the lease agreement was amended to extend the lease through 2025
 with an option to cancel in 2020 with 180 days&amp;#8217; written notice and a fee of $150
000. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income





 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies


 with an extension at our option for two 10-year periods
 while the lease for the other facilities
 land and equipment expires in 2017 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. We hold a right to purchase the headquarters office space and restaurant facility at the greater of $2.0 million or the fair market value of the property as determined by a contractually established appraisal method. The right to purchase is not valid in the final year of the lease term or in each of the final years of the renewal terms
 as applicable. All lease terms are considered to be arm&amp;#8217;s-length transactions.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020


 we have entered into purchase commitments and commodity contracts to ensure we have the necessary supply of malt and hops to meet future production requirements. Certain of the malt and hop commitments are for crop years through 2019. We believe that malt and hop commitments in excess of future requirements
 if any
 will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may take delivery of the commodities in excess of our requirements or make payments against the purchase commitments earlier than contractually obligated
 which means our cash outlays in any particular year may exceed or be less than the commitment amount disclosed.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In certain cases
 we have executed agreements with selected vendors to source our requirements for specific malt and hop varieties for the years ending December 31
 2015
 2016
 2017
 2018 and 2019; however
 either the quantity to be delivered or the full price for the commodity has not been established at the present time. To the extent the commitment is not measurable or has not been fixed
 that portion of the commitment has been excluded from the table below.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We have entered into multi-year sponsorship and promotional commitments with certain professional sports teams and entertainment companies. Generally
 in exchange for our sponsorship consideration
 we post signage and provide other promotional materials at the site or the event. The terms of these sponsorship commitments expire at various dates through May 31
 2018.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Aggregate future payments under purchase and sponsorship commitments as of December 31























  


  

 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 19
115
396 and 18
972

  

 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 19
115
396 and 18
972

  


  


  


  


  

 Shares

  

 Shares

  

 Shares

  

 Shares

  

 Shares

  

 Shares

  


 limited by IRS regulations. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we matched 50% of the employee&amp;#8217;s contributions up to 6% of eligible compensation. Eligibility for the matching contribution in all years began after the participant had worked a minimum of three months. Our matching contributions to the plan vest ratably over five years of service by the employee. During 2014
 we used approximately $165
000 of previously forfeited matching contributions to fund current matching contributions




 net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate forfeitures of stock-based awards based on historical experience and expected future activity.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence


 Net of Tax

  

 Net of Tax

  

 Net of Tax

  

  


 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers



  


  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  



 due September 30


800&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 66%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -7.2pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin-left: 7.2pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Line of credit
 due October 31
 2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3

 all due July 1

 due November 15

877&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11



050&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Required principal payments on outstanding debt obligations as of December 31



421&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3



 the &amp;#8220;Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Bank of America
 N.A.
 which presently comprises a $22.0 million revolving line of credit (&amp;#8220;Line of Credit&amp;#8221;)
 including provisions for cash borrowings and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
 and a $10.4 million term loan (&amp;#8220;Term Loan&amp;#8221;). We may draw upon the Line of Credit for working capital and general corporate purposes until expiration on October 31
 2018. The maturity date of the Term Loan is September 30
 2023. At December 31
 2014
 we had $3.0 million outstanding under the Line of Credit.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Under the Loan Agreement
 interest accrues at an annual rate based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&amp;#8220;LIBOR&amp;#8221;) Daily Floating Rate plus a marginal rate. The marginal rate varies from 1.00% to 2.25% based on our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2014
 our marginal rate was 1.00%
 resulting in an annual interest rate of 1.16%. Accrued interest for the Line of Credit and the Term Loan is due and payable monthly.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In connection with an amendment to the Loan Agreement on November 15
 2013
 we paid down the Term Loan by $0.6 million in order to bring the outstanding principal balance to $10.8 million to achieve an 80% loan to value ratio on certain property securing the Loan Agreement. Accrued interest for the Term Loan is due and payable monthly. Principal payments are due monthly in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement
 with any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest due and payable on September 30
 2023.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The November 15
 2013 amendment also provided for the approval of acquisitions within the same line of business as long as we remain in compliance with the financial covenants of the Loan Agreement and there is at least $5.0 million of availability remaining on the Line of Credit following the acquisition. In addition
 the amendment released our Woodinville
 Washington property as collateral and
 accordingly
 only our Oregon brewery is collateral on the Term Loan.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Under the Loan Agreement
 a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2014


 2013 or 2012.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We were in compliance with all applicable contractual financial covenants of the Loan Agreement at December 31

 we are restricted in our ability to declare or pay dividends
 repurchase outstanding common stock

 Oregon brewery. These notes were separately executed with three individuals
 but with substantially the same terms and conditions. Each promissory note is secured by a deed of trust on the commercial real estate. The outstanding note balance to each lender as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $200
000
 with each note bearing a fixed interest rate of 24% per annum through June 30
 2010
 after which time the rate increased to 26.9% per annum as a result of a one-time adjustment reflecting the change in the consumer price index from the date of issue
 July 1
 2005
 to July 1
 2010. The promissory notes are carried at the total of stated value plus a premium reflecting the difference between our incremental borrowing rate and the stated note rate. The effective interest rate for each note is 6.31%. Each note matures on the earlier of the individual lender&amp;#8217;s death or July 1
 2015

 we assumed an obligation for a promissory note payable (&amp;#8220;Related Party Note&amp;#8221;) to a counterparty that was a significant KBC shareholder and remains a shareholder of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. The Related Party Note was secured by the equipment comprising a photovoltaic cell generation system (&amp;#8220;photovoltaic system&amp;#8221;) installed at our brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. Accrued interest on the Related Party Note was due and payable monthly at a fixed interest rate of 4.75%
 with monthly loan payments of $16
129. Any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under the Related Party Note was due and payable on November 15
 2014. As of December 31
 2014


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 Interest Rate

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  









  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

  

  


  


  


  


  

 Property

  

 Property

  


  


  

 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee

  

 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee

  

 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 transfer and
 when possible
 eliminate such exposures. Operating decisions contemplate associated risks and management strives to structure proposed transactions to avoid or reduce risk whenever possible.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We have assessed our vulnerability to certain business and financial risks
 including interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 effective January 23
 2014
 we entered into an interest rate swap contract with Bank of America
 N.A. (&amp;#8220;BofA&amp;#8221;) for 75% of the Term Loan balance
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings under our Term Loan with BofA. On July 1
 2013 our previous swap contract terminated. The current swap contract terminates on September 29
 2023
 and had a total notional value of $7.8 million as of December 31
 2014. Through this swap agreement
 we pay interest at a fixed rate of 2.86% and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
 which was 0.16% at December 31
 2014. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 it qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. As of December 31
 2014
 unrealized net losses of $503
000 were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a result of this hedge. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reclassified into Interest expense in the same period during which we record Interest expense associated with the Term Loan. There was no hedge ineffectiveness during 2014





 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2015-1
 &amp;#8220;Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.&amp;#8221; This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. ASU 2015-1 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-1 to have a material effect on our financial position

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-17
 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Pushdown Accounting.&amp;#8221; This ASU provides an acquired entity with an option to apply pushdown accounting in its separate financial statements upon occurrence of an event in which an acquirer obtains control of the acquired entity. An acquired entity may elect the option to apply pushdown accounting in the reporting period in which the change-in-control event occurs. If pushdown accounting is applied to an individual change-in-control event
 that election is irrevocable. ASU 2014-17 was effective on November 18
 2014. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-17 to have a material effect on our financial position

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-16
 &amp;#8220;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815).&amp;#8221; ASU 2014-16 addresses whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share should be accounted for as debt or equity. ASU 2014-16 is effective for annual periods and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015. We do not currently have issued
 nor are we investors in
 hybrid financial instruments. Accordingly
 we do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-16 to have any effect on our financial position

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). ASU 2014-15 provides guidance related to management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosure. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and for interim and annual periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material effect on our financial position

 the FASB &lt;/font&gt;issued &lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ASU &lt;/font&gt;No. 2014-12

 2015
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-12 to have a material effect on our financial position

 t&lt;/font&gt;he FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&amp;#8221; ASU 2014-09 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts).&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
 Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360) and Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ASU 2014-08 amends the definition for what types of asset disposals are to be considered discontinued operations
 as well as amending the required disclosures for discontinued operations and assets held for sale. ASU 2014-08 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-08 to have a material effect on our financial position

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
 &amp;#8220;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&amp;#8221; ASU 2013-11 amends the guidance related to the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits and allows for the reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss (&amp;#8220;NOL&amp;#8221;) carryforward whenever the NOL or tax credit carryforward would be available to reduce the additional taxable income or tax due if the tax position is disallowed. ASU 2013-11 is effective for annual and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013. The adoption of ASU 2013-11 in January 2014 did not have any effect on our financial position




 or have been
 granted to employees and non-employee directors. We issue new shares of common stock upon exercise or settlement of the stock-based awards. All of our stock plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 which determines the grantees
 the number of shares of common stock for which awards may be exercised or settled and the exercise or grant prices of such shares
 among other terms and conditions of stock-based awards under our stock-based plans.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;With the approval of the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2014 Plan&amp;#8221;) in May 2014
 no further grants of stock-based awards may be made under our 2002 Stock Option Plan (the &amp;#8220;2002 Plan&amp;#8221;)
 our 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2007 Plan&amp;#8221;) or our 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2010 Plan&amp;#8221;). However
 the provisions of these plans will remain in effect until all outstanding awards are exercised
 settled or terminated. Shares subject to terminated awards under the 2002 Plan

 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance awards and stock appreciation rights
 as well as other stock-based awards. While incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
 awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees
 non-employee directors and outside consultants. Options granted to our employees have generally been subject to a five-year vesting period. Vested options generally remain exercisable until ten years following the date of grant. The exercise price of stock options must be at least equal to the fair market value per share of our common stock on the date of grant. A maximum of 1
000
000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan. As of December 31
 2014
 there were 988
347 shares available for future awards pursuant to the 2014 Plan.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Terms of awards granted pursuant to the 2002 Plan






 which is the requisite service period
 with estimated forfeitures considered.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;At December 31
 2014
 we had total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of $1.7 million



 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;298




 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;305


031&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;53

248


 2013
 2012 and 2011
 we granted performance-based common stock awards to selected executives under the 2010 Plan
 with vesting contingent upon meeting various company-wide performance goals. The performance goals were tied to target amounts of adjusted EBITDA and Net sales for each of the three-year periods ending December 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively; for the awards in 2014
 the measurement period is the 11 quarters ending December 31
 2016. The awards earned on the 2014
 2013 and 2012 grants will range from zero to 125% of the targeted number of performance shares for the performance periods ending March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. For the 2011 grant
 50% of the targeted number of performance shares were earned for the performance period ended March 31
 2014. Awards
 if earned

443&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;50
347&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;42
450&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;57
145&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;227










 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;64
882&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;33
348&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;19


 each non-employee director received an annual grant of fully-vested shares of our common stock with a fair value of $30
000 in 2014 and $25
000 in each of 2013 and 2012. The 2014 amount included 2
804 fully-vested shares of common stock granted to each of our seven non-employee directors for a total of 19


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



038&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
923&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18

126&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;19
042&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18



  


  


  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates





650&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We did not have any financial liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31


 Accounts receivable
 Other current assets
 Accounts payable
 Accrued salaries


















  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

 Amortization Expense

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

 Amortization Expense

  

 Amortization Expense

  

 Amortization Expense

  

 Amortization Expense

  

  

  

  


  

  

  

 Goodwill


 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 we then perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. Under the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 and
 if an indication of goodwill impairment exists in the reporting unit
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. Under step two
 an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill as determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value



 2014 and 2013 and there were no changes to the goodwill balance during 2014




200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2

247&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1

484&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16








 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired



  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 Extraordinary Items

  

 Extraordinary Items

  

 Extraordinary Items

  

  

  

  













522&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 54%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -7.2pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin-left: 7.2pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;State taxes








667&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2

 equipment and leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(13








 2014


 we consider future taxable income expected to be generated by the projected differences between financial statement depreciation and tax depreciation
 cumulative earnings generated to date and other evidence available to us. Based upon this consideration
 we assessed that all of our deferred taxes are more likely than not to be realized
 and
 as such
 we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of December 31
 2014 or 2013.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31
 2014 or 2013 and we do not anticipate significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Our major tax jurisdictions include U.S. federal and various U.S. states. Tax years that remain open for examination by the IRS include the years from 2011 through 2014. Tax years remaining open in states where we have a significant presence range from 2010 to 2014. In addition



  


  


  

 Tax Credit

  

 Tax Credit

  

 Tax Credit

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  


 in the opinion of management

 2014 and 2013


  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2014


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  



 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
 beverages and supplies are stated at the lower of cost or market.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&amp;#8217;s carrying value


  

  

  

  





781&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3

986&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5

531&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
539&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 56%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pub food




  

  

  

  

  


 including attorney fees
 and potential settlement claims related to various legal proceedings that are estimable and probable. If not estimable and probable
 legal costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Selling



  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

  

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  

 Maturities

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


 Inc. was formed in 1981 to brew and sell craft beer. We produce
 sell and market on a national basis innovative packaged and draft products for the Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Omission and Square Mile brands at our six company-owned breweries and operate five pubs that promote our products
 offer dining and entertainment facilities and sell retail merchandise. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol &amp;#8220;BREW.&amp;#8221;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Our products are distributed domestically in all 50 states. This national footprint was established primarily through a series of distribution agreements with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&amp;#8220;A-B&amp;#8221;)
 a significant shareholder. In 2004
 we and A&amp;#8209;B entered into three agreements
 an exchange and recapitalization agreement (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Exchange Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 a master distributor agreement (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&amp;#8221;) and a registration rights agreement that collectively constitute the framework of our existing relationship with A-B.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Under the present terms of the A&amp;#8209;B Distributor Agreement
 we distribute our products in substantially all of our markets through A&amp;#8209;B&amp;#8217;s seamless national wholesale distributor network. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. A-B&amp;#8217;s domestic wholesaler network consists primarily of independent wholesalers
 together with branches owned by A-B. The A-B Distributor Agreement is subject to early termination by either party upon the occurrence of certain events. The A&amp;#8209;B Distributor Agreement expires December 31
 2018
 but may be renewed automatically for an additional ten-year period unless A&amp;#8209;B provides written notice to the contrary on or before June 30



  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

 Future Minimum Payments

  

 Future Minimum Payments

  


  

  

  

  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  

 Future Minimum Payments

  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  

 Future Minimum Payments

  

  

  

  

  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  

 Future Minimum Payments

  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  

 Future Minimum Payments Due

  


  


  

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

  










  


  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period

  

 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period

  

 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period

  


  


  


  

  

  


  


  

  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  

  

  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  



 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization of property



  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 Plant and Equipment

  

 equipment and leasehold improvements

  

 equipment and leasehold improvements

  







254&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;55

621&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7
617&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 56%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;12
501&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;9

058&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6

528&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
052&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 56%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;188
292&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;175








 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Property




254&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;55

621&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;7
617&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 56%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;12
501&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;9

058&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6

528&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
052&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 56%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;188
292&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;175






  


 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31




 see Notes 8 and 16.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 A-B owned approximately 31.7% and 32.0%
 respectively

 we modified two agreements with A-B originally executed in 2004: the Master Distributor Agreement (as amended and restated
 the &amp;#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 which was amended primarily to lower our margin fees (&amp;#8220;Margin Fees&amp;#8221;) to be paid to A&amp;#8209;B; and the Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement (as amended and restated
 the &amp;#8220;Exchange Agreement&amp;#8221;).&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The modifications to the A-B Distributor Agreement reduced the Margin Fees to be paid to A&amp;#8209;B for beer sold through A-B or the associated A&amp;#8209;B distribution network
 except for beer sold in qualifying territories
 as defined
 from May 1
 2011 (the &amp;#8220;Commencement Date&amp;#8221;) until December 31
 2018
 to $0.25 per case equivalent from $0.74 per case equivalent. Beer sold through A-B or the associated A-B distribution network in qualifying territories
 as defined
 was exempt from Margin Fees until September 30
 2013
 and thereafter are assessed Margin Fees at the $0.25 per case equivalent through December 31
 2018. The exemption from Margin Fees for beer sold in the qualifying territories was subject to certain conditions
 including incurring sales and marketing expenses in the qualifying territories at or above specified amounts. In the event the A-B Distributor Agreement is renewed beyond December 31
 2018
 the A-B Distributor Agreement sets Margin Fees to be paid to A&amp;#8209;B for the period beginning January 1
 2019 and ending December 31
 2028
 at $0.75 per case equivalent. The A-B Distributor Agreement no longer provides for the incremental fees that were previously paid to A-B for shipments above the volume of shipments during 2003.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;If we purchase additional beer brands




492&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 64%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -7.2pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin-left: 7.2pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Margin fee paid to A-B
 classified as a reduction of Sales&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
644&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
009&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
864&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 64%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -7.2pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin-left: 7.2pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sales to FSB through a contract brewing arrangement


 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B

 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

 accordingly
 transactions with FSB are considered to be related-party transactions in all periods.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Effective September 1
 2012
 in the best interest of both parties
 we mutually agreed with FSB to end our contract brewing arrangement. Under the termination agreement
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers through November 2012 utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB paid us $70
000 per month through September 2013
 all of which was recognized as Sales on September 1
 2012


846&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8









  


  

 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B

  

 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B

  

 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B

  


  


  


  

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

  

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

  

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  

  

  


 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network


  

  

  


  

  

  

  


  

 Options
 Outstanding

  




  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  



 2013&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;298




 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;305


 Options
 Grants in Period








 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases
 gross





















 due September 30


800&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 66%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -7.2pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin-left: 7.2pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Line of credit
 due October 31
 2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3

 all due July 1

 due November 15

877&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11









421&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3











522&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 54%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: -7.2pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; margin-left: 7.2pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;State taxes










667&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2

 equipment and leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(13











031&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;53

248











879&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31







846&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8









443&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;50
347&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;42
450&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;57
145&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: medium none; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;227










 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;64
882&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;33
348&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; border-right: medium none;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left: medium none; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;19








781&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3

986&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5

531&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
539&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 56%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pub food






038&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18
923&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18

126&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;19
042&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 4px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom: #000000 4px double; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;18






































  

  


 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and Omission beer brands and Square Mile cider brand. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs






















 we do not allocate assets by segment and
 therefore
 no asset by segment information is provided to our chief operating decision maker.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In preparing this financial information
 certain expenses were allocated between the segments based on management estimates
 while others were based on specific factors such as headcount. These factors can have a significant impact on the amount of gross profit for each segment. While we believe we have applied a reasonable methodology




  


  


  

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

  

  

  

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments

  

 shares granted

  

 shares granted

  

 shares granted

  

 shares granted

  

 shares granted

  

 Options
 Exercises in Period

  

 

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 Options

  


  

  

 Options
 Exercises in Period

  

 Options
 Exercises in Period

  

 Options
 Exercises in Period

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

 Options
 Grants in Period

  

 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period

  

 Options
 Outstanding

  

 Options
 Outstanding

  

 Options
 Outstanding

  

 Options
 Outstanding

  

 shares expected to vest at end of period

  

 shares expected to vest at end of period

  

 shares expected to vest at end of period

  

 shares expected to vest at end of period

  

 shares expected to vest at end of period

  


  

  


 2014
 there were no cash equivalents. Cash equivalents totaled $2.7 million at December 31
 2013.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Under our cash management system
 we utilize a controlled disbursement account to fund cash distribution checks presented for payment by the holder. Checks issued but not yet presented to banks may result in overdraft balances for accounting purposes. As of December 31
 2014
 there were no bank overdrafts. As of December 31
 2013

 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31


 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
 beverages and supplies are stated at the lower of cost or market.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&amp;#8217;s carrying value
 we reduce the product to a new cost basis. We record the cost of inventory for which we estimate we have more than a twelve-month supply as a component of Intangible and other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-style: italic; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization of property


 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2014

 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 we then perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. Under the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 and
 if an indication of goodwill impairment exists in the reporting unit
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. Under step two
 an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill as determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value

 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired

 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &amp;#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A&amp;#8209;B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. Our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $8.0 million at December 31
 2014 and 2013 in refundable deposits on kegs and $10.1 million and $6.5 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment

 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers

 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network

 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income

 sales
 use

 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $15.0 million
 $12.4 million and $12.4 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advertising expenses frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling

 net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate forfeitures of stock-based awards based on historical experience and expected future activity.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence

 including attorney fees
 and potential settlement claims related to various legal proceedings that are estimable and probable. If not estimable and probable
 legal costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Selling

 in the opinion of management

 2014 and 2013

 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and Omission beer brands and Square Mile cider brand. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

 Value
 Share-based Compensation

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


 2014



  

  

  





















  


  


  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  





200&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2

247&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1

484&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=bottom style=text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;16







  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


  


 a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2014



  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 net sales

  

 Options

  

 Options
 Cancellations in Period

  


  


  


  


  


  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Forfeitures

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Forfeitures

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Forfeitures

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Forfeitures

  

 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Forfeitures

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  





  


 sales
 use



 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &amp;#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A&amp;#8209;B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. Our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $8.0 million at December 31
 2014 and 2013 in refundable deposits on kegs and $10.1 million and $6.5 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment



 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income



  

  

  


  


  

  

  

  

  


  

  


  

  


  

  


  

 Minimum-Headquarters Office Space

  

  

  

  


 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies


 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020




 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income



  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

  

 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

  

 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

  

  

  


 accordingly





























        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        






        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        






        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    









    


    


    





    


    


 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    





    


    

    


    


    


    


    





    

    

    





    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    


    






    



 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 19
115
396 and 18
972











    

    

    


 Shares



    

    


    


    


    





    


    


    


 Net of Tax



    


    


    


    


    


    









    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    





    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


 Interest Rate



    


    


    


    


    


    


    









    


    

    
















    









    


    


    













 Property



    





    


 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee



    






    





    


    


    


    


    





    


    

    


    


    


    


    






    


    


 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion



    



 Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship
 by Income Statement Location



    


    


    

    






    

    


    


    





    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    





    









    


    


    






    

    


    


    

    


    





    





    





    


    


















    



 Measurements



    

    


    

    


    









    


    


    


    


    


    


    













    


 Amortization Expense



    


    
















    


    


 Amortization Expense



    


 Amortization Expense



    


 Amortization Expense



    


 Amortization Expense






    





    






    

    


    


 Goodwill



    

    


    


    






    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    


 Extraordinary Items



    


    


    


    


 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    


    

    


    

    


    









    


 Tax Credit



    






    






    


    





    


    





    


    


    


    

    






    


    


    


    





    






    












    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    





    


    


    

    


    


    










    


    










    


    


    


    





    

    


    





    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    

    






    


 Maturities



    


 Maturities



    


 Maturities



    

    


    


 Maturities



    


 Maturities



    


 Maturities



    


    


    


    


    

    









    

    


    


    

    


    


    





    





    





    


    


    






    


    


    


 Future Minimum Payments







    


 Future Minimum Payments










    


    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    


 Future Minimum Payments



    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    


 Future Minimum Payments



    


    

    


    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    


 Future Minimum Payments



    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    


    


    


 Future Minimum Payments Due



    













    


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    


    

    


    

    


    





    


    













 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period







    


    








    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    





    

    






    


    










    



 Plant and Equipment



 Plant and Equipment




 equipment and leasehold improvements



 equipment and leasehold improvements















 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment














    


    


    


    


    

    


    





    



 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B



    






    


    


    


    


 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations



    

    


    





    





    


    


    


    






    










 Options
 Outstanding



    


    


    

    





    


    


    


 Options
 Grants in Period







    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    





    


    






    

    


    





















    


    


    


    

    


    






    


    


    


    

    










    


    



 shares cancelled due to termination of employee



 Non-Option Equity Instruments



    


 Options
 Grants in Period



    

    


    


    


 Options
 Grants in Period



    






 Non-Option Equity Instruments




 shares granted



    


 Options
 Exercises in Period




 



    


    


    


 Options











    


    


 Options
 Exercises in Period



    


    


    


    


    


 Options
 Grants in Period



    


 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period



    

    


 Options
 Outstanding



    

    


 Options
 Outstanding




 shares expected to vest at end of period







    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    

    


    


 Value
 Share-based Compensation



    

    


    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    






    


    





    





    


    

    


    


    





    


    





    


    





    


    


    


    

    


    

    



 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date









    

    

    



 symbol or other device or style and string of typographic characters used to describe the location of a specific individual
 business
 computer


    



 excluding financial assets and goodwill


    

    





    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    


    








    


    

    


    


    

    



 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including interest
 current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures


    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    












    

    

    



 net of valuation reserves and adjustments


    





    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    






 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments


    

    


    

    





    

    





    

    





    

    


    

    

    


    


 net sales



    


 Options


    


    


 Options
 Cancellations in Period


    


    

    

    


    








    


 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Forfeitures









    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    





    

    


    

    

    



 divided by the total sales revenue


    

    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    





    





    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    








    


    

    









    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    





    

    


    





    

    

    


    

    


    

    


    




    


    








    





    


    

    


    

    









    

    

    


    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    

    



 contingent rentals


    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    



 management


    


    

    



 under termination agreement from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management


    

    



 under contract brewing arrangement from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management


    






 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements



    

    

    



 management


    

    


    

    

    


    






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 chart.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!``$`8`!@``#__@`?3$5!1!496-H;F]L;V=I97,@26YC
M+B!6,2XP,0#_VP$``4%!0@%`P'!PP,0D)#`T
#`P
#0T-#0T-#0T-#0T-

M#0T-#0T-#?_$`:(```$%`0$!`0$!```````````!`@
$!08'`D*P$``P$!



G*TM/4U=;7

M`P$``A$#$0`_`/LN@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`

BXNI`Q6,07*?<4NV6DA1%PH)PS`GMDXH`[RYN8K.-I[ATBBC&6=VJH]6
M9B`![DT`3=:`


M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`'@X

MZM!I&GZC#I9LK)HK*]


MSK$-UIMCJ=I#9W&E?8_+BNF_T%?+\_S9))R(=FYTEM%@\YCF21G0R&@#U'PA




;@M`%VSL-2T:SC6

MWAFMO#5@EEN:=1]N%C-'
$4


M%/EI(\T#(C-T#



M\&2(9EC24J(GDC'WXT=G7!W*

=(T[45T:XN52_D19%AVR%O+8L!(Q

F40$+(QD:$9E0(J%Q)'T:-E$@;Y=N[B@G_
M`





MB@^PP&8DMY+B6)V5HVEAWB
JQ`=AMH`Z/3O'VD7=C-?274QMX+B]V-(R0)

;B



M^)%UNXO[)X_(N=*NC;R)NW!D9%E@F4X7Y98G!VD95@ZY.`Q`.GH`*`@`H`*
M`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`



EM(LIA4I+.ADMR6*!B!0!JZ=\-]3T[Q%_:

M



M6UF#5_M

AGGD4


MJ7.JQ65S;1Z?XD^S?;O.C=[F#R$6(_92#Y;^9&HVB7;Y+Y==WW:`.L\/^$9-


D@&TA9


H./DDD:0(W1E0

@@T

M`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!
M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`

M]F8*JL%/V=9=WVCSP'+
28R`1);7NN6%YXC;5+NQN;:2^\F&.1%M+5;.6:-(

M1@_=-P'E7'5GC7O0!@I?ZHT&GVFI3ZQ=2_:-96X&ER%+AG@N(50


S.TOEP.Q
M#%8IU65MX8T`+J_B&]\4G3+NSCU62.?3+BYGM=
NTLY8YXIH(Y1()9(C(8G
ML(B!
F_^&@#3\





M\O4UB+=;(0;_`%*&[@E
@5BR0Q32%&&
J75

MFES1V]O%9RB';NMHI_M
X*GS][RX1)
PA(B-A+.2`:/AS4KBXU&[BENEO(X]

MEW!:X_N0%QM7KO4MUS0!MMJUY_;1@6:3R?[=2WV!OE\K^QC
T6/[GFXE*_W^


7`
=NH!&:`.^\#V5S9V\OVN+4H






MU'4%&NP&YNKB2Y
EQF&UBE-O;22`_9_.:0R

9/`H`Z#P[XKN=??0I2TD3S)J


B3V-


MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`

2SX
]JJK`^`P`\M5`V@!6'#JV3D`LV_AZ
MPM)UNH8MLT;W

MH\R5%=L`?-DC&YL@$5OX4TRTE$\
`5UN)[H?

M/MWL6(!0TSP#HFCW*WEG;E)(2QA4S3O#`6!#&WMY)6@@)#
N88T(5F484D$`
M;!\/]MKM;^.URI*9T3S9C;QS$DF:.U


9;3!U`9@!AB`)JW@71=:
1NK?'D0_


M$:*@
3)\N1T9L@%*3P!HLEE'IOD.D$
YN5
RLK3-<)
MP\C*[*S/*
MQ8'!R`


YYR:`


M&+2[F$/:VPC$*AG5X3$NV-HI5998Y$7@2(X?&?FY.0!=(\
:=H4$EM8P^6EP



M6ZB9)3




2)$8JX8$
MT`0'PEI1BLX#;J4TJ59K/YGS#(H8!E;=N/#$%6+*W&X'`P`=%0`4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0


MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`/FW7I;#3_%@^R^5=7DUW$\MA=6

R.YDMT$4Z%D#
H`.2DBEN'GBLBDM^RZX'T^&V=+

NH!A


?UH`
MDH`*`@`H`C,*%Q*57S%4J&P-P5BR@]054D=0/2@2@`H`*`*%[]^W_Z[
M?^TI:`+]`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`
M4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`
M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`%]^_;_\`7;_VE+0!?H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`H7OW[?_`*[?^TI:`+]`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`
M4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`
M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4
M`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!
M0`4`%`%]^_;_P#7;_VE+0!?H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@


YG
M=[.2-8+5-\DS+!=2RJARB)F

MK(N3&\D;*\;HZ/&[*RMUR``:-[]^W_Z[?\`M*6@_0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`
M4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`



M3`'#N!_JI.@#`#IV%`%K^RK?T?\`[^R__%T`']E6_H__`']E_P#BZ`#^RK?T
M?_O[+_\`%T`']E6_H_\`W]E_^+H`/[*M_1_^_LO_`
70`?V5;^C_`/?V7_XN
M@`_LJW]'_P_LO\`\70`?V5;^C_]_9?_`(N@`_LJW]'_`._LO_Q=`!_95OZ/
M_P!_9?\`XN@`_LJW]'_[^R__`!=`!_95OZ/_`-_9?_BZ`#^RK?T?_O[+_P#%
MT`']E6_H_P#W]E_^+H`/[*M_1_\`O[+_`/%T`']E6_H__?V7_P+H`/[*M_1
M_P#O[+_\70`?V5;^C_\`?V7_`.+H`/[*M_1_^_LO_P`70`?V5;^C_P#?V7_X
MN@`_LJW]'_[^R_\`Q=`!_95OZ/\`]_9?_BZ`#^RK?T?_`+^R_P#Q=`!_95OZ
M/_W]E_\`BZ`#^RK?T?\`[^R__%T`']E6_H__`']E_P#BZ`#^RK?T?_O[+_\`
M%T`']E6_H_\`W]E_^+H`/[*M_1_^_LO_`
70`?V5;^C_`/?V7_XN@`_LJW]'
M_P_LO\`\70`?V5;^C_]_9?_`(N@`_LJW]'_`._LO_Q=`!_95OZ/_P!_9?\`
MXN@`_LJW]'_[^R__`!=`!_95OZ/_`-_9?_BZ`#^RK?T?_O[+_P#%T`']E6_H
M_P#W]E_^+H`/[*M_1_\`O[+_`/%T`']E6_H__?V7_P+H`/[*M_1_P#O[+_\
M70`?V5;^C_\`?V7_`.+H`/[*M_1_^_LO_P`70`?V5;^C_P#?V7_XN@`_LJW]
M'_[^R_\`Q=`!_95OZ/\`]_9?_BZ`#^RK?T?_`+^R_P#Q=`!_95OZ/_W]E_\`
MBZ`#^RK?T?\`[^R__%T`']E6_H__`']E_P#BZ`#^RK?T?_O[+_\`%T`']E6_
MH_\`W]E_^+H`/[*M_1_^_LO_`
70`?V5;^C_`/?V7_XN@`_LJW]'_P_LO\`
M\70`?V5;^C_]_9?_`(N@`_LJW]'_`._LO_Q=`!_95OZ/_P!_9?\`XN@`_LJW
M]'_[^R__`!=`!_95OZ/_`-_9?_BZ`#^RK?T?_O[+_P#%T`']E6_H_P#W]E_^
M+H`/[*M_1_\`O[+_`/%T`']E6_H__?V7_P+H`/[*M_1_P#O[+_\70`?V5;^
MC_\`?V7_`.+H`/[*M_1_^_LO_P`70`?V5;^C_P#?V7_XN@`_LJW]'_[^R_\`
MQ=`!_95OZ/\`]_9?_BZ`#^RK?T?_`+^R_P#Q=`!_95OZ/_W]E_\`BZ`#^RK?
MT?\`[^R__%T`']E6_H__`']E_P#BZ`#^RK?T?_O[+_\`%T`']E6_H_\`W]E_
M^+H`/[*M_1_^_LO_`
FFFKQU3VL3?V5;^C_\`?V7_`.+J1A_95OZ/_P!_9?\`XN@`
M_LJW]'_[^R__`!=`!_95OZ/_`-_9?_BZ`#^RK?T?_O[+_P#%T`']E6_H_P#W
M]E_^+H`/[*M_1_\`O[+_`/%T`']E6_H__?V7_P+H`/[*M_1_P#O[+_\70`?
MV5;^C_\`?V7_`.+H`/[*M_1_^_LO_P`70`?V5;^C_P#?V7_XN@`_LJW]'_[^
MR_\`Q=`!_95OZ/\`]_9?_BZ`#^RK?T?_`+^R_P#Q=`!_95OZ/_W]E_\`BZ`#
M^RK?T?\`[^R__%T`']E6_H__`']E_P#BZ`#^RK?T?_O[+_\`%T`']E6_H_\`
MW]E_^+H`/[*M_1_^_LO_`
70`?V5;^C_`/?V7_XN@`_LJW]'_P_LO\`\70`
M?V5;^C_]_9?_`(N@`_LJW]'_`._LO_Q=`%R&%8%)D*/4DGGW8D_K0!)0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`4+W[]O_P!=O_:4M`%^@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`


MYHZU3K4-*34XK[



MA](84`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`
M4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`4+W[]O\`]=O_`&E+0!?H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#RZY8^/=2^R1D_V-IS@S
.EU
M.O2



]#[CF

ML4IKEQ

'BO5-!^77[)C$./M=GF2/ZNGWD]^



MVER.1/;'RG!]3M^4^^1D^M=U/%5*:Y6^:/\`++5?YG)/#TYOF2Y9=XZ
R/+\


O+6'_``/P
K5Z.UJD?NE_P33T


M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0




;B``:^HWT

L*













;_OW)_\`$4`']JVW]YO^_<G_
M`

M`/[5MO[S?]^Y/_B*`#^U;;^\W_?N3_XB@`_M6V_O-_W[D_\`B*`#^U;;^\W_
M`'[D_P#B*`#^U;;^\W_?N3_XB@`_M6V_O-_W[D_^(H`/[5MO[S?]^Y/_`(B@




MD_\`B*XSJ#^U;;^\W_?N3_XB@`_M6V_O-_W[D_\`B*`#^U;;^\W_`'[D_P#B
M*`#^U;;^\W_?N3_XB@`_M6V_O-_W[D_^(H`/[5MO[S?]^Y/_`(B@`_M6V_O-
M_P!^Y/\`XB@`_M6V_O-_W[D_^(H`/[5MO[S?]^Y/_B*`#^U;;^\W_?N3_P(
MH`/[5MO[S?\`?N3_`.(H`/[5MO[S?]^Y/_B*`#^U;;^\W_?N3_XB@Y#
LZA

M2^2LDKK#O_=@;5V@$L?P]A:&=+R]O;RYN!;JEW*\2SVZVDGFVPA




M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!TH`\NF8^/M2-NF?[&TZ3]X1TNIUZ(/6-._8]?XEQZZ_V


M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`//?%FJ3ZA.OAO2FVW-P
W
HZ6]


M@4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`13V\5TABF19$;JKJ&4_4$$

+'_`&HF.





ZOU?56

M`!0`4`%`%]^_;_]=O\`VE+0!?H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@
M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
M`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@GJ&H0:5;R7=RPCAA4LQ/H.P]23P!W)`K2$'4DH05VW9$2D


M`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!TH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`$W
M`';D9()`[X&
G'H
C/U%`T`%`!0!0O?OV__`%V_]I2T`7Z`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@
M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*






M
T*XOVBE=I0Y\MKFVBX8



M%0CHD7_
N_\`GG#_`-_G_P#C%9EAYEW_`
\X?^_S_P#QB@`\R[_YYP_]_G_^
M


N_\`GG#_`-_G_P#C%`!YEW_S
MSA_[_/\`_&*`#S+O_GG#_P!_G_\`C%`!YEW_`
\X?^_S_P#QB@`\R[_YYP_]
M_G_^


N_\`GG#_`-_G_P#C%`!Y
MEW_SSA_[_/\`_&*`#S+O_GG#_P!_G_\`C%`%J(N5'F!5;N%8L/S*J?T%`$E`
M!0`4`%`&1+H&G37R:M);0-?1(8TN#&IE53C@/C=VP#G*@L`0&8$`E@T:PMKB
R5Y:SEK)^?\`DCJJXSJ@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`.
M&UGXBZ+H4UU;7,KF73T@:=8XI),/<L%@@7:I#W$N0RPKE]AWD!02`UHOCC3
M-?:U2Q:1S?17

MM_\`KM_[2EH`OT`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!
M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!2U+48-

MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`^?==TS0E\7[)-:2V

M:4M`%^@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
M`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`


M]0O)+[2+72+Z\M;Z1=0BDSOM(8HUCDD\Q$


M(05.*A'1(O5F6%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`



$



MHR.R
C`ANH`!?O?OV_\`UV_]I2T`7Z`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@



_4_A=

UV8&1)9$/FN)&C4&4*3#%`L:@*P%`&S?:)KN


]Y_P#OI?\`XB@`_L\_





M`



]Y_P#OI?\`XB@`_L\_





M`
]Y_P#OI?\`XB@`_L\_\]Y_^^E_^(H`H:FT.CVTEY=7
Z10J68[ES[`#9RS





M//\`SWG_`.^E_P#B*`#^SS_SWG_[Z7_XB@`_L\_\]Y_^^E_^(H`/[//_`#WG



M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`!



M56BTA'^:7?T1Y]:3J2^K4M&_C?\`+'MZL[C3M.@TFVCL[5=D
*A5'\R?4DY)



MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
'[8^:WFWEPWFW

MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`



M1V%NX\P

MVVN4=/







_F1M_6HE@ZT=5&Z[Q:?Y%K%4GIS6]4T=+#K-C.H:*X@=3T*RH

MVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_XT`']H6O_`#VB_P_B_XT`']H6O\`SVB_[^+_
M`(T`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_SVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\`/:+_`+^+_C0`?VA:
M_P#/:+_OXO\`C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_XT`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_P`]HO\`
MOXO^-`!_:%K_`,]HO^_B_P-`!_:%K_SVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_XT`']
MH6O_`#VB_P_B_XT`']H6O\`SVB_[^+_`(T`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_SV
MB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\`/:+_`+^+_C0`?VA:_P#/:+_OXO\`C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_
MXT`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_P`]HO\`OXO^-`!_:%K_`,]HO^_B_P-`!_:
M%K_SVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_XT`']H6O_`#VB_P_B_XT`)_:-J/^6T7_
M`'\3_&@#S+[5%XWU/?-(B:/IS_(K,J_:IQ_$02,QIVR,$?[QQZ[_`-BI\J_C
MU%K_`'(OIZO^MCS5_M4[_P#+J#T_O2_R7];GIO\`:%J/^6T7_?:?XUY!Z0O]
MH6O_`#VB_P_B_XT`']H6O\`SVB_[^+_`(T`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_SV
MB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\`/:+_`+^+_C0`?VA:_P#/:+_OXO\`C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_
MXT`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_P`]HO\`OXO^-`!_:%K_`
]HO^_B_P-`!_:
M%K_SVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_XT`']H6O_`#VB_P_B_XT`']H6O\`SVB_
M[^+_`(T`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_SVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\`/:+_`+^+_C0`
M?VA:_P#/:+_OXO\`C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_XT`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_P`]
MHO\`OXO^-`!_:%K_`
]HO^_B_P-`!_:%K_SVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_X
MT`']H6O_`#VB_P_B_XT`']H6O\`SVB_[^+_`(T`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%
MK_SVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\`/:+_`+^+_C0`?VA:_P#/:+_OXO\`C0`?VA:_\]HO
M^_B_XT`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_P`]HO\`OXO^-`!_:%K_`
]HO^_B_P-
M`!_:%K_SVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\]HO^_B_XT`']H6O_`#VB_P_B_XT`']H6O\`
MSVB_[^+_`(T`']H6O_/:+_OXO^-`!_:%K_SVB_[^+_C0`?VA:_\`/:+_`+^+
M_C0!8CD25=T;!E/0J01^8XH`?0`4`%`!0!YQJW@.?5]36ZGUX;32XEDL66-
MOWB26\JI'.RF6.W:2W1WB!R&!
JR




MU^1GCX?O9\Z;J-Y;`=%8K
GY
!Q[5I]:4OXM&G+S2Y7^!'U=Q_AU)Q^=T(=-
M\56/
5Q8WRCM-8F/U,8QG\:.;SWA.'^%W7XARXB.THR]59_@']OZW8\7NC
M^:!_%:R(_P#XX06_#-'L*$OX=9+RG%K\0]K6C\=*_P#A=_P')\0M*C.R]@N;

3V+*I

MNK^0H`/)C_NK^0H`/)C_`+J_D*`#R8_[J_D*`#R8_PZOY@`\F/^ZOY@`\
MF/\`NK^0H`/)C_NK^0H`/)C_`+J_D*`#R8_[J_D*`#R8_PZOY@`\F/^ZOY
M@`\F/\`NK^0H`/)C_NK^0H`/)C_`+J_D*`#R8_[J_D*`#R8_PZOY@`\F/




M3MMH*W0Y^]\):/J'_'Q9P






M`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!
M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!0O?OV_P#UV_\`:4M`%^@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`1F$8+
0JJ

M5YFT_P`

6^5=(+XI?Y+^M#SY



K1TYKKM))G

MVW`Z)(PF3Z8;'%7]:C+^+1IR\TN5_@1]7E'^'4FO)ZH/LOBZPYCN+*_4=I8V

G=?\!]
MKE#P7XXU&V-I+:W.HK#@1R0KN91_P`\Y&/!P.5.=V.#P:TQ.%IN7/&


M3_6ZP5_ZYVL:_P!:/;8=?#0^^;#V59[U?NB@_P$-U)_];K-Z?9%1/Y9H^LT
MU\-'SNP]A/K6G\K(/\`A`-_^NU+4I/^V^T?D%H^MV^&E27_`&Z'U;O4J?\`

79+




7%&..Y8]V8]
M69NI)_E@552I*K)SF[M_AY+LB80C2BH05DOZU\S1K(T@`H`*`@`H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`*%[]^W_Z[?\`M*6@_0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`(S!`68A549))P`!U)/84;Z(-CSN]\77.KS-I_AB
M

*]2.'C22J8M\JZ07Q2_R7]:'GRK2F_9X

M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*






5\]_J+3N4F8QR@6D4.XPLUJ61]T4:I:BW5-S2LZ@`=J4-OH4

MC5-


M?[_[@`\^[_YX+_W^_\`L*`#S[O_`)X+_P!_O_L*`#S[O_G@O_?[_PPH`//



M@`\^[_YX+_W^_\`L*`#S[O_`)X+_P!_O_L*`#S[O_G@O_?[_PPH`//N_\`




MM_Z#$:CVU-?:1TQR_%2VHR^=E^;1GO\`%73$X0-*?2

MKQ76
8^LXK]1B_$Y93B'3;^7W6



M^NU)8_\`KC'&/RS&*.2IUJ6]$'UG1^#W_Q5'^@?\(=J\O_`!\:E?M[).D8
M_2.CV3ZU)?D'UZG'X



\%

MP=V

&_O!

TJST2W6
MSTZ&*TMTR5BA18T!8Y)J`,DG)/4GK0`7OW[?_KM_PTI:`+]`!0`4`%`!0`
M4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`C




M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%



\4]JEO2



M*V]K&L
2#H@P!_B3W)R3U)KS)2E-N4VVWU9Z$8JY8JR71%JH*@`H`*`@
M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
M`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`S;K6;
M&Q&;FXAAQ_?D1?T)!J'*


MG)_.P?V@H?P
/1AY\O

I
M9EBI:*IRKM%*/Y*YTUIHMA88%M;P0XZ;(D4_F!FM5&
=DE\C@G6JU/CG)^LF





M.DF_2






M3C]E?/\`X)A/




M@`H`*`@`H`*`


;8DD'8W#C!'^[U]E/



(-.B^]<1#
M_@8/\JGZQ17_`\A_P!(I*^UOO7^95?Q;I*=;E#]`S?^@J:CZU07_+R/WE*
M+?5?^!17ZE1_'&DQ\5V_P!V&8_^R8_6H^N8=?\`+R/X_P1:I_WZ:]:D/\`
M
I/\0]




W\L4O[0CTM]

M]8?$VNC2LO7OL=M3

]=G?X=.C+GA?3KVT



M=DU'\K'2P+J]N-MM965L/0-C'X)BM5+%_9I4H^LO\CAE4J3UDV_5MEGRO$$G
M_+2TB^BNU.V

M^P+Y_P#6:C/]$55_D:7U6L_BQ$_DD@Y7W8O_``BH?_6W=X__`&UP/R`H^I7^

M'_=7_OD?X5/+'LON0$@`48`P!V%/;1`+3`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`





M0LB

T;3*9S&A

P'F74ZE(8

5\4M;?

O)!](U.0B]








MYT?7*C^'#U/N_P`.]!?\_7_`-NQ7_MS&_VYXE?[EE$O^\)#_PSK1]9Q#^'



M?^_(I^QQ?_/^/_@)][NON0@TG6U.?MZ?C$*/8XK_G^O_`$%GW_!$9TG7O\`
MG_C_`._5+V&)_P?_P#Y(BN5?S2^Y$9T;7R?^/\`3_OV:/J^)_Z'_XA\L?
MYI_='_
@?1/$1/%]'CZ

-UE7^Z!_AKQ/CB^A_
M&2X'\J7U.M_S_G_X$RE#=98BWE[


Z
9/
*-=4U;EY6XQNWL[Z:]'W1V:?#[6C]^_@7_`'8I#_.05[']

MNI_WBS?S8U?U+#K_`)=Q_'_




M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`

M]U-*'D4HDVEW47FV7FW




K`CY\QO


MYK-R:2;;2O=6W3T^1MOX/\S_`%EY=O\`63_ZU;?4F_BK57_V\8JZ^T_OL*/!

?JR'_VG5K`8=?8^^4O\Q
MW'\?\PY(]BPOA6R3H#_WQ`?YQ&K6%H+:G#[@Y8KHBPOAZW3[O'TBMO\`XQ6B
MH4EM3@O^W5_D59=D3KI)]UV'TCMQ_[0K14X+:,5\D%D3P9?NS2#Z+`/_:-
M4DELDOD
=]DD_P?B;\H?_C-4`?8Y/\`GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?\`XS0`
M?8Y/^?B;\H?_`(S0`?8Y/^?B;\H?_C-`!]CD_P?B;\H?_C-`$
^EBZ79/+)

M54X)K^ZO\A679&A]CD_Y^)ORA_\`C-=!0?8Y/^?B;\H?_C-`!]CD_P?B;\H
M?_C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_P#C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_\`C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_^,T`'V.3_
M`)^)ORA_^,T`'V.3_GXF_*'_`.,T`'V.3_GXF_*'_P
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_XS
M0`?8Y/\`GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?\`XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?_`(S0`?8Y/^?B



MXS5G.'V.3_GXF_*'_P,T`'V.3_GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/\`GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/^
M?B;\H?\`XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?_`(S0`?8Y/^?B;\H?_C-`!]CD_P?B;\H?_C-
M`!]CD_Y^)ORA_P#C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_\`C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_^
T`'V.3_`)^)
MORA_^
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_`.
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_P,T`'V.3_GXF_*'_XS0`?8
MY/\`GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?\`XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?_`(S0`?8Y/^?B;\H?
M_C-`!]CD_P?B;\H?_C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_P#C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_\`C-`!]CD_
MY^)ORA_^
T`'V.3_`)^)ORA_^
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_`.
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_P,
MT`'V.3_GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/\`GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?\`XS0`?8Y/^?B;
M\H?_`(S0`?8Y/^?B;\H?_C-`!]CD_P?B;\H?_C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_P#C-`!]
MCD_Y^)ORA_\`C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_^
T`'V.3_`)^)ORA_^
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_
M`.
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_P,T`'V.3_GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/\`GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/^
M?B;\H?\`XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?_`(S0`?8Y/^?B;\H?_C-`!]CD_P?B;\H?_C-
M`!]CD_Y^)ORA_P#C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_\`C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_^
T`'V.3_`)^)
MORA_^
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_`.
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_P,T`'V.3_GXF_*'_XS0`?8
MY/\`GXF_*'_XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?\`XS0`?8Y/^?B;\H?_`(S0`?8Y/^?B;\H?
M_C-`!]CD_P?B;\H?_C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_P#C-`!]CD_Y^)ORA_\`C-`!]CD_
MY^)ORA_^
T`'V.3_`)^)ORA_^
T`'V.3_GXF_*'_`.
T`6HD
:A2S.1_$VW)

M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`

M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`


M`'VJ'^^G_?0_QH`/M4/]]/\`OH?XT`'VJ'^^G_?0_P`:`#[5#_?3_OH?XT`'
MVJ'^^G_?0_QH`/M4/]]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?\`?0_QH`/M4/\`?3_OH?XT`'VJ
M'^^G_?0_QH`/M4/]]/\`OH?XT`'VJ'^^G_?0_P`:`#[5#_?3_OH?XT`'VJ'^
M^G_?0_QH`/M4/]]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?\`?0_QH`/M4/\`?3_OH?XT`+]IA'\:
M?]]#_&@!/M4/]]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_&@`^U0_WT_[Z'^-`!]JA_OI_P!]
M#_&@`^U0_P!]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_&@`^U0_WT_P^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_
M`!H`/M4/]]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_&@`^U0_WT_[Z'^-`!]JA_OI_P!]#_&@
M`^U0_P!]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_&@`^U0_WT_P^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_`!H`
M/M
/]]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_&@`^U0_WT_[Z'^-`!]JA_OI_P!]#_&@`^U0
M_P!]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_&@`^U0_WT_P^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_`!H`/M4/
M]]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_&@`^U0_WT_[Z'^-`!]JA_OI_P!]#_&@`^U0_P!]
M/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_&@`^U0_WT_P^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_`!H`/M4/]]/^
M^A_C0`?:H?[Z?]]#_&@!?M
/]]/^^A_C0`GVJ'^^G_?0_P`:`#[5#_?3_OH?
MXT`'VJ'^^G_?0_QH`/M4/]]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?\`?0_QH`/M4/\`?3_OH?XT
M`'VJ'^^G_?0_QH`/M4/]]/\`OH?XT`'VJ'^^G_?0_P`:`#[5#_?3_OH?XT`'
MVJ'^^G_?0_QH`/M4/]]/^^A_C0`?:H?[Z?\`?0_QH`/M4/\`?3_OH?XT`'VJ

MS.S'@8``-NZT^*Y='*H2C[F)0$L-C+C./]H'GTH`E^PV_P#SRC_[X7_@`^P
MV_\`SRC_`.^%_P`*`#[#;_\`/*/_`+X7_@`^PV__/*/_OA?\*`#[#;_`//*
M/_OA?\*`#[#;_P#/*/\`[X7_``H`/L-O_P`\H_\`OA?\*`#[#;_\\H_^^%_P
MH`/L-O\`\\H_^^%_PH`/L-O_`
\H_P#OA?\`@`^PV__`#RC_P^%_PH`/L-
MO_SRC_[X7_@`^PV_P#SRC_[X7_@`^PV_\`SRC_`.^%_P`*`#[#;_\`/*/_

M\*`#[#;_`//*/_OA?\*`#[#;_P#/*/\`[X7_``H`/L-O_P`\H_\`OA?\*`#[
M#;_\\H_^^%_PH`/L-O\`\\H_^^%_PH`/L-O_`
\H_P#OA?\`@`^PV__`#RC
M_P^%_PH`/L-O_SRC_[X7_@`^PV_P#SRC_[X7_@`^PV_\`SRC_`.^%_P`*



D`#

ML-O_`



M'_WPO^%`!]AM_P#GE'_WPO\`A0`?8;?_`)Y1_P#?_X4`'V&W_YY1_\`?_X




M'V:XUDV\7[N![-+NW\R+!MHI99'%N9701?*




MY-+@OUN$N]06UMM6-M$&*):S7%WLB4VE









M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!FZQ]M^QRC2_*%X4(A

ME

0#UE6#@,I#*P!!!R#R.H/8T`+0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`

YG5

M:*

MDN]`!0!VM`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!ROB?PHGB

MF3[*\*AI

M2%0#;@C!ZYZ4`3?V/#_:/]K9?S_LWV7&1L\OS/-SMQG=N[[L8XQWH`U*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#AKKP,)]4EUF/4=2MYI_+5HXI+;RA''C$
M22UD=(V.6=5D&YV+$YP0`2VW@6QM=0&HK+=



`!@``U*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`,O6M+76[*;3WEFMEN4,;2V
M[B.95;[VQRK!21E<[2<$XP<$`'*0_#Z!+(Z?-?7\\:-]LSO;H]G);DF-[8P
M6T*JPZ$.LB

M
D]!DT`9G]IZK_T#_P#R:B_^)H`/[3U7_H'_`/DU%_\`$T`']IZK_P!`_P#\
MFHO_`(F@`_M/5?\`H'_^347_`
30`?VGJO\`T#__`:B_P#B:`#^T]5_Z!__
M`)-1?_$T`']IZK_T#_\`R:B_^)H`/[3U7_H'_P#DU%_\30`?VGJO_0/_`/)J
M+_XF@`_M/5?^@?\`^347_P`30`?VGJO_`$#_`/R:B_\`B:`#^T]5_P@?_Y-



FHO_B:`#^T]5_Z!_\`Y-1?
M_$T`']IZK_T#_P#R:B_^)H`/[3U7_H'_`/DU%_\`$T`']IZK_P!`_P#\FHO_
M`(F@`_M/5?\`H'_^347_`
30`?VGJO\`T#__`:B_P#B:`#^T]5_Z!__`)-1
M?_$T`']IZK_T#_\`R:B_^)H`/[3U7_H'_P#DU%_\30`?VGJO_0/_`/)J+_XF
M@`_M/5?^@?\`^347_P`30`?VGJO_`$#_`/R:B_\`B:`#^T]5_P@?_Y-1?\`



FHO_B:`#^T]5_Z!_\`Y-1?_$T`
M']IZK_T#_P#R:B_^)H`/[3U7_H'_`/DU%_\`$T`']IZK_P!`_P#\FHO_`(F@
M`_M/5?\`H'_^347_`
30`?VGJO\`T#__`:B_P#B:`#^T]5_Z!__`)-1?_$T
M`']IZK_T#_\`R:B_^)H`/[3U7_H'_P#DU%_\30`?VGJO_0/_`/)J+_XF@`_M
M/5?^@?\`^347_P`30`?VGJO_`$#_`/R:B_\`B:`#^T]5_P@?_Y-1?\`Q-`!



FHO_B:`#^T]5_Z!_\`Y-1?_$T`']IZ
MK_T#_P#R:B_^)H`/[3U7_H'_`/DU%_\`$T`
EU?5(4:1M/X0%C_I470#)_AH

M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0!SGBO_D'/_UUMO\`TIAH`Z.@`H`*`.7U;QGI.AS_`&6]G\J;:&V[)&P#


M2O-

M74O'5LVE3W^C
EU-')!;QK('C03W



MLHW^3!YDBAE1@'8+0!SLWCO71XG%G#:N^E&[M[
6%4@2.TN!`]Q<QS2AK=]C))+;#
M?(CEHPNX;0`5]*^


MRV)O6$/V?[1#$TY7`E


5Q#)



]6GE^)JQ

MVH6MTW/=I91!PBZ[G&I;WDG&R=^FCZ6ZG6:1\4]*EM(WU.98+L@^;&D4Q53N
M.


M5RR731[^FA#/\0DM[35]5$L3V5G%:/9
T5G0N%\MI?(G(^8-!(V,D@#HX;


M]DLKZY@

4G]FV^E6-Z+HB!'D
MENY'C53&)B$


M0QQ.0

MP`=30`4`%`'

ME?\`/;_QR3_XFM?K^'_G_P#)9?Y!SQ[G(^-?$FH64MN]G-)8:7+`TKW\6GR:


MJUOI-O/9RS-

=M*IN-LCQVUR+0YE03J$G
7.%8X^7%`'-V?BC5C`-.^UR'5+N^@M0;W3E
MM7M(I8IY3.+=)62=76WE$)



M;3S1

)6

@!*`LH(!NS^/0LMREG87=Y%9F)6GC:UCA:2:.&:-0T]Q%A3%
K-



MO%U!;P6(L




M`*?A_P#Y!EI_UZP?^BEH`UZ`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`

NI:A?Z@\UK+9QO.
%Y-7NX;^UOKG3;BWBEAW6ZVS[XY6C=E=;B


M\H3`&`#+M/AM;6MI/IS7=W+:2VSVL
3?9U^S1MC:8Y(X$EDDBPODR7#S
FWN





6C-A.;B-4VA2QA


VH+J36Q*F'SDB9%0*5


P4!A+$Q?RY%8%?
;OM(`
2




M0JJQ^5
8#=Q1C8I:)+@1N0VY2'8$`8_PVLI(?LS3W(@-A;V+(#$
_9)3-;7(
M;RMRW$
A)!4B)L_/$V!0!TWA_0FT.-TDN9KV25@S23+!'C`P%2.VA@B50.3A
M
LQ+
230!A6OP_LK2!K999RKZ=+II)*9\J:221G&$`\P&0@'&W`&5)R2`17O



M^ACP[`\MO;HD:I*A5IE:.191(6D5U:1I%WN60AF+$CF@#'?X=0WZS'5[V]U*

*V\$
8D\Z**0R.CL3&BGY`5(!




JE0#C]6^'E_HT


@MR(I`FSY9Q


M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
















C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#WU`0N*=1
M10`4444`%%%%`!15674+2&;RI)T5_3/2K(8
H92#T(HN.S0M%%%`@HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**:74=64?
M4TGG1?\`/1/^^A0%F/HI`RMT8'Z&EH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BDS10`M
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!6-XGUV+



MWU]#6?M(WL=KP%94O:6^74]`8A5+



M+6K
58L_L0*XSP1J1\(_%.-FVV]P_E.-X;ANF2..IH


M`M07=[;6%NT]U
D42]68XJEK^M1:!I
U_
CR!!PJC.37SGXF\8ZGXGO&DN)6




MK
V^[RY5R,C!JY70FFKHX91<79A1113$%(S*BEF(@9)/:EJE

&A^()'FMYG5KMNP#P&!KJ?A9H5SHTFJ:EJMC';R,N//C;*R*2
M2*Y..W;XC?%=;ZVN$ELK:4
W



[L%51DD]`*\J\7^*6UB5K



MI_B;Q1:P:-;+;V5N`\K$X+`=345O=Q77BV_N9-+?4HP2HC3L!P#5\R./V4N[

J)EY0D?E7CWC?3YK::WO53


\#ZM::SX


[TZU?W7AFPLI=4OFER)9%P+?V!


M0XK!9AR:.)V/)U4]Z

M_B7S.
A=W`_N;TJXUNXNI(]/DF:6;&\@_S-=K8^)I(S/K&HRM(1G:K\+]3
M5TJLJVJC?\+?


MYT&]6?3U7+VT9P7]_P#ZU=$(W5W]W]=#DJ5'%VC]_P#6S.@\+^
]*\0W]WI^


M5R5&SBBBI*BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*X#XIO


MN*V+KQ]=F.8V^F6EO=3+LDN4'S



?7TS58^)-
M#GG#W-GME=3`['!`&


=*N^'=0

MDTOV_P`0O%90SVI2(22R_?B&T8(]Z]'_`.$8T8W?VDV$1EW;]Q'?UJRVDV#F



ME:1Q/)]YE%:-:0BXK4YZTU-Z!1136941F8@*!DD]JLR/-O&WBE[N1M*T\L(5



M6-W)%9P'#&-L!@.2:TO'?Y'$Z=:W(W;[3_X++7A;P9J6D#4+JX2

M`)K



-T7
5ZPP/EXD'U]:S-$\8W4/AK4K6\N&-[$

^5+'+1'M0K-674)^UIS52J[*.FG5/\`




.I&?E]:`.'T;PK+X^N
MQJNJ1W%KH[!2UG(



?VEJ/@D?V5J^FM
M

M0#E$/0GTKU31_%FBZW$KV=[$21G8S8(KS#2+BT@TFYGO[\27#C[7J$FT2*R$



MQYW=&![BL77M@@@EEL)KN[-NYCNY95^56]1[9HBY1CRH)J$Y\TG]W]-G2^


MK69M:T[3&M]733[6S3;=P[@I4@Y#J.]0V4&I^.)%TRVM%


G/IW


'!







M5Q+R,R%=L?RD8'IQ4I\3^#WTH:8RLUH.D94G%/E5VTS/VU5PC&5-OH]-T:

M\R(N

`#@UOZ;XPTC5+U;2WG/FL/E##&:O1]=3E?M*::49./G=6^XOZ1J3:G

M[F7QI&8O-!^QCRBD;-N?=T!'0T.D\?^`3XD\2PW-MJEO9EXLL328:1QRAQ


;JAU^QU]O$'C'^R9A!:):('21&)D

M
CQM:7DGQ`ENH



MR
YKVRZU+3+RZ*C3+:2)1UD3!/I4P7PWY\2_8;
H8RTC[.`?04E)/JANGRZ\

ML332E?ECMW9Q_A[X
?



$2[P1G/7-:5]\



6P6]JZFBDU=6-*=1
MTY*2Z'D8\`:W_P`\X@/]ZDD\`Z^8F54A^FZO7:*S]E$[/[3K^1XL/ASXAS_J



:5WV/'O\`A7VO
MAO\`5PG_`('4J^`_$


:*-F#
BEAT)'(I]%`CF/&][J6G:0LVDK_I#/M8
MB/=QZ5FW.IZ\=?T6(08LY(4:X9HLJCYY^E=S10!Q%GJ6MS6FM3/N:YM9RT$;
M1?\`+



M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
%10!__]D_
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
313
000
$ 930
000
$ 493
000


        
709
000
374
000
1
458
000


        
2
022
000
1
304
000
1
951
000


        
        
        
        


        
1
734
000
1
109
000
1
522
000


State taxes
 net of federal benefit
217
000
182
000
148
000


Permanent differences
 primarily meals and entertainment
304
000
198
000
232
000


        
(113
000)
(98
000)
        


        
(120
000)
(87
000)
(104
000)


        
        
        
153
000


        
2
022
000
1
304
000
1
951
000


        
        
        
        


        
364
000
470
000
        


        
1
150
000
922
000
        


        
1
153
000
918
000
        


Deferred tax assets
 Gross
2
667
000
2
310
000
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
(13
139
000)
(12
158
000)
        


        
(6
240
000)
(6
323
000)
        


        
(188
000)
(203
000)
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Gross
(19
567
000)
(18
684
000)
        


Deferred tax assets (liabilities)
 Net
(16
900
000)
(16
374
000)
        


        
        
        
        


State NOLs
 tax effected
32
000
        
        


        
332
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
079
000
746
000
292
000


        
595
000
305
000
1
116
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
234
000
184
000
201
000


        
$ 114
000
$ 69
000
$ 342
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 research credit
 foreign tax credit
 investment tax credit
 and other tax credits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 14
877
000
$ 11
760
000
        
        


        
(1
157
000)
(710
000)
        
        


Long-term debt and capital lease obligations
 net of current portion
13
720
000
11
050
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
10
421
000
10
800
000
        
        


        

  2023
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
377
000
        
        
        


        
391
000
        
        
        


        
408
000
        
        
        


        
422
000
        
        
        


        
442
000
        
        
        


        
8
381
000
        
        
        


        
10
421
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
10
421
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
600
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Fixed charge coverage ratio
 Minimum
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
3
000
000
        
        
        


        

  2018
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
3
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
3
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
3
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
22
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
33
000
33
000
34
000
        


Available on Line of Credit required for acquisitions
 minimum
5
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
2
500
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
600
000
600
000
        
        


        

  2015
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
600
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
600
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
600
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
200
000
200
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
63
000
184
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
165
000
        
        


        

  2014
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
16
129
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
793
000
11
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
139
000
        
        
        


        
134
000
        
        
        


        
133
000
        
        
        


        
133
000
        
        
        


        
133
000
        
        
        


        
200
000
        
        
        


        
872
000
        
        
        


        
79
000
        
        
        


        
$ 793
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the entity is required to have a minimum amount available remaining on the Line of Credit following an acquisition.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including interest
 current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 quarterly
 annual).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`3R?UR-@(````C```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

M
?Z3MIN`7G3;Y59IW0-XR8%$)'9DNQV\_9S0HJFB(#2D?3=$)/8Y'Y'XW?C





OFW1[E\13&UAVMULX])HST_=M4YJ8DO(G6[WJ


MD-(METU)E2L?N_0&\M![
E6HB6+7YN
U[TQC7W(?Z3\N#GR\B`L'&7[?6/C
M'!(DAP+)H4%R%`YKD!R7(/DN`')\1$DAYBB!$$15:0*E!
%2BHA15!0JK
M`L55@0*K0)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19%4HLBH4616*
MK`I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR*A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%DU
&&_8=T[3'^0U?35?0
$]2476@-Q_G
M5Q9_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`M54P(_4```!
`@``P`(`E]R96QS
M+RYR96QS(*($`BB@``(`````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````(R2ST[#,`S&[TB\0^3[
MZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:


O

@H@0!**```0``````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````\FLUNVS`0A.\%^@X[[7





MFT4[PQR7UT/E8-=DYS%
8\TFLH9$UFPB:TAD82-0(`(-/75@[AAVE1M8YI:-



MS49&8J*C0RJ4+46

M(AXY(0SU4=0NF

MK7B1XIC]GI0/.Q\_I8KU

5N8Z'7
MX0\SB]V\

/&$5,#X:D7AUU3`T,K<<(ATBS^

5R$709!`


]!ET_\/



XP!QZA

<BF\P1B4L$W6S0[



MF:TI[Z%KBN[E]?A4BN8(%)NJKH8/16I;3;GXLF]%5VQJ\/N=!45YYE875_1-




M\V(HULM.GRH&GAF?RQD#;(%,)\]0QT77V^YCY*DL^217&!%SWDYVT=14OG
M#4):CI`4(?!&7







M

M`/__`P!02P

M\5TV@



=H8ZVU_]K%7HT13Z9*JLQV!VZ*&%_




M-H'4<0/CU!

M'AD/]4DK0Z:?HBRE







MFLPB!G@0T1+[#:G9;N4@FB)


AH


R]$F?S7OV)AOJEJT??_G4V^#!+XVENJ^F41



-PB




9^G/R?Q=6*5(*W


QD;YWDU.5YF(:C:+3

MH;F81J/T'YT.X^0JQ1ZKBI)C+;9'$'ZOIIMC#=F@.2)#3]T@-*O[\[S':X
MP&W+K9+NY?`)H#/&53T8-WX.+SL82
9Z`0-3K;MC`.;5@';X`;$=Z;G5XAHH


M5I


KMY:RSWQ?%#5I
ML?!83SJ(5(RW6

M_

M:C9&`QM_T!;D;^AF`\2'[@&.$AY#*?*'D'SWH=4DVQ(-&4TDKDNKTHL'PU8
M`%1

AJ:OH
E!7UO!/8OT7``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`[9=K3F00`



Q82?6`5W]KPNTP8NZX
G3C5+
M=RJH+#SJ^Y%7IGGE8H9Y?4\.OM_G&7OFV;ED58-):E:D#?`7Q_PD/K.5V3WI



9R`
M#()N:AV(PL!B@)AIST`;
!A
30:W]9'@I0O%=+V/8M]Z

JXH/#FO-JXT.2(*8]
TSB!&P



9Y.+8N]3QX5-;;_M-


M&K3'$6D0A
X?&$6[+ZP#:L*(23\;
\GE
X



$
)\0S7):#*K!6O;2JU45;T\
\1)T(80`;.S

M_^?O+P]KW^OZXKPK3LV9;?T?K/


/'A[;*3Z:_;XJ

5+=:KZ']*I[]7E



MU/\!*!2DM!.BG




M58`1US7BDP'F.M?!IIO(6+!8K6Q6HO/O-Y'89%=?&N-(`L:H/KQ`C06+DM!+
M8QC=KCX!QH%$R4#3`K5E\;K&76MJ](8MLIV-WJV\PA*L`V49(0^XLRPBB
MRQ7F69(^
88)S`F!ZN0
'-

M8Z[8O

/



M2&[8X)`3DWHZ.9CK)KETC5*6A0!2$SE*4.?FRFZ.C/?D@LR2XFV)W:H!&;


LB$



CDY4B*B;%YS9*4:(JD*!D+$+G-^T4FUU

M1J(K
K+&
J)`9AUB8:$FQJ[##\E(-$5&%

*!!DDR1.

U




7
MM_*6


BYX;6R4EEUOFS`4
MAN\G[3]8OB]?(:2)0JIV5;=*FS1-^[AVP(!5C)'M-.V_WS&'DI#D(MSP85Z_


B:G4_JL6^7?1<,@VS).;
M@:U2+T[ZG+LFZ.R?]7[J9NG)CDOV*ZVO]3^&Q=E96&ZYQ1VR5OS]RDT%&


MU@WE`1N.


M='


FO9X<R[WY.0F<?'UK<BU5U35&2Z7NCD:ZQHJ
M4WS
RO-2_^M;\&6F:W63E


&KGN'`

MBM2+SB6NDD
.=;^9DR3EW.T'A;[(T@K7^-2
@


MP6!#&1VT

M=2031@)/1@)T3XZ%+.T+P).-=4?6S#$=]Q

M0NO+P$X&`AG8RT`H`Y$

M4Y!`0?8*$BI(I#Q$!%*AY[U,SQ`:&)@=

/+4*B6SEX$1N&#`RA(+Z[!0D4)]
M@H0*$BE(/$2$0F$/$0JE#7-$=I+FDJ4O&TSWPP<V-`8:;LD)&+]%+'Z]4!
M20?X+`+VD,X=UL05W;'K@KBP@8+L%214D$A!8HK`V0&8!4&FCP2!0P+3XQN^
M0J6?$8<0BN)09`.!0;B4


M!4'5C]4CT:)Z#('FW\G@.-)6M:5!5M^9?(;00RXYI^P8`MVQ)W+'XC0$+&B8



MCV7-J&`
M


M[K5BRXEJ;


M_





#G




KJ]H


I@)1`*B`UD`;(TB:.
M6F+.R;\P?UNU-105YO;7C?NQ$!W(O-`W]/=\+R0K$0!(@*9`,2`ZD`%(
MJ8#40!H@2YLX]J9H[=C[N

M&B!+FS@&HRSE!(
9:==@3


/#VI
M=!I8)).HV/NCG25H3R_W[8O[?Q.F&R7^M0.EE&88\B4VT89[57KD
A;64U




]]5/9H/U;RZGI&].3NA]M/.[H,'D:&COO?Y
M\,:[NTQ42EPW190ARA$5B$I$%:(:48-HR8A2.WI4U\XF+P([_TP1&W*F99^(
M';)MWA';YAT9C]KLAZ[NO),N8;TDH.;FH30X9REBG/M9SZ8(L5C]Q:F4`%1





%R8RE5'&N_5Z)OBH@BDM&

MH*


MJ$)4(VH0+1WDVN]O*7S'6/@RTK

M$16
K+A:JM1P%*U40#37B!I'L^O.=
RCX4\N:^FRU[_($:2A)1)T-+3$+
4A

MO!K1

MD$H5@E17*4BE*D&JJQ:D4HT@_`QA;

:($
M48HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:(&T=)!KOU


R

)(;1T+HJ#;

MA43[4A#FVQ
ZJ`861-\\?E\.8[1X$190U(Y%4CJAF)&3UXS]OR1+5$IFE#)R
MEH-'5/6Y=M35!O6%2HGZ$M57C*RGKT5*+_\;1$M!`\;W*\

4HJ'_7
MS7.22`0T)











M4I_VJTZ\)UB$9`

MN2D=L0\5\W-306(+U?1S4S5BU7M9(AE@6U+`9;Z
IC;NILU$8W'W-SKS'4

MD[:A%OI(9&X^6


06^C]OWDQV$(O\)&V

MI--75]&7^:WIZRY&YN_O'[;;@_R''NJR_WK`3_\7````__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M````$`








MTK_O_:WW#L7-.D4D%?N%,14Q+T*XFFB1;P@%8A0RUTY.^OAYX
Q4C6NT8R
MH(
$%LB]8F8JDGO%7D,5BXCHK9G
%X%.2U6HW-O

A%C:



RY([&;OB8S\!;Q55YYCN@*'^@!/!)3W1W]/F

B?X'ID\=
M0??_`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`J
8^3W04```(9P``&0```'AL+W=O







M7-P][JBUJ9]
#_RQW_]I3+//!E'E


#6J1F[\_GK;)\=WG
H,.
MUZ!?K-^+M_50P'UK?OGU2[[@Z!?Z@N0MG[C.`NXQ\PO5B9H703G5QTS7-ZH

-8@T2#48:I!ID&N0:C#4H-)AH


M-)AH


M(`F0$9`42`8D!S(&4@9`)DF0&9`UD`60)9`5D#V0#9NL3K?^IJK_^/3VEC

@*9`
2`YD#*0`
@$R!3(#

MLG6)UX&4)W@=6`56+1
V/G^[N_USL*^RG(:.[5``58551L3OUXJ4^5UI
JQ`

ML6$IA;3MNMY_IQ9[3R

MV7

0'6O1HJYD155X-JG+673JBGHM3^$]M'SG7(8T


NH$94?U
M6I=7?GEB1:YJV1$X2M_B*/



1SAA=EAT:G'?4U
O90)3'

M)-CNL#B^@YGS4+4*

M/T$T0I0BRA#EB


M]7
MV%-Q4\XJXFO

M&+D1^X4.V*V1&[$SJA[JEB$[HUX5X@40.]JTW@G:N8I

-9
D'YMJ;SO8


3`BOB)@7L

Y%`OMHC/(5M:)N$Z[M3IZ-AMQ%;B+&4DSC+?6=#J


M8ODI:V'X;]Z]]3KIE1F%AR.E`@4#[I@(`Y6`#*V5
\XC1M*O
:-J]/7H+6K_


M


6O%3AI8^]LY9!H
$

M\A$C6==21J*=
:IVZ2!HZ4`F9XM2VAMUU++O:J4J


M11DHD45TR7S+
2.W1=OZ


L=
M@*^THDW+G(%6*M`7@/AQBKJH5A)*U9:YDEG/40AR8^YHLV-R8!R,!4+LHVS
MWC&2U2%E=-1?QE:5/_H`!;C+V00#Q-!D0VYKFNEL\NM76K5*HMS$N532B;,^
M8!^*E;1JI=5S[S+4GVJ);46RXHH):[FCT5Z7.QH;Y55PGJ%\[LE[:RMNMAH


M%-*$(T0I8@R1#FB,:(T031%-$
T1S1`M$2T0K1&M$&T=9#?K\V)]'OG^YU
M%LU3=!`&EK4D\@D$BO[.HZ:_+$8L'+


M1A08.:



1'K#J))NMR\Z^H


BYXE&/8[82CP4C\3AI\@AS:\H5916:
1+Y.2.17[Q)



IU'*)^REH2\


B=&&%7

MT]'?UY6SCDB/&8ETP3HB/6%42=
LXY(+RSJN8.B8<Q5

M]S_
EZ]?F&=O-;;?#-_I]J^K?%B5#*C$O*]`O0DE/2HIYXPJN0X[_6NZKH8Z

V;


M-5UUHY_V9=^\#=]0ATK
F^Q8
J!V&S2V&[WJTA\VEM`;+WWS/@NJT:L=5-+D






MD!9S0QK3_\US

MXGQG

M1(C$B.R[1/$;=@W%[Y^7+(NN;95F+`7I%@B:T0VB'B(;!'Q$0D0V2$2(A(A
M$B.R[Q+%L)%F&_0AS$
J
Y9^KRD?

.!LV*

?Z**




M:N_NF4G(A)HDI(9V?WO3^V6K&[)(61F7S:S'ZN_;:O5W5(;^/3[G\]/9]_7
MN_UF^W(U
Z'@[/UR]WV?O/RY6KPGS^RWRX'9_O#ZN5^];1]65\-_EKO![]?
M__
5P?X
MW]V7B_WK;KVZ;QL]/UV,AL/)Q?-J\S*PO/=*1K;AX?-W3K9WGU[7K\<K
AN


M6WU^@N?^






M6VL#BP1Y*58D4215)%
D5Z10I%2D4F2A2*U(H\C2)9X+88I[+OS)^6YD8
F`

:@4215)%
D5R10I%2D4J1A2*U(HTB2Y=X_H:=



M4=DU



MA7W_F]K&7;^.KU
F*13!3HBC
$;DQC8A7JI20CP#
D*LE1-BJX(0:Y6$V*HB

MD.
@92L3!^/9V`^PC/KB`
NY=U1058L7+*5$0Z'0KBB)BR\X8D7)

AVK(







R*?JU($
G$R)$'=6$#K:64E6
ME/[+M*PB`^YL08@[JPD=[:PA*^QL+).

^\@40[ND)CVQ
M;ZK:GQ@!6PR[^P8DU%@Q\`(478K<,T8K;P[8AA`E-U2LH)*KUO
HDN17&=D



XB\.7

MF7
XY#=
)[VD





L!=+)CG3_G)BZ;25


FJI*8&O).F!99_3+%E
IV@%3](6IQ
1:AFI\*Z;$^*^


M*YFCZ]BNF8RKS%-%'(4Q(B\^,(B:



)]\A(G\S$R5T3%8\D@DA'LD4D=F#


@-9D*


&ZX

MA-`[RX:5IV
(
2$R$M$I.OQXA/]DI^6F;3


1:8W_`[%O#C.VOX?MS0?
'U
M8;L]T/_`35UT/^=S_7\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!PV?D_DP0``-\0

Y+GAM;*R8VY*J.!2&[Z=JWH'B



09





V8EJ24H(@M$EHAX
MB*P0\1%9([)!9(M(@
@.D7V=-`SK:X;)!&T-H$!QB:/7&96'DCM&=F#CD=L1
M%VGZ*$E;+:!S;H*+,H(V-!5MK:'V@ZU5$'5`'F(K!#Q$5DCLD%DBTB`R`Z1
MO21P$(06-HP=W#,63GREKS_H%1Q[QF0NV#19DIK)$M1,EJ!CBR-VW:T)6.I
MOBM_)9']$8.[TD5]58B?.T!4.WBLU?=*=(-$M[IHH`J5HMK.L5/?*]%]7;3A

M97DI@SJ./




M;^.X%7TOT/]@^'UB4;8E*YC

M0[:ES
/
/OQQWCW_?O6U]NOV%I?@^^'P:Z#^[3%`OO-


/4WBT_!R5_=W[X55?YU]IN_(!ODU)IC
M.*.)C)#]




M8!I]%=.D#]
8.CU
?2:Z7!?54F@$SK*M([-8E66699S2

M\3`6)4]Q#12(PLQ+;U@JD8QV5)3+%!(&`1@890\C.M7(9Y_*(JA'[@I$]N
M)&`EX`C`M(55@)@D;]^-H=.MNQ$X1*


$ZR!9Y

!
4)47J
#B



MH_2(#08R7S8#5T+Y6J]9H`$BE?S55_E$MMR1)Q.$R/Y.`GPR6#^U#)A9Q-
M:P
DD&SZ'0
Y]&XCQM9&X2B'%W#PCN&:P6FHYKE151SM*.Q=5`''QKACL$8B
MCB)



MO9LY%.(HPO4&XQFN%VS*7]AN9UVJG6DNO:Q1B%6(HPA7&'QFN$)P)9Y1N5#+
MHW71




127GKGFTLIBV

MNNNNBA+:K\X%TM$L#IKN

MK&NAK4L?+#I@E@8(:70=O0HWU&$BQ4N=KU4%V!#W!-49H%TK0YP'H9.B7$


QLH/)H:



0JQ!'










B(T7K*


:+9^Y8/NU
MNH`1DGR+?1+B*,+%F^[(39ZVH4'+R6T]Y^V=HWQ;-4JQ%&$ZQ16=D-GM+`+
M#UY*:+^@






0J

M8M#N$5E0#675LZC@%..%2@^)C!2T_^8ZL4L13G`U8B-#TQ^ZR?3+VC89L)(2




$/Y\-[

M2P


(!]OOBYRF+#]7




M'I`@_)C%%HJZ!-.LS3:KAET

A



P7KQ=



K%#
NJ$0&[.D\+&F1D0[
/V\ZT'BM<9U@HG*1$&0.78N=3_B=03_

M`7C/6#L\X!^
%]?-_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%0VOFBD!```=!
`

'5L#(EI=Y7

M9U[0[P^]/$X+%S-




MYEM:
*@V]$EV8


Y%`12%-+XADIH1G0`#^=?)42@


MX`34F
!$K*X@QC7$`WXU2=AZ=Y)RDDDR&-7IU3Z6!FK,LN-K4C`(`5Z4Y`
M3H)JD@J


M2
`HQZ3+RA+\J!&((2N3@+&R#U[5?M


MJP5]G


7O:?43H8:M#%4
M#;JACEN&*K^MJ8/<?R52:+LBMDPU+_D+B<5!:('B4#PD@/O`')6[MB*99EP


U?R\RM;5MY
%S&U8FUA7=_\

MD]$L@.SC



MB=_!G$TP
54&2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRWO6W8Q
J29_=$L5Z%^P^6Z!T\

7R%O6N0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88JK1L2VVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?D
MIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P


M=4W@K
S6KZ1$0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU769O8G
O!Y+EJ
)A;$SH;!/T0







`U!!7?4

M?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%]
2BS:IG60'


MYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C:SNVTM3@V9
ID.3[!C'&.^E!4_9O'1?7#T#GPVF#$E








M1C#`M-T?C:\




MC&
X7-[LW3MQSP/7C9R49D?P^


_:(14:K1TCJM-


!C)*!!`_)\&EZ
MPO

M8Y67`-!5N[UY69%]#;#9!$_\X[8)?`FMZ_1E
MTG;X#7OD&P;6'/(






:F4JL0XA3

8JE(D@:`J0U)+J$J1%(.J'$E
H2I%



Y;\9G#
M*+\:GZ%F:QE%G$;*F9]7B?`\0`$*^A6&=KF


MR;R






D$!(E?'E7\A%^X;O78YHF

-\^+&F%S_YI*#I=R).P1&

JD.T\HG/@+1+:4&7IBFMO-XU<-<FP05[0YK2`O;)



&E*J[`C6('2`G=K2BNW
MHPF&([0&@KJ_JK0C[ZNX550$%Z55V)'WU;Z@KU):A1UY7T61F^(J[`A4B;Y

$E;&P(Z_[@:#N=S
J[_&&H


[]CP\I0U`QG_!^*#D-/D4D]W'/;MZ2UI^?


3G;Q)X+
MKP`;S@%E0G0V^4.H
M;O\'``#__P


M22

M?_

?_=5U^5P^O\
M9E!NS.;YE&\N9\7-8

QA/GV3#V7*Z




?*WXK%(W&D^GQ4+I#([

T2]LY+VDR=Y
9Y!





MW7_?CD&8(?^


S[KE?[JY



7#F^2I?T]RSM%G9
]@WPDX
BC+#;/HN=22F^?:@VE^][AO[


IX;=S4RN\A''R!6&



&SE*S7?YTK79-

+%[]GWV_L/Q
M3RO3-OO*G%Q.9K=E=EG

D_G-?#*[RU'NU?;4'%-[UOUK




F56.&@3HPS^RB_/


*


M^$JVWK[9RGX%Y@=L_@E&8YL:&]?Y'FQD?V4R\.EAK`OI3\W0R*7U!MN=AL
M:JX5


OBO&%

M*

]@2Y`F;^[


KZ[1C6I4$](A






MM7:(47+




%

M&2J6RV#+%K

MG[RN@Y!8XU`HII8=84SOGJ;NK[8%2H^`
T.#6
V[F@K+X4*DP7]6'!_#5=-C



MT$0YC$0(/(X4IXT`
S'`L-[&&J5Z*((:8F+B$IP=B[9'XHXY%JL6T+^!RCH\



_DW0[H%HF([8`ADF
MV8`0`F^6;3C5DV%\Z[A&2S6Q
I]$??FWT:#HKB3H[*&A'-?MC;KB[A22DJ








P#G?.12Y,'LVF:@)])E7IQ.P4Z*DGC`\,=E
M@6EB,\$;)(21&DM[9I8294_!_`WEP4+D]2'%-&R$UU!-=ATB:=6=NH7EAWP

E
MO.S9*+U%S@LU#*`/5J*8Z!(L8W8!KZCH9/[720/-LZMP.*G.4F`F@!H`:BI%


M1%--KK4)(JJRUE!U@Z23WK1GP^Z*NZ2.:V_*(&*`K2IC@\


#2AT09%$
.
OCY<+C8S

M+BGX

PUS\+AA;'7L)3S*Y3FD5C%(GFA.H@@0*$K`\(_F%YQBIV^



'VO;86Z/`


M/J@^R1LAAOF\YV^[!Z!I/]P)LR


M`^!O:6%9LAB:'J0A[/X46Z3-
HMNHTI`B6F\:0


M^E)O-C.O#TVIV


M




M
)YRDT!`W2#4I;^^0QUE

M=%E2C[
(V7;S_CI;Z-E;I@3#FK*RT#AA/*\)X?93/H+AY:XIGV*AVVEF2Q
M8O
ZZY5J8A/C#0

:T=?_4&TT.:CYSX$KB'CUHH`!FVU8=3G




M/;[P=Y$_$2E!-EPQG[&TR'J#B!
!$%K]G+)8=4\$(ZCU%B[?2032KELC3D(\


L!M?




V$/_4F(V3A7\.N[(0LOI98



M8:8G[#WW3XTB0M/.[JJ(-D:[%D?SU/8@/HMABEEH6Y[%X@2


M)\EF8$


M]4(5)2(LVRNP
1W_!HUC*L1'-




*^Q:'8O-%I]DBT/39&^


M)^`/AW0W1%R0IM8=&^0C9.

M

*J(T=[$1


9/$#'P%55
0O@46@049V*A4@95[V#FL*K&
'KW[V


/,=4VO7WO8]^
MG)NDV2U!9Q\M97,TVPBTK`E&'7IL8.ID<&Z=Y#O^@3P@5$6)/'C=
GM;_P$
MCF66GYUQJ!BH/LRVMU^N;V\^_UUV1B\C:1DKCW5&/&&3X;
;4-ITN:@+;XA!VX6*Z`.D.C]NG&UDW^WNGMA($$<*6\L

M4!^1






+RLE&GCE5D5KY?$5G([).=W#@1+2


EO/OJ/4K)8!
5QKVP!?&8+
'QME7CY

/

XLT=UC



B!6_4

M7VR




ZLE1'Z@0H1NWC\I4)][Y!?8KS9'3C\



MOC

M6M79/`/+`:?)MWK0!$ZRVWG'$G
_+78YGHQ3%DEJ?.TD,'SKX=LS\%`)24


MI9+H\)O?2-R](#L'



Q_%M]6JU5X[+!/JS5HKINA=1=&M=I?




MM#UZMC$06?YWVQPC8PB+-V^O$9X`MP
R+


O+49L7?__8!`6M_
M&@2I_;$'\.U/*PEJ?W

9R0)0?
MVL.8(FF=9I6BEO2OAAIMR.5(\ZJ+0'M_ZLO&W*W_8IB+\Y[]`$=J]UO+CC9V
M2?IZ+T


M5&=:S0X:KY092:P6699&4S?(J#0M184763?I-U_;75AO-J8*;95PB1]*
M(0`DY1-^




)VM[8?OD;:]8T@M2P


@G:I[87


H4(PRJ-U
RB*\$=+`+L*'^P[81TO

M8A9;`#Z*+3T4&'$V%--K#7=4R($H7ND



%UD]K%QT8I9[*]D.T
M/K4$!T;9D
&/N==EJ?&W!/1E;9$ZZY1^A
\+&96.`4AIW9;YPWK\1`1.EQ2U



`S\;S!H+I'%X?P+?A0V9OH
MGO5I!.A67L9RN

Q]*2;C

%5')MV['MGO$3QH&



FY0UDA
M

UM%PHX6*%29FIQ.7;F3HPN/5
46R


M;+8&JO4


).NG*I7P!!]ZKPV?PEUKZ18[!K=7G2=*-YLZ$,4<W3F)F$(_QXMQ]#
M1T=@MZ!EM*MP0#P_`5;0#8+_:'J*J!/8&;QJ63LPD<T\L]@)V73#'CX+W)6


!P-T+Z(X9B
`

VPR%!]NNA.1&M63_A(F
M^PL
S:JML;I@EV22.]CPR^&IC9PN/9R)JGUGXC6X$63[\:(<+G&866D#
MKE'BY;]D3=LG-WL6=8;!0=




8

%$)0J2W7J8%PE_E
%?
MBUW5O




M'*6K;6N'W@HO
$WYY89W)^*CVGEI)KFDC0)Q^R*FJ66&NF[O!VW)=*'KW68N

)=K5H.]H6PIF2_%







MBC.0*


MU#(SKX^@(8U#JB9E&7M\B=D'=:MCQ6*:T%F#)YQ?JY#^+Y6JA7.Y8F]R98`H

MS9)-YLEA-


/%1_I%WT=*XW!.O!2:72Q+7]/


M4F5AG9R+B$HY.CV&&J4/T1)E;8AAS$06W:9ETEF!S%!G1!E9*YO'T#-/X'[
M%E`FE042I'X(?6EKPSUT=R0KINY:PTNHCQP@_C*(MVNG)GU*`0J1)S/S8?Y

+9I'QBEWJ+!E=Q`=IU
MFFFJC)UP:

ZB#6G5VD1

MV'/;GU4(M_W-5^KA?NVS;]H?CG3AO%:K2;`R&2*/^=&8'NRDQUN[&`IY7]`D
M!*8P4;.QG'G!)7P`TB3`(6?U%42`G*$03C3*-+L]6R_54*N!B?H*S.5K-U32



5*EYD'Z!&4N!1?FW<J+14##^NPN



-H*-__`GI1



!V
M
W_ZU;@E*


M;%-[PP+DQMR6+2SKR3[#*A\)G-.F@M31.53\I#?8_K6
?&XU=W1;4X56=HJTR30-)2BIU076K-B30+Z*F4






MGLCJ$K;D:]#

]B4L1.MU5IU=MKH`5ZB!W2KK8)D%
#2(M7+R)*8??DX/^^N

M41*FLI\)N'.O78?F2=1\7
)U[05!0]X7YF^RY9J#%[-#$]1V*(4RN?9OO0

(&VW8&:N+H


MES0LHVL#4=Z5ZV#GB?T)4K`86;_

O8)!YNQ1VSU.$?
;X0WXL%G62X1**`/




?\6:
B_ZIE(#0T\HQIW5M)C.46V9(I46\D.WZ
8'G*OC`^1\R.+HS@B5D

H\D1(;AKF(%4A&DW:!

M)X*C).V?2LU@
!&IM+\_




6D4-69LN08]4*WD-88XW11+P%)W0%L5=2



M&]/28Y[V:?C;%(RO+%-59

GS#A%-2GW4+P'A=:3<\?:X


P#G-39:TVFV(G3@D^Q]QC84]Z
M4_(DY0^A1E7L.V$:EY_-[`)7Y*Q:P\=CQ9!(;N]$F*/BGB4
9N!P$4B#W1FW





M:&VU2\NWHD/#57I5N:=FX
O8(GTF!9;B
C



MEYW^DA?.KCP8T5TJFM)Z0'$QHD1:9LK




MHSCJ3'+=P8\Z*CD?+9&0QG^;:B85N_DA.H\N.:,M+/]B-7@`S\@GW[SD;^P
M\?P1*L\7*__WF0X`BE]%H1Y-!IG)8JY
E]O/#$W0
M3'#




\?P(&I+TJ/'%`G@2`%75T2_BNU[
M1J03]'Y+7&\(H


M9J*

MG9D/JHN8:#$53G(3
$/S1!-J2F/8;=O4IW:/BHLFE0;5HRN:G%K^HO`:*-3%
M01/JLQ
OVNK4@P(J%*_F93?!#*ND\HHJK*``RQYFAK`GIEX:C:DS\A81ER
`


M8M9^$IAU`(=N#5$=K
A7'%7SP$:G)DC\2A6&2'/M=2S@.8
3(3R(0E8:4Z
M(J&?6I*Q$55A)0U*/W$?24:^AE9S(U
]2BP?=Y:R)_0!_\):O-!`FS&,D71
M2PW?05-IM4$J:`

M7^F8H2_9CHLR%52E'D37)H-&!$&
XA0-)=LBD[2W@00)B$]RR1+HZ^1((E6D
MAJCTD0)#S#!?K\EBIXC=T^T%=T0*(W
]'8

V3^H4280'
MDJ)ELX0V8)8IUJF$R5L2_J'=BJ-&OH[=IP/PHB'5

)3F#L#4L_Y5ZT4!
Y=H%`P01/22

V0E@(DC6
M-L5EO[`N&STU]HK'(!55+;/'T2<27%Y#\JQ4&@B(UQSZV[GQY%I;;1/MB)1

&;%MH]\



MO.JANZ


J^+^S;2$2R'\



MCG3]_3_=?F^_TS(&)G[%



LCKK-T\7)K+)T12DQC)I4;6A%Q)&N+W3B9!$&

7;DV?J'#

22(XMQA;BQ_7$$1N)X*AHNBY+;^W+/*6\&9%U.IH2.UBPFM`M/HS
MX^4)PJ'$VQD?X^*XNZ%-BZ=X20:T^*D\68$@LVUQFL=U;F=++ES([P(U/1[

M=P)2^UJ=EQ$5






MD-E!FTO77.E[M-LD:
20OEU/=?.V'4G&9^J_*^1O;6+-;X$ZD5`17Q/#3[U\
MOVW

M_9859




5OC1#TU
[LI0HD\&L_?+]?1#KZ#UK0
M_-34.H=2

M3M+D8R$?Q\+MICB?2N&-\


MTR\2Z
H[1I%Z4TL9#P%/%@8T!97D4.&7XFSI+#3ELVP%ZV[0-A0:R@`?`8%S






_3@#





S.]0
M1(#C$\I6YQ0XMVAAH



M8M*1$D;-N#]U+AF1Y4]L/X^'IJ^^9YR!KV*5%0O&[:!E34;0)6\A*X=!;7I0

D7A.

AV63$7%+1EC


M

M^DH5TYC=ORS2'O+63+0D+2J]W;=C%F^E.


;5N\G9G;[96B-Z^=*'+B^XZE6$UH

B^XQ7&
MK\C`



M/



M@O;.ZF)%#LP]OH-E7IN5Z0KAC-+$#Q)F$*B))$XM@$7`*@/R:4:J_.F(5J

&P1VXC

M8I9-3VOQ+#3%]N=Z4NOI78UD92&1!(EY(:[+8D_'QS:L-]@6HL!IU&
;^I:G


M.A6ER8!L%^2WSGIN_DQ.852JP



Z&B^E;/@O$&P5


MZ4_


TMCMBSFJ1-0$;9RX-R(RAT7)JDEI[Z/]:8N46V!KE)(

-J-8


M-L/


M%6_UFYN@M]@)HO:'=D2E:

+38;#U=+5YS=G1WUVCG0E






M76^K.!!]7VG_`^*]`9O/1$VO+E3=O=*NM%KMQS
E3H(:0@3TZ]_OF'&Q/30I






&3@
MC];9B&WQ?.C_;%Y_%=5NWT.Z(]B1W-AJ\WXONA(4A3`+'LE(97


M^&$;&4+2066YK]QX8!$`84PE\618!#1W/F2+(R04]L/+`6#J]96(+7+NQA




#U#BX$;FF+-=$@YBQ`D!+(A\MI5N61^$.G2QFS:



=/54Q9I98;Q7
5`;5-N
MC-O*767[;.K[(5$D4QA


M0E35(0;UBF/RPI2K$$K.5!]VF]95K4%^F9(T1J0E9@J#BL4!
U96B31;0[3T
MHW/4_E=KX-/68#BH4@XQH-^8^(BX=*[BG

M&I[8BY
V(

M`4$:+$G]Y001@QV/1]8B)R]&3+.8YV3#+-O):!_*%`:5NX%KH9$`G@!K7!N*
MS8ZT@LO2!=
60-^C











M?WEZKYLO[;XLNPEX.+5K9]]UY]5LUF[VY;%HI_6Y/







UJ_/

Y!A@&N`'
0.*@$Z;03]`IO`B=.L)$


M%?56MJ3816$GBA2K?UEYUW\@707*


15F+S3(:NRCFQ).D





H1)11LO%I3F


I)
B2-+CTY&H9QC$+BM%%L./#$



MJU


M
!R./_\/``#__P






MO__M\;



W:CJCM9A:ET-.Z

@#JU\\E(UYZ];Z'(Z67\TYWK_



MKCDLXD40*

ZQ
86%SAEA9;*DT%BH8%BL(K&P
%H@9
M5JZPL)FPDB+QL5#!L%A!8.5CL$#
L+JEZC;:$IL)RWJ*CX4*AL4*`@LRCQG*
M[64.8H:E+0.;+UAQ[F.A@F&Q@L!:C
$,6`QAU@D:B910VQA$O1,)4H8'L(

:HG%+^U(FNR11]^VE



M9RV&5R2@R@PPN


M&\STB4=73








]_$2K97#PSS^P`A^=HZ82S1M._KMEO3=UG4)Q@!/

M9;1

11D9'ZD5$4ZMN7).*SRE(!=R_72)Y1.9&BF]^V.Q)Q

MIBB6KFM(_VZU%86ZLI;48?*XD2.)I@V\Y!J&CU$E6';(HB\NB^RSM2=.O`

+4G4C6+I50RO2*Y1J9)A

MQO;B9C..\NQ)VR\A[&N2WYCI_0JAE?DL*EDN<.#KG]G&EDTN.@M



MJYPV'5CL2$W$4V]J6TV^NMNWE*%=#7D_^G.4#][]S9E]0W)&.2V%`W:N`CW/

;Z6JJ0HS2YD2Z)#=L=LNP/@^;1;A<NP]0T_RD2<\UOJ[8#@I9
M0&F;30(N\([04(HI]
O+
+!)L60;7%

M'W@YR82?ZW2ITHSP7J2/;]\8SUX?U_ACG?]RT:78Y#:JFBJ-OC5
]D$S;HU)
M0*.3C71R2EVFDV*3+M:KEBK-E










0#]L-U9^%$/O.#VUXLQ:@/

VZ

MUS


+1`Y


_!$$T



MC1;-G8.G!`I%%9$QDQ3L:&#J75






6411D
:ZYGGJ@%,-=936B?VA4?3`%$H#F@$




MPK2`*


8!TT/
MI[%8QYD?_@3C:7D=8%,;#@0]2E'E$`T1JA:RY(X;Q#A3UH\XXA3A6.%*J@
M%X@2B
@G[8SE6
W;!Q

]891EK#]BX[3C;`GMEA@N


6Z^Z..*+=

M=]5(&D^^`M$8(265



4_(DK&+YLVP7Q6YBIC_K)&\QG=*.+R^K/2G.CWU@



MPYR`:






MY4[H2%YY6U:

M

M4(7









M!O.A#7'7Z@@A%40C1$J_X';
#*2!6+]NQ(/]AZP@Q'NM^
&B-4=
0
9VR]
MB!F*]MQ@
WQ(*_


#K[;D%$E;*$24X&B-4Z5V6UT8L3[1G1X)B*+*BY%7L$4

M9H2\

I9+!O.:($

M+B-


?04Q_

M971S+W-H965T-3

M\X?@$Y_\MGA-3U\8*;Z1#H/9T;9@`.E]Q)Z5\@E2'8OLF]5`WXPJ\`E.C;B
M)SU]Q:2J!71[`07)NM;%4X9Y#H8C1


G2!;^(GZ;Q=6*

VGJEL?'VR,LD^;Z9^_?:<S9[\7X
M<B5N/PW.H=K0)+K1#^8R]9'O#X!6\PJO



MN*14#`_R]AG_%&S_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`-'92*J`&``#
'```


8N3



7L@
(+*8J3X(^_4M[`&L-_!E@6#F$:,TL&XH%`.A
M`L*J3*WK:PG`-)'16D\D8C1;!V::<H)@EGZI(F!:#L

3(
M-F!KM8(BT[D*8*G9)@4!1&]W

M@@'T-J[
1$@)25@(U*!RV





C!&$`
M<08[5+K#R@DB]$U$01





=[S;[EAUGBY

M!RC!?`[Y^#\```#__P




M9\KO6K9/WL=IO)W&IPB\#7%B$7A.DE=FZF\9@L(-4MHM(K!
:]MH%[X=\G7R


/`Q#88##%8(;!'(
%!DL

MQH1XA/B$!(1
)D2,B-D3LBD4A*T+6*M%`7.F%HK?S%]
!E(@C$`E@;51
MD(01S%VED=5!66Y8&LE(.H2





&KR68DK7K%:8#9::.4Z4J#*J^-):HJ\R2Z



M12.*7(K&%'D4^10%%$THFE(THVA.T8*B)44KBM8:TF/!3B746/S6-&R(LPU^
ML\!V




M6V=WGQGB)-0$G`+FS
RW7[6[9;E;C@_
[CP
R8]_2UA27^28^]]_'-Y'?U:G









MH

Y#YII

PRFEK#R)


YW:M-93/5@K:0&5@J
UIJ1#2
!
M(R$C$2
Q(PDC*2
9(SDC!2-EEVBAA*G.0BDVTAOGO3`#2P=4?V?B+XS@*A$D

I(QDC.2

M$X01/1N20#;P$ZPEZ<9?$=@5.NN'D;:@%:&A4)%._)GIF(U*&$F9G8S9R=FH
M@I&R:T<+K6A.^1F,0OM'_0%!^ZMM3EC18ZL(I+2-V]Q<=EL-AFVC'S:=I0]
M
Y;T0(D6S22RY@YT
'K1ADJQ;!
;



M


DM0
M);TY]M38Q%(4D+

$3G+$0TZ*U`EG;E3VS-N_I6HZ)EPHDF\(6VJI^RF32)M

V5HD4
M!8/.
E1UIQN[L@)5TIF]N&
I4F

M.2*R52`B6R6BGJ5?M&XW5*/J]
<L0D;<<T:W`E7JXKRE



M'SZ7'D+1J;(0PD-2L#*O_/@'R.N_Z,/=$HLG!)UPZE$JO=@?Y;;*MTV`L8

M'K[-*1Y[
LM4HD[CLU8JM?
M;+.IVZ`9?9LUCH


+*1G@&?;=Q
25H+/)
M




V$H;OMVK?0:7[C$52MFR6[90E

'+[OW]1NU/.WVV^61
M_KE_OCB\[]?+Q[+3]O7[W2N+K;+S5N[4@CWYVCLGIXVJW6T6WW?KM^.E<A^
M_;H\TO4?7C;O!ZAM5^?(;9?[;]_??UGMMN\D\77SNCG^68JV6]M5F#^_[?;+

M]=-=^\$+%\%E^^+^MG30?S?K'P?C[ZW#R^Y'NM\\CC9O:_(VQ4E%X.MN]TV9
VWCR_'G<EW1'ZL;QS^C]6%%'B69

=DH






M+0:P4$6O9,7QY(7)Z('-![H+!4
7C%PP=L'$!5

';!Q`53

'?!P@!60&B$0$):':L7PU1(ZH7K7M&C?@W5[;#^Y4-S;3P^$02)!8
MD$205)!
D%R00IA(-!QH)
!)D*
A-D+LC)%9(:`H7(5'3^2?G,25#4R%5
MHC&1W3A!TD84\).1?^/,=H.3$2(91(+D@B2I()D@M2#(493(6))(%-!
M9H+


A)D
M+
A$D*D@
T'F@BQ



B'5SH$K7NW;FR`+M


M6EE6=:2E!)&(87559EGOQHE!@G8SS;2*F69.$?'2MAS)HDS359IC:[KMN\


(UHXWA:O(*.

C-/C)C#RA[1B5@!JX]&M&




LRM-AW4E65\







HEZB0



;]M+#S

MH6[\/EUR[173!=?:!W0C-2
_=


M4+;0V_M0O9NO:?$[H7J)6]?B44N=&KW2IWNL:Z%O'$+U!8-4HY?AH7K57=?B


M971S+W-H965T


WKIJBN:]
:






M!9




M6D?_Y3S%9%0'!(&I3QJ0J38@?1$:YQ

^7]%Y-5

M&`(/1`V!W8CPXTMUZ_SXN#E


M6SK:
4(JP;E&!%7GBYM

MB`A'6#4(QXBXL.MJF_X$K]_)$-L//F`0WSXJ&1)(S9#V!#M+5

H=A9!/D4!12%%


)VZL&1P1T^\^!7
_!Q_T1PIGU+3_FO

MO[`;]/\?LOD!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#28%GW[`4``.L6```9````

D3`





O#VGQV_
R9F]9F-1CT9U5^=-+_1G=J/N*V
MVO]274IP&^:)S

M8$1D8/[^6U!V!3@*

M:..E[/JH(HJF4;QU?5/_16

M$!GB#1_5E@/)+






Y%
UE4
8F4--BEF4@;;M.-M(&JCN?-(*-Z



*D9


M7A9S)&]?][PL90T]^C)O:FNG;

M:^K-=P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`0Q$YW)!@``T1H``!D```!X;]W





@\N#Y3RJL3#`#^#LXEBP8XDGU=6!YT7.[:(_PW?O`G

DEKD+\T;77^AY

/]S\6
M&O`I-)R'B6//O

MM=ER7E=O`[CR8-V::\:N8R=@PA@/OIA]8+Z7%P@*4WED
@L+K($H-!#RUZ4S
MGLR'KQ#
7'!6-S@Z8XT
ED(FNS&!T`0B$]B:0&PB0FDC`$6WIO(*/_AS=
MAGF#LUHA(

MZO:-/A/NV-


M(%NQ`1))*JB#91V

MD(0@J8IHIDP



!

MVG0C-E#O8FXZ&=T;A.`
[7/A3


N5MH?(XHL.EZ%-O!*-U#P)2



M:H:(;HPLJ9L@Q'4=CT1(J-R($*LI57]X/2V/QKLJ*D=4IG)(*X349+GFTX$U

M]L2W?:


^JK/R
M`GC\1?''4?`(7M$?5GX`#V=NX.

M_P





M




P?I]UOIUE!]8)




MXO\$2`HD`Y(#*840H@8R`3(%
@

MG'LP.C@72`HD`Y(#*840H@8R`3(%
@

M`$F!9$!R(`60$D@%9`QD`F0*9&83QV%4(Y_A


M488H1U0@*A%5B


0LI:A[HJC+S
D:J51'.&*$=4(H158SH%([D
M7=^86AU\0^=M[)K?-V^U:\[P4U/]4SC+4$;FZ(&\8OM)M@ABD[`-E5OU^4(W
M\#85J1I(FXQ1,ZQZEG)&.@&%MF-A;W=8JH$(5XZPZR]3F(._^AI+XK66*+3
MOT



MRN0S'

_Y@I
DE9BN:

D&JE0M2K4*0:I65*L2
MA(DJ-%7O&6,VYMZ8&=&@#DLDN/%/R.I^J*%.7B)()R]EQ$^O*/*649-[*C@
+49&G-OO3+2O!*SE9.C&BLG1S'2O)))0]7*!6G`%H)T1DI!JE4):LE1
MIDU`^.#
7

KI$1*66-E!!CV68N7VZ!T#
S=HYCI/,6]QCI[:-.^DCB]2!E8F5'F@58J5:)6I58M42';0PG3%_

(%VYCAPLC.UQ`N93^
MKVOEVVLO%59RO2583/UK!\NO9R&NJ#4&1C1BR$)0=R=L98II=36\X2)6?(8T

=*@B'N`

Z*


MWAL/

1

MS8$@:PX8R1Q$GDHF35KFP%28DAYI!)_:A?2Y3%6?C@0YIV.WWK%6S%;._#1:
M]NF86#5G6'W_+95
KK?
W%W%B+_8ANJ]6^1UVWV'^)AE]H
M2K#C$?FQU8WDQ58G#H;T1;X6'?)&JS/(%VVNH&\_#

ZW
MWU:ONXN7Y1
6]''/KOGN
MQ--FLY?_T$UU#K]A\_`_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`2LJ%!'83``!J
M;```&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q-BYX;6RLG=MRV[BRAN]WU7X'
ME^^7+8J2#ZHDJV+Q?9KUM[7CJTDJK$MEZ5
9MY^-4BT&L#/*%)F;L:3#XT?





Q72NE!XV3W0`]-^SY[4*#9J1


84E%_ZB%S







@(1`


_





MQ.FU
Q4Q6YF1!R.F;&6/Z'@L8ZL?C6B?0M5F&&;Z[^QY52G936N-S/#4R%P!




M6L3(V`*B?
)6EKR[[4O%BN4S1B*?HWS!5K:\LULMQ8KE*T8B7Z-\P\B6=W8\
R?0RUE8$B1C([,6HE;5:*:*
D6CE

M1B+?






MVN?S]C5DJX.)$;&5)$;
2!(C823R*:.#\AE;B7S.2.0+1B)?

M1+YA)/(M([Y?[&:UGLZ1K%;5*/


T;6G4'/W9J+%:_?

*$&4(LH0Y8@*16BE&-J$'4(NHL9/M-
MU63







*$&4(LH0Y8@*16BE&-J$'4(NHL9/MBO-9P\O70

L-
(S.'``5H%2**$
6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J$-6(&D0MHLYMB_&



MB'%?@Y$

162HG)$

M(

M.ZT@


M(=MOIQ4$YE@08&3FD+82%*!5BA%-*$*6(,D0YH@)1B:A5-J$+6(.@O9
MOOB'@)S+`@PLL]#[K-*8L4)$R`*$46(8D0)HA11ABA'5`J$56(:D0-HA91
M9R';;^K:_?BBVEQ?ZAM%-4:2,$M$`:(0480H1I0@2A%EB')$!:(2486H1M0@
M:A%U%K)],5X0.'TOAR6!N49V#KD/AXB5Y-^(Z
0K2)$
:($48HH0Y0C*A5
MBI$-:(&48NHLY#M-W6-;N:0*C#0.]9/WH

M(:((48PH090BRA#EB`I$):(*48VH0=0BZBQD^\VM1QPNALZQ[L#(7/NTE:``





Z



6GEK$#HY=24

=8`N]T6BAWGJ+?1BHX5Z;=%8






BBIKL2



M?&*+W=L];3(PBC(#
N:5




MS*N8$+H(E-48F5J

M@?4A`]EH:&[9#G0N`%^6!N^FRUF^IFCA$RY(E_CJV*

MY*'3AW2)NBP1





1#Y`&V@

M
PR/9ZS%@YGX]X@'4HJWFN$`R7O&VOX+&(W4D^OZ/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&


EF
MQ=7H!]18A9@[(X9'W

/R5'-XO+T0GKDKZ+AI1T+A**$3(A5%
MFZ`=[$)&C=P@7SRBT9P?\*Z)R7P?^23OJ86)
N4YG#ZVT:%(3`YNQ0$X3_

Q$=R2HWKW[$T_
MC4BCH:4[=.K.0A(L#O3)\LPLJA;=ZY
UD
2!VJ4;33RUB:A0BE(E$GP]W:19
M01-@%*SX6B,,H1P3-+PI7(T;SC0LT:-#(=@HGK








-(6(CR92(69B/3JU0-JC0@&'-(V6D%0'
M5:(V2ND@..HO/CT0/]6$C2;:/%DI+\PI2J7FT/CQ$@604FVB9:(FGB)!$A[

M$ZU0B#*.)J#J*[1`0;O21.-VVK*5K**%W(VD*-FJ


@@:JKD+LWZKB&

M**6#@&K?-:1I.VO12GM'[A52E
I
`/A
A31F9RUF



M2--V'DR\0G)CDJ)4A2P`]W@=9JX)'$T\-;DS25$J-4'@
R72G'4W*0Z]9!$Q
(47)S$J<$@7PZ0KY:-XB

4IXE



?A1VO)@#'X!MCS0&K_`6AYH

L#K?$V
M@N6!UG@;P/!


$[7)8'6N
=+LL#K?$*D^6!UOB)P?)`:[P49'@F

50\




M:&5E='

`Q]'[!_

PR[/




()H@4LIS(`!/KV#8&J`(


)05P98-8T!KA:AS

MTV*)
;XF-SI#94%8([E;F-H)GH;/PB:8]/F\XE@$H7/?+@XZ:X)=51J+(85I

+8M!J+32MT:'5.



2R_E1QQ&8$)9+SMS/2EM
MPR&,2AKB;`6'**W7V4H$*Q$6]&QE!NCWI4QK.B1S(F!66W3CP4!?4B0O-<?
M4O=EWHSC36_B[21.]'#F$-I.XV3:EW@6)[

V!%

X[SE7[
M@@FZ_P_KOP```/__`P!02P




E[%]
MYV^SR';W.Y7/;X)/?/+;XC4]?6*D^$HZ#&%#F60!#I0^2.B70B[!8??J]+TJ


:XC4T&B(4O5/#+'
M=+Z0318


)1SUE!6DP/
M5?T@:*]NZH$*&(;J9PWO/@R][#D`+BD5PX

`4$L#!!0`


MEF.'N


;-]/V;E60<KLF-8P_^J07ZHVVFD[)MPI+;^]7V;;XG2!$*_Y,:]_-D&G
MD]-V\^7M7)3IZQ%X_V!^NFUC-U^L\*=\6Q95L:_G$&ZA)FIS7B_6XCT\K3+



ML@W$;7.L
G+-^JVD0[9ED
\R2A


:8&
M3@T)-0C#@.8





AEMD25]FKQ


M:0-
@20G8JV`P

#006:*09&-%U'](P#9IJ&*K`-$@?
MX#T23`.

Q;:)?QATQ
MKJUCF-/U3$V[%3+R=JBZL4



MDV)

\B;4;N15?8&-U-RVMS+82I]N(U

MI]Q)B:U/+%7F*HPJ1M+X8^3T0Z*H.7);A6@&)DZ!1OIAMXZ8+9$R(Q/5)VG(
M!)7@70A.CVR3/

FS52IO=Q

M`M$I=S+6IT^H+/
&)$B
G.ZZVQ

Z4K)8/QN&?+/4T
MX/+74]&^.Z9!-PJUE2I8=&C2IG






!A]G[3_8/F=&(=+`1&J


PY'TMLM=46`X)!9HHGG@FKBL0`$^DI.\
2`A[:=][

M16F\)
^04W[`K`
&)N*$Z2




M%5N.A;4M0U(VNW]?4D.;


M
AYV[=-XW77[A]FL7:S+;=%.ZWVY
Y95W6R+SOS:O
[:?5
6RW[2=C.301#/

M%O5V;UR\5)NJ^]$['8^VBX??7G=U4[QL3-S?15@L#K[[7P;NM]6BJ=MZU4V-



M41]@7G3%\V-3OX]


MF+



M'ATF*F%V[7RX?*=H=_7AY

MP*((BZ%.048!]X#Y6XUYW;NH%$.VL.F3W!FO[BN(M`#+)^D#F[*F'@&X1+
M.C9/YG/OGQ*W*H2(WUC%H%TX`']$UP5`^A0%M*GKK=K@050QFK00+!=R',

M0ML[=GG'4CCGNU'W#SP4EAHO;GP=
5:@:T;JP\(=HWU@V(&J9O7K)X^P80


M_P2770`YW8Y8O]'.!YAY
R%&Y?-#N3/IO'$%AA(ZV%69Q!K*R.E+QIP80_0.

M@IPZB

N9O


04`]35@]:8K


M
:/7?






1
MRNN$REU_$S0WQ8

#7A5U]WA%WL#?OS+A.?_
M`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`)]B#$/@'```

M:&5E='

RYX;6RLFMMNXS80AN\+]!T


M#




M![$.$AVD$E4@5V%*&-!80_OC5@US`MV0:EJ+,M6:V+#;6UX-2WA'B$^(0$

)!1LOWXY9$%413DPX
MIOKZT(MHVQFAD!XA/B$!(2$A$2$Q(0DGL$#@UQ5)X#2GDD#K)!3Y4EYAKA^1

4
&MHG[W7BGR=\/FW-AGK0J',202U5[+@;
MQZ)'%2I(A[*I+3+RHLH8%%!4TNKBH6155&$*C<KB@L6^]J.B/,TQ,$[FGG
M9MIK=7H^-[+4;5_KP(12Y]I)5V-H3:-D5<R3(:`(Q-U(2


44!12%%$44Y10

M


D`D*RUB

S/
MK4X613MA!8+UT0E&'@VVAK#J9^0AZF?D4Q0(I`A&DHC0L0\?(^K#)Q2E2GA5
M

:32@15IB0_IC(OLNU12A5
__.QC]&G//J*=_F
MIU



MA



C\`P)

MJR#\JX

$%``&``@````A


M;^)(%H;O5]K_@+B?@`T$@I*



?M6WG^6CT713V`AU-U-WRNZY?E:%1M



O=

!P]%

MYR&A+W2XEAWP*3M
-V#J\I?K



MY-Z%-=0:X:=A
[
56_?9Z+5H18B][1



$H991+UZ20J
MPE^KD_#H[-0M


*&&4
LH8Y1:R9/`_5W4W

MT@H%L/*5JHY6]#



M&AF;5

\\9(ZX4GY!9F#LR2]2EN7-8KO&22M-')T^@$,9K;9.U*&T




MJZCJZD.UR-S]_-OQ=?#K_GPYG-[NA\YH
ASLWW:GQ\/;\_WP/[]$/RV'@\MU






MSPHQ4H79P`:A#2(;Q#9(;)#:(+-!;H/!J4-JA884VB;^%)_!WQ%69$?#DR
M&P8ZX*X53%9PD\`&H0TB&\0V2&R0VBS06Z#P@:E#:H6,())(P2Z=%0[Y[O

M.R``$@*)@

2$HRF]6[#'?B3
VIW)?7IW*3

M#5NNVI:-_J#-=$=_C




9M,)JX5
MN(HEM3NS1\5VOCU[=8R*=L_)W3_MC[@'-F*O1$/%;2^:ROG?2WB=@$C:M[7

M5HY]
M4E.QI&


`


%FUKELA8T.LL9U5[N
$G*UDEG;G+$721:O.1
W/1%H7F#8--UJ7&

5=E8PTLY*TQE5VI:SBMM\Y,Q8
MM%U1%']^T:GEUF`3%@CI9/-9I5&`*$04(8H1)8A21!FB'%&!J$14&<B,GUUI
M_\6OV%PLP1FU9S%O:9T8^5JEAX.RI<,?HBI%-*$*6(,D0YH@)1B:@RD!GK
MV^IP\32O3`HI/CLTJC`%&(*$(4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&)J#*0&3]1D[;'NLA5
M\;#$C4_VN*JVU5NS#2,S5ZW'?7RMTKFJ;.GPAZB*$,6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J



M^LS.4HYQ_^CWL&Y3B%SS;?@:B5M?NO;)8L!FS%K/.I




M*A%5!C+CUU6





_&N*W3'=(+;=87NF




=!.L%K3

M5_7`_M?3E5[[IMF/7HREU_SW]$[J1!Q3/)U.5_Z#'(^;_W'`PQ\```#__P
`



E



MFJ8I^LV;FIZ-+V?6;
YZZT3%*UZ1?@L;S\^LZ?E;]2P:$*U_V
C@??NNKK4Z




M`$F!9$!R(`604B6:DVC+HSGI]%3*I'5?M&0VD1
G$!N(`\0%X@'Q@01`0B`1
MD!A(`B0%D@')@11`2I5H'4][-:WC671
*99..X#5TAW0DJGL_Q;
]#GV2H\.
M6]12(FA^WLEHAM*!!0QEAZ33AK):NJ$M40QMP1N&BEJJH7+;JAG*3DI@Z9S@


M+57]]D8

M@:C4D.X+MB57??'9&&JW]A2L(A3N+([T&)J:
=1)B8JVKB0@\A%Y'R$06(

D0YH@)1J2'=%VR;KOJBC:$SMMTZ/FW6W^YJVB72


M*$(4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&I(=T7[*RK^N)SLS_38AQG.=)F?S



J2G7G#_N2UY8
[GTOV_V;]3HWA=(F_TO9`ZE7?N%E)R4
M;(%.3DJ.D+ILWCJ.YS-C@G6%@!P?GDR,5^@DXT%7.KT4A,*7;+%2#98BS0


M4T-J#$&V:#D&9-R$+F(/$0^H@!1BA%-*$*6(
D0YH@)1J2'=%RREH_KB
MDSFE
4\-J4[B2(\A



`


MO[$3N.JW-V*H/;KV2V6^]#S5DM$-B('D8O(0^0CA%B)$
:($48HH0Y0C
S%%/S1<94DJ$F8O(
M0^0CA%'+5I
;USS(-[TSET@X+



M@F=K@:BD&RB3V.@+(643.[8`M$*VU7$=R5JDWN6-.9H=D5`C*3Y`DD&_
%





M


MIY7]U[?XR]RVFC:_'O(+O9*5_9TT]M?UK[\L7VG]U)P):2U@N#8K^]RVM]!Q
MFN)


MF)ZNM



MRH9)01H;

1LSQE4CMAC!'

Y#80/8&DAA(:B9
MC@RP9:HR/2^0UATIP9.8B
0R0\&$AG(SD!B`]D;2&(@J8%D
J)
=*I-E.^7
MHQET:

'NC.=;X4B`O9^R1U3U1V[


H(!/9MR10S=?);$33MS14)!%Y7ZC97N^U$T+S3-`AT



*!C5B5B-9^\(M_W#CNX-?



\-^8C39?@(:

[

M965T

FDZ$]LT4%W@?5D?



2(S\(3Q


M?EJCO

`GE.H_3/'/9ABFEK`\$IJE8.V6O!




M#)
'\WQ#``\V1KI=$A)Y_!1QQ_5``7\`(A8!F__H#E]95]LAB`L;:\A.0Q(-
UF[^<#[4YK
M*+FGH51NR'65CF1B0Y*JL!8D53]6CT3+ZC$$-O]1AL!6U*-![K@S10RA52FI
M4[8




M0^10?5TY]ERQ9\P;$XVE


M0:
?-BQ*




MHT84?:_4_X!X7YL/`S:RO8J-
:!6JJIM^TPPCE&
L8`DN_]^[S!SF2^O-VG[
M$I+#F3/

9;+\_+4^&Z]EVU7-967:$\LTRDO1'*K+T\K\ZTO\:6X:79]?

5U
06F]/%0P`F*[T9;'E?E@AYD=

M'ZUQ*(_YR[G_LWE+RNKIU
/K]F!$9&#AX5M4=@4XC(3QR-*17.&!X?1EV1

A&X
M




H.9
M(*U@91$RX?BN/-`-Y4#P<*1;#8DT9*<AL8;L-231D%1#,A&1+(!%ZZ8%'YPG
M1`:F&B1NGBV'RBF

M*OET/R*$/=B!@]@P1`B$AD0:LM.06$/V&I)H2*HAF8A(`X5=11HH73@G9&OI

MR+%L90_:C?='7RAQS.\E+TJFHR-F*BRB*7C?13-1%'))%*!Z]LM3PVZ=
U

Q

PME-<V0<-.I(K\@$6L










C/P





M7(N0+
R-+*1!+$$B0135()
PS-MW
M(I-TPKV`BLV_?'`==9];0.Y@[P5*A(I$BN2*#)5)%4D4R179*;(7)&%(DN;

,@:Z\JMY(Q[)%:`*A(I$BN2*#)5)%4D
M4R179*;(7)&%(DN;.`Z#VL1Q6+TQ79BM\?\67^]+^M:KL61`]B`ZFW)B+A^
MK(G/Z[P&00
BM(#@Z,U$$=-T8T08DB4T5213)%\IK`4@1EQR%0?&F'0(&+
M_OBK?(.1GN

RE:)I
MTPA%17+.FNLDFMNBCI/

:-DV)$`Z^*C7&_+R*#FEBA08B%4T(LG'TBG%.3
M2MAUD*ET[25V/!1
:2!B@1!/8HC(C@95C@0LN*!$&M-7%DI818*R/$6CFA

J$X8/CREDE&!
MG=E1@8B54Y)AY8S01\HY&;2$A:DT;1?]TGYMCL(R6A#!!^?02S'D$!LZ`50W

MF9P





2*


27$/6:$


69?5?E-6\Z1ZOC@#A&3%
Q@1XAF







MO8W4(RN2UC%IZC[MVN&Y7U]5
L*?6/QS4(1DQ2C2*-8HT6BJ4:I1IE&NT4RC

M*-
HUVBFT5RCA49+![F^-O7VZ7O)P)@+ER)B9X5DQ2C2*-8HT6BJ4:I1IE&N




M8
\RMBS4.:A4H)*32,@M_2W$=Z.*:$-R956J(IS4A6CDSA%4Y5W(Q6=6/
M9H;RFX*$KK?,DD+[03VVS4M_-Y/GB
$IG<DLWF`H
M\F5RM94UK\?K'_$MUV3T58O+SL.^ORF_EM(/CV]KK!^
/%P7AR!TI0`(@K
M4$-

MK)8&`?S^LHT/)_`:?8O]`.X(%DG;%;@G.

M6_-T/($7MS6'
^;$G-3:K@PG
9P3]!4XRDRRUBMP%@&UJDVO\3O\*/1M]50L







P<.QNY^_G
^OMXM%MWUI#IONIGUMCAAY

MS[V34[/?G

K7'S:[7?G'];I?';8WO[Q


M!OK'HS%A\D+
_F@S\(_3[+%YVGS9G__9?OMKLWM^.2/=&:[(7-CMXX\/3;=%
M1.'F)LZ
IVV[!P'\.SOL3&D@(IOO]_






!_&G8AXQ-7^G

&.R
M/'4[
@IV6-.






HM67-H]2E!3='Q*%$=A]U&
5B*



/IFV=^6#D7)
M
E3M48*LTB;
/N%#4EEEW`FRHRW7X\2S(PDL]W^AYA'L!E&%FSJAR*DF6H
MVJ

]8DWE:W=.P%GL`H_
Y4.Y14^511

MO$M

MY(.)


YM^^+PN#9@0&4W!?.I0U

AJK3O.V[B0HSIM





JB+'B#:GS'&E

U^`6JW/6F+/61HHEN%D5%JS-;P_LIQ4Q$F-$6Z?


-17&T$






:+)1;?W;Z7*N

MU83KEBB

C/==4:@P=KVQ7=(U8/?`5$O?AS!N]C#
M/P&QNBZ
MF0_%2[`




/E^=G




MOR:S]2WK[O\`]0_;V^?=?O?M\('47=@+Q3Y?7UQ?D*;/'^^VU`-C]K/GS;=/

*+E


MYD
3F=&5'*LY<1?IT%2?+H?$C

MPLYC_O.FCEY8U^]G4K(^K#]_?-[].J/EB;J[?UJ;Q6ZR
MIX#ED/'&;52Y.*

MI!ID&N0:%!J4&E0:U!HT&K0:=!X(C$GS)##F^$+//FFD/YW3OYY/+D
CW5@9

M1/]Z


#SZ.K^=&.K2A(]Y4!Y(`28%D0'(@!9`22`6D!M(`
M:8%T/@D
1C%Q8+!W3G6C)K2D(Z$WZO!L$!J\$4@*)`.2`RF`E$`J(#60!D@+


I=TLBGS[-B9U`)'Z3


W)EDU?1B&1D72

@XF
MB#NA#R[FD\9OS/E6
`[*D6
6\

M'

#%W'Y77.(O$9F\K5RD'ABI8(Q



CL]H^,[/4O9G3Z::LT9_0;O1LE=TG26


M4II9@A)$*:(
48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+:(N0.%L



M4



6

I'1H$\])3EQ8BK

:/Y+

$)6%R6?

M5C39BE@$[H*YBA1*FV6-GN)7QPP9:\:QG.G(3(_EVVZ]6I-V4DRUF
*$&4
M(LH0Y8@*16BE&-J$'4(NH%.RL[&(S01X)SX]U^M1AAV-V-1=[)@KBOD3
M1FB#%&.J$!4(JH0U8@:1VB+DAK4^+V&88L3$28\6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J






M2:0VAI*U2%N55.&V:I8ZVE8C%6U;JE\M:QF).TR`[

M8


MXZN8




7%(7_-!I3T




M58AJ1`VB%E$7H


&069&E!*$66(<D0%HA)1A:A&U!J$74!NVG<ZMW
MQEL+3+H8A;ZJ[G?$(B6^JE9BE(9HAQ1@:A$5&J$36(6D1=@$);ZSSL%5_%
M=&OAD.^K@!*42A%EB')$!:(2486H1M0@:A%U`0KMIW.K]_HJ)ET+0#$CL77
./96_^2?S;
MCBX7F+PQ&IZ65$X2LX<;2:
R(S#U


;NW5VI.5EQ15%?




[T/TMO4FF/V]!_N6^H?-\_=-O+F_WY_=[GZ:WW*@\/GSQP';

+K-86D:WIA2IC




U:%CHI4YF\`Z=%JT
MRD=+Z.LA*_




M81G*H1U)L0MB'L6O#&=/&AGTW7_A/];

HLAB$
M.(0DA#2$+(0\A*$
IYHS,3IU8$X_
MW9<',E=MK?TE06NN#OU.NV[*F/<FZ;4I9`:)(#$D@:20#))#D@)J2`U9`Y9
`M@P?L\Z,:%:(VT<C+1#(1D0,T@$
MB2$))(5DD!Q20$I(!:DA<\@LH2L(&O(!K*%[-KB=;:Y%/8Z^_ALM:7]/G72

MV;7%ZVRSIO0Z^_ALM:7]/G72FJV0&22Q)`$DD(R2`XI(6D@M20.60!64)6



M#!P_D]L\;=C5CK1[IE)*:4:*2#$I(:6DC)23E))JD@U:4Y:D):D%6E-VIV

ME)!24D;*206I)%6DFC0G+4A+THJT)FU(6]+.(W\


W/4'Q8Q*2&EI(R4DPI22:I(-6E.6I6I!5I3=J0MJ2=1_X8L+F8]AAXYOSN
DA)22
E).*D@EJ2+5CLRI




\]MWD!1W`
M3(]]#


M]VSO?!!

MC]3)E#0C1:28E)!24D;*206I)%6DFC0G+4A+THJT)FU(6]+.(W]JA0F67UR(
M]YEY$?*3;.'3
%I*3W9(V40L%9
24DK*2#FI()6DBE23YJ0%:4E:D=:D#6E+
1WZ\V<]'NUU]:A/5=_J/=W0VU%@2ND%ZWSYP\LPC34C+[


FFH^XF+OCB2.-'J]7ZR-

MRCK\PB*




E^B4]FY[\\LNN=`I@][?
MR#;M(_H=).1/M6`GIU)*A^3

MH:-R*J649J2(%)
24DK*2#FI()6DBE23YJ0%:4E:D=:D#6E+VGGDSV*;`^&I
M]=4/I0]LG*##'?E+ON\.)6*[3%PJAO\Q%+Q:2$E)(R4DXJ26I(M6D.6E!
M6I)6I#5I0]J2=A[Y8^!UZ9P!TSEVHE3THP4D6)20DI)&2DG%:225)%JTIRT
M(U)*]*:M%M23N/_'[]A](Y`Z9SA/RY';RE3;643.09*2+%I(24DC)23BI(


ML






_T&_






MJ53I2/A




M=4O/L5MGMBZIA/SA$BP7IUI*CLA
R%QT'\89D@^1*^76AKR


MVV58^VC:Z6P_GOO

D7U;.XS-8?B%7)&6
MDL
32ZSV:#SLA)1*M6([?+#TRK245

M#)J1(E)

M/BR&VZ
PR
Y/M92
PADI(L6DA)22





M^S5

%H]($KF6
!IY+J21%UK110X6TDLM


MYMFTBXMAN)B
I82.KD1(0Z=&CH3:D*;9Q7K\O


Y[/Z%\Q;GFGJW#3J64
M3J&9D$ZAR)'_L.
HN((I6+[;1.'-I%2VF(JIUFW2T&%T.Y5#S:8B&EM
52

MTJF0AL^$CH;/I92&+X0T?FDX2NAH^%K*:7AYT(:?B&DX9=[?##\.GME91J

&++OXOF=H5\L^(P77W


XB\.747S+)2LB69



VIUIYY$_
M!OZAA/@ELM_70MX8&`?9F:F6D@Z?D2)23$I(*2DCY:25)(J4DV:DQ:D)6E%
M6I

S);]NV
8;7PYL8]6
M==097YDM^XNQL




\
MOAW6Z9DZS0.FV&*.@?F=\(YH?;/7S15M6*=O]MK\7&%7';
'Y@?O.K:8`=(Y
M/GIF?#2?APM;Z9DCW=QBPA9SI

MO_4FOW6W8D)UM6YVJ[.\[?Z.\K\-)[]UGSC







C$N

H*=GWGZR
MJ$J*JNR-;6?VIFT_LGZ+/[.*I*:?O^47XVM:5EEQG9GV0\\TTFM2'++K:6;^

_SWW^;OA7E2W5.T]H`A6LU
\]U?7
MJTK.


S


MLB;$(V1#B$](0

RV09B`%2%K0CQ-H3XA`2$;`G9$1(2
M$A&R[Q+%7.A8[JA&%JUZ*$BG&@E9$;(FQ-D0XA/2$#(EI`=(2$A$2'[+E$


M;RM8U(V
:C@B:'C:HAT


L4VM$PR8M8Y(3_NM.OY
3@:2N


5P+CB!0:RVB'%PQMJ.EV
-?DV6]H=(^ZDCI`!%*

M4\#4M:'0'+@FD9YB*36!I$L71^1U`H0R:@M(JFU0R2C0D12*T(DH_:(&BW5
M5_9^H_LZ@$?S?SP1^&N14M\J?6M[1I+=E(#UBKU+0;*2EG+*/8

.1ZC.HN_2S_E3P/W8RE
M%Q:/+KQ2`K?:7X;#VUM\2J.X/&77RKBD1S1MSDE/_X5/8]H-9^+&HYOP6<X

$%``&``@````A`)IC
MWP11#```
0X^?;;(TUK+G\%XYR\
MA.2GGI[1?WHN/1/=_/%]_SSX:WLX[NJ7VZ%S-1X.MB^;^G[W\G@[_
^?T:?9
(H^@=-3TP+\.@_OMP_K;\^G?]5NRW3T^G:B[



I!/ZE4Y\

Y=3
Y@WH5Y9SG2MWYCO^5+SF9)369)^9

M(VV6:..8%BNV$
-7N`UL$-H@LD%L@\0&J0TR&^0V*&Q0VJ#2P(BD[?2EN/@=

MS/[)GV-26-
T;\3DW!1IV=K0Y
$JK8`$0$(@$9`82`(D!9(!R8$40$H@E4X


MB8#$0!(@*9`
2`ZD`%(J71B"82KM^PH1!N34E
:/17O0ZHRX:@81`(B`Q

M$:(848(H190ARA$5B$I$E8%





MNBNGLU):`PK1*D(4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&)J#*0J;7(

M`!0X@$)$$:(848(H190ARA$5B$I$E8$
_=S^/.Q*;+E.3[O-UV5-&S#:O_?H
MZM%]0GO+T'@QLS)W&ZSL))DTI&`;4C;[B#+G5L'6:&RXFB.$,6($D0IH@Q1
MCJA`5*J)*)EC)IJZBQ2(#U.F_F7+BFES'_6KXW


NY4&;#C3*)6KR:4

2%67

MLKJI
W:LNX.


M2'E.&4G/X[$59!D;*
\Y(^6Y8*0\EXQ:S\YL:K6Y8H/&L]D)=C8I!M8%G8!9
MI2N1
9!\:UE8L94*M8#1=2=H*)%'



6&-
MSI6T
L9$6Y#F8AXF(5M1#Y_K#EE0A6_

%+A



\2*0B*F2KLP$;L94*V)B1

J$)6(*@.9BZU(1W7]Q'PR?S^:91:K

M190ARA$5B$I$E8%
_40&I.O79M$?C]4VD]+OE#R)S%BU=NPK9:5BM2O(*$2K
M%&,*$&4(LH0Y8@*16BRDFUK1Z&UJ_$ZOW(I5B?18!11X@$)$$:(848(H
M190ARA$5B$I$E8%
_40V@;&J3GPN.N+TVIS$B%29IG3IS4H:J5.Q0!*7UM%N
MYG4GULP;*BL.W0A1CA!E+*).HYEO3Z\A+G[QQ+-AZM\&M3%NU84AKI.K4V
MM-S]Y%A2%B$#)9%





:1MU=]/A]A/(I3=9B/T!!9O]Q)DNQ'^:Z'MR34^:

Z


`4$L#


;.Q*&[[=J_P/%_0://09
)=D*\_U96UMG=Z\).(GK`*:P
C<[
/=S?WV<?WA](_U[O2?'__^M_<_ML^_



B!T:/N2/]Y(X7[^:7


I




LQUKX/F3C10%D@')@11`


M0L^Q=&/H6*I;V*^_;)\&O[[=R4;0=[(ECI

MQ-[/


4TUG03U(.
[7!`E/&/0QA?!I29LM;!5K$V

\OO3O
M

*UHX@RKS&&8DO@E!.V&KN+E!]KC#
MS&XFZ-PNLT6PRG)I7SC39J_($2[%2H4K058XN@R$:VE7X4:07G$K2(4[07S%
MLV#?[:5]$/8GQ3[AR;DC8O+U@PTCH32M:G)S20Y^QDC;R6QU7#H-6Q0F73D
M9;



M=-'A2T$J7`FRPHN+8.76W.ZLN4:ZJ'`K2(4[0:8N^NUC%^#_*[WE/VGJJG/
M_MJI,(I!]LI(0RPQ6FX\5NTH+`9%]-$JLI6DD#

#@]6



0^2


9


5B$C-Q\FY%&8SJWR
263D'XH
W$RN9`\UF8

U@G2P5F0.#M:)%0^&!U2BC$\X
MDT[@+!Z=JP\R_M0)TOA+$*6(
D0YH@)1B:A5-J$+6(.D2]A[RMRVSU$WX]


)_(

MINB+J?K)78QO^GK%H!(XCDLJ-_ZB\

M0:
=

M



MD










%VH1:?$DMPWO
H
^*
M6H8\


4^O?9GW]
+C1_
M+4Z$E!HH9
54/Y7EV3&

(AN)W
M'AMC`Y1FDWT,;\!LUW)RF.I/IK,SN[HQFW#?L7D4C3^:\6)7I9YO`_BC(#;

V7^Z

M+*\W7MII6H]UWVCJH2@[KDGVH_4X!&J\*K@^UL9Q51N#[81,J;J%O]

M
'^E
W







M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````E)%!3\





H^XY6XIC.+7W7DW%KNNRKAPTHG^.

=A1X8`'D$E\

_):X5-KO
\FH!X%_D4LSH@G`!N\
M?_XY^P(``/__`P!02P

O9AWJU4J4,-/E;@O*A1?C\9\A/#M0%53OZV/H
MXN7=O35KI
YA])I
[+B/RS;13!ZY!8:.I-@



S5'B':X#%!SF=N`X8E.V/:S-;^


FR!%?QYH)WIMI;Z`


MTEG4)X#-P'$A:;7ZC?!7*1O!%]NT@D^@-\*MO]5J`Q?BL
87Q6H#%#5NAJ



M``I````$````'AL+V-A;&-#:&%I;BYX;6P\CD$*`C$0!.^?PAS=V?UL(@D




M`!0`!@`(````(0`3R?UR-@(````C```3``````````````````````!;0V]N





)`P``C@@``!D`````



M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-)*:4/;`@``J`@``!D`````````````````92\`


&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`
M```A`#

M`````````````(%


X+GAM
M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!PV?D_DP0``-\0```9`````````````````&)V


`
M````````````````49
``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE

M
RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`F/R=;(%```E%P``&```````````````


O


M!@`(````(0#T??^A2`
``,*```9`````````````````/LN`0!X;]W;W)K



2YX;6Q0


M`0



M%``&``@````A`$HC'.@`#@``24(``!D`````````````````+60!`'AL+W=O



3

M971S+W-H965T

+OKLB!0``MQ4``!D`




`
M`(0
```8`````````````````





M````````````;M












04!@``/1@``!D`````````
M`````````UT`'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='







`/A(`
'`&J.`@``````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Eligibility age
 Minimum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Employment term eligibility
 Minimum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Contributions by Employer
$ 165
000
        
        


        
$ 632
000
$ 744
000
$ 705
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
$ 188
292
$ 175
053


        
(77
942)
(70
860)


Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net
110
350
104
193


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
101
258
93
711


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
55
254
55
051


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
7
621
7
617


Furniture
 Fixtures and Other Equipment [Member]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
12
501
9
895


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
7
058
6
592


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
$ 4
528
$ 2
052




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31



        
December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2014

          











        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 178
805
000
        
$ 161
010
000
        
$ 149
492
000
        


Margin fee paid to A-B
 classified as a reduction of Sales
2
644
000
        
2
009
000
        
1
864
000
        


Sales to FSB through a contract brewing arrangement
 classified in Sales
        
        
        
        
3
083
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
838
000
        


Handling
 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B
 classified in Cost of sales
393
000
        
402
000
        
449
000
        


Amounts received from A-B for lost keg fees and forfeited deposits
 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net
        
        
        
        
122
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
7
846
000
        
8
457
000
        
        
        


        
(2
629
000)
        
(2
728
000)
        
        
        


        
(1
821
000)
        
(1
852
000)
        
        
        


        
3
396
000
        
3
877
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 70
000
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 accordingly








        
          

        
          
            

 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under contract brewing arrangement from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under termination agreement from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amount of receivables arising from transactions with related parties.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
3)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
 -Subparagraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net as of the balance sheet date where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
For additional related party transactions
As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 A-B owned approximately 31.7% and 32.0%
 respectively
In connection with the sale of our interest in FSB
 we modified two agreements with A-B originally executed in 2004: the Master Distributor Agreement (as amended and restated
 the &#8220;A-B Distributor Agreement&#8221;)
 which was amended primarily to lower our margin fees (&#8220;Margin Fees&#8221;) to be paid to A&#8209;B; and the Exchange and Recapitalization Agreement (as amended and restated
The modifications to the A-B Distributor Agreement reduced the Margin Fees to be paid to A&#8209;B for beer sold through A-B or the associated A&#8209;B distribution network
 except for beer sold in qualifying territories
 as defined
 from May 1
 2011 (the &#8220;Commencement Date&#8221;) until December 31
 2018
 to $0.25 per case equivalent from $0.74 per case equivalent. Beer sold through A-B or the associated A-B distribution network in qualifying territories
 as defined
 was exempt from Margin Fees until September 30
 2013
 and thereafter are assessed Margin Fees at the $0.25 per case equivalent through December 31
 2018. The exemption from Margin Fees for beer sold in the qualifying territories was subject to certain conditions
 including incurring sales and marketing expenses in the qualifying territories at or above specified amounts. In the event the A-B Distributor Agreement is renewed beyond December 31
 2018
 the A-B Distributor Agreement sets Margin Fees to be paid to A&#8209;B for the period beginning January 1
 2019 and ending December 31
 2028
If we purchase additional beer brands
Year Ended December 31
178
161
149
Margin fee paid to A-B
2
2
1
Sales to FSB through a contract brewing arrangement
3
Handling
 inventory management
 royalty and other fees paid to A-B
Amounts received from A-B for lost keg fees and forfeited deposits
 included as a reduction of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
We owned 42% of FSB prior to its becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of A-B in May 2011 and
 accordingly
Effective September 1
 2012
 in the best interest of both parties
 we mutually agreed with FSB to end our contract brewing arrangement. Under the termination agreement
 we phased out production of FSB branded beers through November 2012 utilizing remaining inventory on-hand. In consideration
 FSB paid us $70
000 per month through September 2013
 all of which was recognized as Sales on September 1
 2012
December 31
7
8
(2
(2
(1
(1
3
3
877




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
456
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
513
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Money market funds
 at Carrying Value
        
2
650


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Money market funds
 at Carrying Value
        
2
650


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Money market funds
 at Carrying Value
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Money market funds
 at Carrying Value
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is
 readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2014







          



        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001140361-15-010194-xbrl.zip




MCRH5U?M'FSE`



M$G9V]

M[SL8
:`90V/2A#JZ:?UR\*4J_[NXK

MN)5N]DMH@FHM;&54-E$)$7M4I5:75AMU;


#\S_EGRXEKX):W[\AMXW8'I0^TB7J*D:CKX

O(5EWD_'J5V,6#M.XVTMAU3;GD-:Q.1-
MV\9J=@N=9XCM%KF!?2R@4PKSSY2]A%P+
_U'+4$\B1ZB*EBAGI*N0/4(G(F
MA
,7?AAL+M%[,;5:[[$G:C[XSCO9K0A?&\




ML]2F7XO(&EV9*I4)!K

OZB'NJYFJ**(#

DK)A4@7$B

M==5M040P:)42'5-T4';?8:1)6ADRFOH\8FJ4H(CQEZ*+OW






M29&T6!.1%?.+HCTFLNF\8YF^S:LANT!I$9X'R1I*S3L@*Z`T):24S)NN$%2-



M^PH@2*W#OT)





LKH7PQ8\@.6'5Y5

M`VFFF
%%
PEA-SE)2S=+[%F:=/N80YK;!?BSUU9OINM'@8J/\*2T!N)9@/CD

M3'
P\3

BP?3`@9]`]/BP31;0;\6



E&4[53$H*P;*
I8!
M+1$Q;R@73QU]^V()D)20UD2^I2*?08N)8(M'
(

MY59^R06V;M2EFVQ8!+!




MX93Q'NZ/JN1\]K!13



MJO'HN8A!01-G8!:6-:[@]!9CW=TB0EU

I)M&`





OR
5%]LO\0.2^H3YG`I`M4Q/-2^`@H(T*?;CX[

M\483`)+&9-+GR&B$/L`O*

MOI_?8:U:^66\2U4OZN61^IN@8``=#P':`5;@$OD[[.OFF9S)5UJR&VD^Z2E5


MG)QIO2S*9W84M*E]@-D*NC@Y/5]302RF((+$?





M
NPCWD74@7HR(M;\U).:*YGN_/PRB:^-L%

'2ZJ_/JQ5GPVU/AU0/'8NZ

=*\*E(_4R3?)%.]RK@

MNV%_







M$=AAYA






M#-9/=LW@Q&G$C3+HJ$&KX:96WBMM]0


F#





1
M1731.#VY:S`R#4DW\'3`#&;P4[2&JIX5+J\2L[&ID7CK6V(AT46:L\G5D&G
M



M]H7Q0XZ!&/!8&`#6/C/!Q
9]0_/QB$D5W`7D2.4)'MU3XPQ3`B`%#
8:GH`E

AV7%DXB34P&GZ9A0NZ__&2:L2EY/@U\Z#^*4Q5++;;G`IQF

M^7Y-]CS%.IC?C`
5
Z'
K$CPU8Y2Q(X8_0THT]HX6S$23$;9EQ@IQXF8);\Q
M[LY5R.`QMCK2=&E+++M8M[HL-M]!C3R[Y&WD*6Q`QI[!\M%O2_+JFBGI_?SU
M_.6O5/N;3J\SKU+M


MEOT;
XRV0_9%DK]%+^TE


M4\-YPE.CU3GJ)/](:'R6P(:E




M_'8O@I9Q






MW]O1;6\0?2[@=LQ
7$WS\7.&
NX6IT6-]N@GC_BHT2HO7;JG@0ZPKXQQLD
MD&]

G37@[79Y[\Y




MBB)54$1JRX[N17$CAES4B?7LPA]NX=MVX9_FPKMU6OB#&Z$W7#E5

`3L4'^

-F
M*.[@K2!B;\10I=CL%9
H30L#S.`0@O%0RSS))!D'.IMO?N18B7M*T#%C\[R#

:GW$

UT[LM\X#3;S&?3[5A@[[K](!S5)#`T%@R`FE)^4EL)*C=XK?.3:L!



U6\C=V&N^ETM_5E




O--O$C(XM*P`Q/I3W8G_/:;:!3#3D

G171

1AF6\/?TMU@A..



MZ#'6I(ICQ0-LZSX1R5CZIOC7




M(JDF/(1W4Z7)P#U

(F!.&B$19LJVNTC

1%P'AAS-==C^4)
M^91`0A,X]DX)O#3DRO@V$!T$%?@+P!J:C!(S3XZ4`8+Q9S
?,#[852[^B


\L'+F@4N#X6*$/)8=@=B@`2]%N&`H1S?O(
K8#

MQ8#S)7


$
MR+]E4'*A@@XTVAJQA(-'`WTP

?L&N4&
^7
MD6'
@FNQ


.]G$09U







MZI^NWO[VYNKGUG6K=3._X!OF.2-&*TA^1(R^I9%FB%VS%VDRE@K.!I_=M!IP

MH'JS#ZH9Z
BD!IO'.)/80[\UKVRQ'&X9



MZ+O'0;_7J0?Z[:.@#\Q?#_0[QT`?SZR]T


MU[
#H#R



&Q(/Q1U0DD*M3+%W:@(0Q)RJ
ML/OL0:K/J#6R21`%DW1B@%9`3SB
DS&0XGVJ5D^4-9D59K'NA4Z8XLB`4R;O






[V29W.R.XF-=JF+.;HP19+YGYJF[[)8&@$&Y=XX$/?(#/3E



K=4X=U.+SQJ(8Q`&(C#*+HI\=L%
H'-A8^#+OEZ;D-/Y68-$(+OVE`3Y+&





6

M:UXS4BV\\HNQ
N11^)MV
1
Q:P[$*V19-5V5)[.
::NW0/E'03LQXHO[

V3^8/98WN5Z^@[-XM'\



6^;ETOOGMV`;'-A]\F%[6^7








EMZQS+NN




MT)T7NCN%G2\VOH1+[KGY*M\FJ]WZP=UZ6^MU2KRCIUQ$G1E1WDHSG
J9P7

ALBX*H];2T)KO/E4KI6Z






$DVHZYCP



L&I
67Y:H&875.
#Z]V
M\0)J0C2M@=#RP`[/L!/\B+GEA1#36_K@+]#8)ZY_#TJBKV&_[`F]BHJS8)





M&B2:1#K'KX`](
;4^#.`!5A4X!2
#'G

.'SB'
O=VRY@!OX%I'ML



M5:/^!Z




&M.=_DIH


SR?F]L6_`1OX6G('/XR1*_B=
ZCSA


_^@A_




MC:5#4F653PO_*'3;N.-@C!&0;PO&V54+,.1_MX(P^GT_H)*2!@A,^29&SQ-
MR?\$#@MC$G3XK\C2'`;N^18R:AJ:B#_GCS*1@MAT!HG6\/8P4C(\6`=V
*N
MQ/O41+B&9^$3&S$3'LTN]8!DH(
P1-!9AIA
]EV:)?AK%*TF[!P-B(:Y%.QI
M]S6D9_F%WI9

M0KEP^AZ9_\*8U+..SA*#!&)H@TEXZ*SW;`3,5G+`ZP?+'U9[8V82A_R\D%

M4C#P

8&VUI&ODGN)ZY+WCZ'9LL@KF)MJ5DM63P&XYF(UZGS#N4I0\:G;)
MNNO)!)9;



M*!1U#R@R\C,S=XW5%3T^6]_#?C5$Z7S']^!07SMF&]ES/8G7SY.XL;MHL[
M./X`$G\#4_GME__\#T+^]E]75_B&$WXA'OD-M8N/C5
CKRGY_%8/[OZDJ^


M4I)VD)

#-.]B7XL'2
MDQ#@Q.WOT)\J(C3B
YE5SRU_H?
XBF65\_S-57Q&(^;E'I]]&SZ[WS):TO^5

M\$'^?_SR`6=@N%
[9!_!JJFR;$DC*PS5R/OX;&_9:C;GQK+QY
#C=A/0R-79
LGTSDZAVJEL\0S[2F`$@Q2OWE+/6^9_=]%@
_KF]!RNI\R

A_OT&!B9B=F/[+O0#22*^


ZK1%




M!%Q'M)S].#@UD=E8=+V\M')'+?




\N)[7*0G^A$]^H+/2Y)R
_H'E*


F@?D

G;+W1H=%:12'PS+D[KB

MW:**W2E3/ENZ91%:`08\\9C!K&=1=T99\N=I5_7;S;.K%.(:C+A!B0Z;B@SY








M'


V)
M



MUJB_6VUM[:;
$:128L.AOC-[7\H1;
#F+KR[`9]L+!R.(O\^JA.?;EA1$Z(!





*TI,(PW`#6W;&^?V#.SB9X





3D

MDW3'53(PBE#L?)+]A[$




/=R.
EG0P'?+(CVL*10?-7^(CYH34I
U84:(K.CCHT?^NN.1





S8&F?+.:
984)


VQ818QR_2I8A
Z$*$,3C3L$A:++3&@W^(JB1.<?9
M^M.V*[35?03H[KLMY0OCIX\WM5]0R%FB3%ZRW=*Q/7\;K?<`=CF[6P`F
MIIZGFWM@2'PT*5I`\,L)Y:#?;.J)&4#Q\LF?`:B`9Y)(P0-W$)



_]P7J
!;;ZZ+H4KHBUH!VX@+IQ(
MN-

^]M'=*T-[;
M*ITKB!8
M
?W2D[H]Z3Y5PA[WXD
M*TVL6VR'`HB/R]E<=;4V55:ZD@S7K_N%);BNXUR^4<*AA/UX*[J*QF9L[S7

M

T(3M\4+N









Z#4DZ
M])6)BG$[\9]5'$-D11_KGW3H^OXW3[0O]*/HO'4]7R9?@5HT$2VA&7RI\2L
MW/O4






EV2



Y

M@=H0*B1!V88I0&6%]&C=WV8+I%CPEQ(8)HP#122D3`Y@Y\\D0'R!6\0`DM]
MU\/K9MH^#J`18QCKGFR%R+=6UHQ'RS%W%E4(]^OFF@Q;$0*E.BU\$3-)C*
M7@#(O5HQMF'*EGN,Q/73*_*KBY@5EK?G)WZ=O^JUW[S*BD9_:6Y\!18)F9L


M15;)#(MU7UGX!^1UXY2K#*





MM/9X92?U%3?]8-




M
/@_T.^Q2')!!7VYX*-#F)XJ_B`0:;ZGG+0#1N/D!





M807`XO4B#SJ%CH3%8@:J2)(E0BW8=^89%F=RL^[[=EC23JXBF]3!ZF';41I4




M]SDLKRAYSB/U\8(^&H^ALD$^AD82VB@VFKA`BR_\7L(NBU7*$OI:#'S76ZE3



;)?.*1%\P
S@**L.R@M'*-;##420&0:=X

J


I7_=3=W

MU\3G7[AR_Y)SZ%Q_M63EL-4YL6)ELH5-=S[.'CH=T)7_E-RTKA9?7]T*ASN:


RS!J:AO8T



MZ
`69JT2T5K49OPHN![)HR(TT<%]34W


R]E

M?2A18G




MKQ;_=C7Q&).5\&!W03S8M!WGP#B;
+6SO;S::6T6\:Q/2%GNP_V+PO%YXEAO
M#12.%8[/`
*:YS=JM&B<WJ^^:
MI6L8*Q@K&L8%Q;RZNY_J_WW^=
U'2UK4D=O5YI7

;.]R5[&_[NVA1#H?R%LFW/T[8=M%L=
7:Q8JZ/:(@DGQ#,+
M@]67K\:=3BWNNQ[.85SKBYC4IT#%5*;[$XT\Q^8=D@Q/&X&]VA`2D6@L\0)0
MB(FU#7<V@^?$W8;[FF(!WXDE@^_&D7%HLG
















:2:N







&UU2JY%^.R-1
D&F9


M(_(Z9O.;
A






U?U*EUSXF!40*C
M!$8)C!(8)3!*8)HL,*\[(ZT_+JQU6GSEVW75!2'2CAKKCFFE2PJ6:R_+!;I
MZ&E\&(VLW
9
8@9
W(UDWLQR9+9HO!HZF]ON@AV97D:YGRNGNVGNY]=Z1^L/


M2[G@E0O^W
P)=7ZL!$8)C!*8F@!/8P2&4P2F!J)S`R*F(C#6$MQ*;^&U8E


SDG

M?U



M2(+'1*EH_`W+X[;(`XQ

MS\S9S@0.C/9@`#Z67

M3MZZLSESN
@@]I79
$OF6Y?[7


MYMO`\Z/:\?\XCJ&_`/8Y`HO[+)SZ\


M)WR(A$]E!M'63NH@6OJHHZ?DR5[YJH!!Y8B:/NIW3F(0*&S+$.N3:=D!\LAA








CX



MR*PG
CLEEC$K8(.__9;@[JNUFVDX-N\D:N3.M2UC0?X9_IOACJU\HZXW;5?O










/KMHP/;
Y^T4-R28^
MBTV-2''XP8
]$'.

2$[![E!FX*UG96;)R[LKY&[G'+C;
MK2MWN\WF;K',K
%1T*B[FX9*Y%$0%YG.4;I&7?^)_!FX(I+%L\B



5X

MI:!=V9_YTKI
FJO$S;H&VGL
Y-`HA

MCS*N=XX
4<2L
K$%\.B)6&/WRJH5S3#7--
[[+W/-U








6FA0SQ
Y_^@


Y;S[-K/

.
[


E[ZH]0H@+&`G?


B=4B



MD4E:)-';5T4MD2(Z;$





YJBN


7TPW*\H@EQ2]NJ7.[W_

=3K]=<-F4'
M4RW9]($^NYXX$GX+`_2H42V4W@8<;'FQ<2D8E!7;R9_LF.H=OR1I9K6S8)*
M
21(6G\JG=[N%R=HA3

=A):[!JA$Q]XAY8[^0!OGK;W
MN
;&QX`7CAJ`](7Z_NQ&Y5_M

VST

:5
[@G`S$XN!;M
EX
NK9DPJTSKJC8M@TG;?Z!<LQO/PPNQG





6)X[K
M$RKU/ZQQCX'(\89V


`*/XU.&Y1G!#`L5&JB





@61$I@^**VL%1X&UBA8LX2J5?P3T:-*5G@7@`7VE]9LDY03W$POX<-]EB




J<U)MDC6L#&#*/KC_=K+
@)@FW0.*#U*$O^!]0H=*6Y*A346_&
M:V%4!M(



%`4-!0UE


M




M!!'3#1YM5I#'
G=

RBLLD'9


6P07V,Y\%@CL^\
M4Q$KOW@)4^T_NK8I._X'HQYY[YC,).^8P6:/S-=72O3GJZ#YZBQ<.R<%1H[


M0Z#

U6MC+D(



M_=4O^6



]XBOS/0,@ZC-Q\(LGP2`0
M]-&R+5\T8QWNGCI.0&U[H1'7(S/78V3BL3\#
6QTR-/)0X2\/Y%T\:5#/
M6^`?=`:R[HNQQPWX+F&$Q8?@T^@&=0K`2

M

\$



M[7Z_5M@IE#W9L=-IUPD[:UJS8NP
NKV
T3!VF4/=FQ
Q@=%JV/2Z


M`QM61EY_@G&^@;VQ.R





/WMTQL99Q[93X2T'(&3E`%%0]\7U&=%[


A*J



_5&FGCC!4H2[C!D5Z).

B1I%4.

M4&VIL)OCB2MQN6FLE*:.]`K+C=5^?:JH[5+*R)7'5R5+E9*F/1[+;+LA25


M.9'I@R=D]
M+^6'/-Y%94T(]679@*6E[!T;!%GY\9!*B%?1CGA86.ZK:@[+%)`O%
AZ83$D
ML@*R4N5_8V5E]SL,/.T8;9)&)RKS2ZZ@1A_E8NGR63[*HF]Y&67J\GJ]

MAZ[



=/RN?+:




M48G

O
MFW

A#HWNH
:15)=\.U3!.

:


406-
[
::Z)W!3%W'L;F^`N-
ML#\#:XYI^N6=`\PW





MZV+(`F'/

M;V
8VKG`FYD+_[&M;\S&P5
'T.J'C)$\9Z:&9&F809\'QE3T
*4P#GP21H@&

M8=HF%A8:V#\Z
9O`+-




/K\

MWE$+U





N)1_BK\-.;^3^



J


#M+7V8+'.Z`U`GPN$$=IS*'RYM4%GSE,(S.YTBFNWY@%@XT
M=OJ^3UCBM%-J)#8#`9!P3I





1QS0+KGR&5M`=TT+U[#X
6G-\BA:\-`WRPG7_?Y








M'S





-K&@;W;U


WW]K4\ZOOUO\CR6E8&E)
M.I%

2U#Q.E%Q\\BG`
%`'N2

HL.Q6'NTY$5
BI
8AJ&R.!X(3UR@4!Q)&RZ\ZD57D%=[
MBT(VPKY\-W%M.+QV'`#!7/B?X#N#\BF9V.X+;Y'?\.YN.!Q+7./=.J!MXXD#







.?3SV_VHAV






Y%$GM+$0[)P5!-&$:1+TU
3G-_&E

M6']
ZQ:VURBG`MFY[#A6#\HN?
M1E+Q5;E2-M/%HT#RC2F&NP9CK:^/.L'F8
M.T-#_@YHI$]XJI:[;TD95O4RK`9EBIPRY17B?NKUFEU*^%P

)+4)
M7B&94KS*RY1%?Y[6E:[UNR5Z;91%KS`G
#=N'N;RB$UIA)E_X&;`44O!D=PH

2@UTJ\]^9IV\W@[RLFUR


NDC/0
M!H5M[\K&Z\[;4#6X`;465X4I_!X9\\B4V2+%W82)M'1AGCW
](
%X_$VM1M6











M:L]Q4VD6LITRM!3`9`6]
`W8AB0NGWF[+VW9(=4P'G964U9L-IPW7:DTZGBX





%DGZ4-M9YB$*DSCQ\[C&-2C`^.&$CV=.)'


LQ[#F
M6!?*(5\P=^2#R.%*/F



TIC1'9A:A?8_B:&EJMP@N%J-GC^+CB16'*F=E


MGN-.X^L1!;Y.'O8IDO3!#;PBED5LMY0MA3AN/$%ND-#\.%G4RIB5G?EZ]RM@

G?I!&
/)(.MYYS]
KQG#U!J7:.7_KS
M8W.\:N6N5$/%7Y)&[?5.-4ASY61A!FD]]6@1+S0%*VM^BRCV68HB5JS=--





M


F$C*I(]'.B;4



MBQD`BLB
8*-.I_W3S=?WO[?BO_71.0T`-XF.H2J9B8,5Z###B^G.
/\*



M@
YL3-
7R]D+X)EQ:K
5C#C

Z7]DM@6[

)C

$0+^#%'@4.]MAP@C-E]8K@(2I3C*F=
F1@X

M`

M+W?H#%/E`!$;.1OAEX_BAT\N/[P+/Q2BMW:7=:7QDXG)EM=2'_?'!1*3
8ME

M?59^W048%

\S5D]+1!^^NOHM&`N+V-M

#X$(O8NN]-R%MY`T\BY@R`IQ50JO(6VH
MH[@MV91L*&PG:N8=1AAC$Z*%XW*^=+JKNYCL_9XR?#Q:/''XT,0IPQ_UCQQ^
MU&_VX9.OS&#6\S;HI^E^^?910^ZU![W,0U[V&0_W'BN1XAUS((C;AD*;\]_
M




DN+VZ'HF\V))VR=Y

ZIF1A!JZ/`AVS@J


N58$H!^5*!W.F

5)7/-<KGVJ%N(.:7N\W#W%GN`6)]+SE\``3
M=+$+WW@4)75FU;=P;AYAI57)
1U^TT#W%G:
J'4688VN#%1^G*DC]3NZK?
M;IY=I1#78





^JT




MY!U[]
E'S@-




MOG/

FU&TWAWAT<.P]@+:(-C/`9NJLV?X`V'O8!L

M.AK0X5-P]RD+NX`2-

D`+W^*P

MY8CL8Z+U.`I2K
4R*2U!4?1QXP%,O.$VKL-60XD5W_@A6;SQ;)LZ$(S=_
MOD=1!*]LRV%DQORI[\]




M2R2!





MDH)G9T]?V)'I5_2V4$EI1@-]5#:65#/3[NGCE#.S?2Q;@$7^^2!BH/!\B(@#
MHO1:H@Z1HD=$00*QW.+^


Z[OT^K!I%F?R5
+[RV5:@2P&Z=K]$!9\7X\]PTQ&'VZ2_`W+V

KJ::G3I':W?;J#1I4#7
M8--M=&XWSS,G:.A?\1M;V5U-=?J:JNS`(6Y4C$WT/KC3O,PMZ+K(PJFX0&Y
MCH?5KXZ9^WL_W0)792MU51;:UBB\GC7@'N)[U[_J;]UNE)MC[Z[=0YN'M

O;S:3BC4_:0/
[F5
;AU]G*UMM:MU^6LJ@.L/6A1(G.N8A.

M+*C[XOJ

MMU115/FV5+ZM])VI?%LJW]8Y0/#LTBZI?%L7.O$JWY;*MU7DP7+E#MFS3E*D





9LNC8
F%Z?DZ_
8-8S

M$7L:3V(JO)@*

$S-@9.*Y

M7]U`;QYY9

7


,[Z&2+X7/+6QQ&X&$OP%#Z3U;4
0*_`8=#6%D5'YZT)I81$0'320`
M`DS0;N%


MY@
H$
1JN9&BF8NAN@GAHC-,+

M+80YK
_?Q6(-2V57;PW_(I[K=EKMOVC`#UPB00LS-%=B\8-?#M'!1PT$BS

M^U'T\)ER:!87

%&VL4^X2T'A_<_U`FH%TG)6'I0Y-*_1E$'*`(&(+JWSKJ<V]WT
M.JCK07%ZD?NQU3!Y'CB(;#0A/H7+@I8%]#5`9MZ-^#H.(E&%GJ+^%2Z9GDX
M(]C2LVL'
A8I/,[YX)6)'!P@#R;1O(LFTI`?`H?@@;_E
)Q/+



CX1A5VN/2DQ+IIQ`.=M5\\#C`75$/*R\
M:!EF+(MC_TR+&X&(Z'UDMONB'$$UVB=U3*C]ND*A@J&H8UAN&H6V+A*.5#


MI!$7JJ
+LC8:-]_8D[2TB;R?,A/:N]SRXSO26V.%HFR(VK)FNFC&WEIA

S:CDR

MZUJ%8STN68+&3J)*P;(JQVK
Y;Z\BWFYQAMZF+8T_\[Z)OU0&_4&S3M%4P@\

MG_N`CROX73F$%))3('G8J7$P=:E(7EG(HC[C*^I8[/35X8D_LA9Y@]:\-:]R

16F/[][6NC3IZF9Z6.J:K


M$9N2MH(XM/X!&G]PD[]OEA#'PN%_[!K8S2+YR_5WB_\1$2;H^F0;DJA7)'`L






M3N2#)X+_JBM])SO&DNRI:
*S@;

M$

MCVX&89(#AD]@!_$=(:#@Q?6^:?`SDY?S0Q*Y2&%@
MMZCC(8X*^RW1:YSMH#
MF0'-CPQ(PXOUL-W$Y`KRY&34:8]_NL';W=0A&#\P9R*(8'N#-;VJOG7.0P_;

T%SDW!0P?]DI
M
OC9WWA1Y#-XWI:Y8-O9V@&]&2OAS0KCV9PDHA_T'21\!2GVX\6[/X:C47M]
M:=I!;.G





\.&WR^)^1@1\'?L7]]Q





_P\)Z8/C)E*DTQED@UQ'D7
O\A$




N8BC`=2XZB5L;DK8XEF


LI@U'E
MJW&_L-)99:.JH$Q#V=;MXC*15):5*W



M$_KBH\]F7$1[W


L]5



+)-I*@6`V%7\T[JV'M'S;W



Z(NZXX+ORH]
2
M.70=/RK33GX#6\8CU+9)G

X-O4WDS.


@DP[DY+5O;$`ZGI==7HS/]F'*0D\I,O1E_;X&3<S"_,8
M1)382:F(G&=8QYX/


8H`$XS[Q




P@DA$V6
(_6^M^Q;!4'UC


MA?!?Z

M%;85MJ
3ZCI'6RMD*V0??[%K7&+YHXH.X;=:CF=U


M



*)B&D3PZ;M1?';5.



M5T%\R)&D50[S*I/NY22/E6_'ANVJEZ!*=L;U(4Y!OO0E:%CU/D-!7D&^9*=;





M;&8%
^(Z9+ZVC*@=Q7E:=X

0-(G!$G`AB
M`A(':83ZYF1!:





M1A1

0U

M6S7/GHW.5DMT-11KW.KV3XS%6FEBW6+[L&*P1F%8Q*
^(_R%SH_;1U8=PWAN
M&_.&[+I?]]LUSE20^W#?*.%0PE%YM$O=?$_9_$&Q#^HK
US'@







M:!2Z%;H5NBLGM

-M'9A]S/J`]?Z

1G''_7&I$'94`+GMJM3@)W#V09DV`3

M;]W9W


MA;VR4D'%4J7++:7G(OS&/94K45/:8U[%Y

`&8EIS:U+/58XS()XZ1FYY9M5-L)H%K6AZOT1!+2&<J.K)

M)EE^7(A^.4@?*P7E2*B;%25O1M2QMX9&GL=;3!069,5YLK%7%=OX*:V['.6
M2W;FUN7F^AXZZN@@5=!0T*B)M5@37TBJ4(U$#*QRI-?YBA)N)0YJJ!Q9E9C

@]'K5TJ7DA%4ZAHBFT&\:AIX10U




MV8DI4T42VV7.2()
(_PPS*=:N;\J:'OW@LSJ8U:_20;'CWRUW4L8D[+3'J
#0
M@TO/G-HHT:\\6$'7.KV1UBY3_M45=07F8@;7&344RFI/MKHG\]B









]



]^J#_85`V0^H6(A
,V8YR`1[T_0.

7L6/)#772;HIWA(=4$A&S

I1T






M3PE
64ZF

S$R9;.
H;-:&6'7CBXXPQ/YDI

$A@E
$I@FD*W$A@E
$I@SEA@9%1$4:5:


MMQ!*@I4$JX52+91*S


KO_HE5P7X8<3?42CMN!5&*W<*0F_Z4P1NV[;X`]\EKRX%O
MW(##;/`W/ZYCHV@JUP=Z%F@.)2'GU^U7Q&#V78HAO'??$Z-Z.^0S%#R1N@C

X0?7U
@C`T+H$S0!BP#AP7QN6^PXF_](;A2A



MT=MG=8OC'X![\MXQ00+49;(&PO'L[A2IRV07.O&-NDRF)CZ_B2_5:UR_4(#]

P.9N!D1L:UTN[&HWE8W;'1VU]



%%W]

MFHCCZO('%#KT-`)1GTO]@4*!0H%@6;Q%QR+
_]QD$63(Q/+

MC;$
B(=1&8$M(MLYUC[VIVQ!7MS`-LDC(]3Q+3
\
LO+[U&Y/7ZFQ]WQO&PO


$;NF?=L&2Q
)R=/?M^Z
[2Q(FN1JYM:7.4O=UZ6J\
M@UEP\6GN9_.K1IV'?8NN;[#G9
?+;F\GRTYEGZ++.OA?B_:()L_CC01S8C?O



MK1
F^2YX/'`
IV:XV3

'X/'&L=ULUOE.K<*QP

Y^:\Q[3(CJBK?ZN86&:AP
M7\<Z]U6B;=8%8X5C@MRO(Y:)1I*M<9Q!0ZP2][2J)-R!0T%#04-!0WE6:@F
MPO6``:^
6A4M?JEG_@H:AH*&BJ\HKX1K@VU7]5!7B8O:Z^O#88E!E.IK9B


!V8@OW`M61(1K0_=<=3G(S7^-43E<
M%8[/`




Y=Q8

MMG
)`


U0OJ!Y0




U=HJ
MS50`]-WY0;
M0G31&C





7@3*D;Q
7?@$?WGPYQ0@\C2%?QFY

BFA:?E&P&.0X9Q[RE3ZQ*#A7='-\
M-&P(;ZF?7Q%Y@!K'Q::/D^T.@J3S7+:M$?0]AP\Q6=;XYWB7N=SY5WA*\NC
M9I+^Y#??0[B2]Q@Y8N)H'
1AXY4:2GMRF!YW&EC(]!;4W6X!WWUXG5W`]]@I


M

OP3GQ%7:$UC/2Q8F\
MAG%UD\GM$%[$YO!2U!+

MJ


M?NETNP-8P!($KS::&S'=-

G
!.:Z'




&*\0SLXGKB?8IYPP3BSF$
M`E@D+
4#K11J-HVT;ZB/^'&

KRM;JJ%+$&+YTD
MJ3*KB?PC/[]Z=W_WX9/%_0=\J?1\:W&\2O:LS1NZ;]N6;(M)MVFJ#NB^LS
V#/LL?3


\*6B=


M+[QBB:K;J^[E''$%=HB5MAIX-T=!64%Y[1;Q0.MV&Y@[12%9(7G]/CP6C2LJ


H:AH*&@H:C/PLD!J[F5B%!&[4E&;4FRI
[\%304-!0T
M5'C%.42X-M1^50=YF;RL_9XVZC;P)$]!64%YS=':T[I]A62%Y
8C61^.-7W4





B^.S
_J-

`XVIQY2[$]A6!/+H8YA`3


M!IE0PW?A9QX84RR&/F74-$#


XCLRWV+#[*UN=S^

M2NHSYD]=$\3^::$A;J!_

MSN*^9ST&
)7D^LEC$BN`3.`#EM
UQ9




MZHG2^8_W\GSW:Q3/\
[BANWRP&
/

M!'8E:+NT];;NN_A)[W3U5R1P+/GK;^TV_(FQ#S-J\Y]?775?_=+ORE4\.;PT


#Q6@`@!\<)L6!3/#@X)

M
MLO=A'R!M5(W\+ORJ\
KU
VPHGAAY_YUYA@4[ESO/
EBX3P@;.'YR^2YF;#6=



7).T-<)4D
MZ*V=JZ188R@Q\HKPT00W2<'X4&#(#H:J73EJ8JL+I).9]S-PP-_%OBHS$U2

MX;#7ZQ8ZV^'(
M2F:Y






G;I`*_DTMS:


MI]&XG^





.F

MCKJD`NWX.R







)$H14?'`UT6E*^B
M=N668O1S#_9+'C0J%2N7)JCO49
E'N/$A*V:P
H+!Y#4]:381/75S=:AX9



N+`]

A#9?
M)
4+
9:&K=8



NW4*^

M1NC(BH:^$`.7ZPPT&B\L+^%2-W
][`




MVMVN-&VQ$#F*X)6-%NV

03Y'6@VL3L[0DK&M9\9_/()O



R\7$2HVR:Q%:#_!+-!


M+CXZP:-`C'[$0]6%\-)0#SO8[W5]@7GB)Z[K_D/G02X`I+`CS)$-MB%I[W



MCVRG5`\8XLL-O_%!82Q.7F*IV')6A]66G'F*$\H,-J,BQ/&,-[D$.78;XD



ME^R!3GR!#!CS\G&):

MEO

4W@96Z'IDJ3BFQ``Z7
N$22U.X1-S(F-597^.FVPQ`D
X
M*+DQ2D3@-C\J:10'S/:VT@W0R*H3*/0X*H71NN
-@S$?X917UB
`ZT;[IX

XQMB=(?&_XC@0X2$'NS^TAHL%7[=R]#E0SX0T3:9B;UH
MPMFA[?%?KHYV4X&QWGPF9#_6QT&YR_[O5K[%.D[5Z9?:).1@3S99!H87)
M:'-
TZ\

+A10&
Z`4L?@.R0K
-

R&B%@[$8JX%+48!


M+$AO$`;4A



M-&`!

M/TPF*
^)_8(D6


M5VIQR?OJ*15)ZX()\P7L#Q)3X_BI&+C'HC0$
UU@\\2V]Q%G2J30M`]?B=


N1N%FBHQ];J3O&NX@US
MH44J9D:=ES)8C3NBADI'#A#&1?!N*\I+K
F=J#.&
GU-G)`\
O?1TZ=CRZ`$



MW8T?

`M
M@AQ@O#%9X(;$_'GIDA&!G;D7R;O%7PY;7UWPE?^`*W\/+$
37)3.T!XQ:N#P

9;0P'KYTN

F[A/
MPKE$$T]TET$EQ!5.J(3^$E!PV[^O3AAYJ.(SJ.;XB0)`#JGP%A^^$#6%YXV

.3?`:/DG<[Y$V`N*+KG3!?FY'_V`)]PU5#C^N%\*B

U:E*J0Q]D
M5!Q2FB8S/_(AT'K\`.+(HQM$4#'J1W$;]Z#WQJJ*WP$R;6!27A8==%V(0CQ[

ML



=6+L97Y09\T+[
M2?WT=


XIX
MIR







MG



M2[6115PM
N7HFH=LR*Z+ANP+X3O:::A9AM+V3LW[D.[U5\NF:=*@4-:9B8^1
M_2]LCE$4_:-GU;8N2JPNC.XC!QX95#
1K^#U16%1+
0S%H*7O-?BPOGCD(B'
PI@3;$:L1?=
M$$^[)&2/)$9&GB'8J47C,\)QW5LO!',:'<P/KM+&K\MVQH@
&6AX#4-F6

W)D



&FH!.P,Q!+IG0
MWC'AI6.]-\,*2D-*9BT@DM&M[RI4ZK%6-!&T(E(T

M]H)V]UUN!FL2N-H



B:RQ#Y:(J?L?M]H-Z%##I_^G-&4U
M2SG?


MIEH1*TG71


:]












:LO)!\`#.9-7G=8^K%\%
&34_\%:=_J\'WN#QT6./
M*#*W^HQ7??Q.]]1N0^Q4Y_


\BF;^6Y/^

M_






M;RKX\3!F'M-'`?

M^%LQJLHC4^6!I)+N2G_OS:[K+@%OO?C2]LLO(QS%234`I)EN.+19QO5WH(GT

MK)PUZHUM59)IKH@5CJ(EAHFK1
4#U;2O(=
H7*==8GW`?S/=\^LI3[Y:EBP3

P]X-CO7`_;H8H6VJX!-Y!




M+!A
P/P+2JE/.MV35G
K+B@8;D;^O%5&82S80E=TP)W?+Q?R)O(J`O3!+=LY

&_

\3R

GO]_`J=@!+N2+OP`Y@Q8(M(PWBCZ-=2]^6A!SYKV(#8
M:]



4%$





M7(!B:Z%OM8^SH+]L_O(18$W1/VUV

!9
M

7




$


Y\7@10J.;$$GYEB_?


:[J8






P

6!&A$!-)`!!



#T21!HW
K!4
M;-TQ6
;E?!._CD^=\9?S7

MEQ
R5P-#6^ZK_!W3TY\=+/L2`C_$.Q[CQ6!H*0QGX%D%`3?3#3'*D^Y9@-((


[
M97R5P_!.&5_E
.PWAR%IQZ
NO#N


^T6KDP&M;K^[!5IQIH6#

-E
M/3'MU@:['%-QYL/=\-'NX@'H_/(57CCV'_H$P7M:%[\9\3%/ARVVK^6Z#Y
MVI01FO=CW6


$5YCB:#N6@J/M.:
MBDL9C
_)9\RP:S2C7:
C-XW7(9N3[;.
LGV6)MO81$I[&`



MO8`QAX_@KZ]?-UX9`L'E4.J`KB0CGH8D!=8BX1YWAGT0=;1VQ685RX)+S&


MNP=*0-0:0L0P24-_9/4S!FI#C!(+]QVC^E'.HW;/'CE=4@6?1OU&@]Y&8ZX4
M\7/7H0()9

XIC.YH19R%/LB^[\O?Z2U$0




M``(98=^L:$#G6+E=OUMXWA8Q


M!.V$.+0J1:`2YU]L;!DVVUCSEW#]5^L]46PYU2)\0\L;^RV!`/N\JI_J

QI%0@!C

M0!MBPHOE:#^1][0@T&1UGQV^=D)Q#NMA/\R1T`P6;VH9YV#`=[)-[?V8D7&
+<
5Z%7






M%S#X^;`+8#3EVEB/@&9_-8T#G6#\CLM%DF^@S4*X#J\5T^@K^AW:S0E+P5
M

F[A/8C]`]1).^&U@^$@HFJ$G^XW/
M0<&7:U^=,-I4Q&=8GP`?XSML$@#<3XQEAE*!08*P/9=X<PLT#R%SCC\D^[-
M*#9*2A9&'?B*N91F]T0YM004O\)6$QT'A*WH*WH;9WER+8/;.J#K:PL;`-]T
M#.GA-+0+%79A&*3DJ


T9<^;YB[
M8L/
#\:5R8[KP_C/]6R(!-SP;G261MV[E!NSB8RX36B-];(51++.M5_$LC#H



?BGD!T6%J_MB84D;J.XA]H6^G.+$9[

4T4N`'T$O










3-#'H_F.



M=

?`0^0/Q^:1*;153/BS'S.
H6
4LYTOQS63N
M5,-Z(U_R8)SS*NRT4^3:QV\JH%J)\7L5X^-*CLQ/G@Q[N7E9)4J5)HE<!GW


_$+EI8B7CQ]X_U@3-F





MB&8.'C

MM9$U56+/S$X!^IV`'&EP=NEZUP#S/]DC&5P.E@[G\

MHQ)V\&;4:_M*@1`[293%(-H3_I7H[$YT]F7T5:)S\*)3M&';:K?C;6??\G-Y




ONWHTOQ;5UX.&M
+`=
3NXQWPT]`[^=



DB]B0P
[JH[?^







1P/&O@Y'

M7^;HQ7$(TC+U+2XB&()S6)39
USY=*^B]A[5L&_U!X%_09R&H/=SR'I!&-E
MY)AUQ4M(3%#GC6.^)O_O501?*UBD,&VKHD*ZR=]4V%:9HZ1734Y#:H3[K%:
MFLAT!LK')CPETXHG`)8G5-$3F%=E^TNC^O''4Q9#_XG]_

MWWV%DC^H_R


M[3@C+J
M/\-H(6X69*M?1^`ODTZ!284F6DX($^1^/?I
9&2HE`R\C)IB
M6,:'0?<T(NBBXND!XH5Z)B1!M4O9%O!V96,%S!@3&.#(DCV#UR_QP.N1(#H
M#4*6&-
Z2F-Z9D
#^EBA8ZNJ`5P
6#*(?(H'(F=U69')#Z'2U1FE008&BIF
M(RE5K`P4\N@Z:6


MSQEMQH&N
PJDV-:Y/A4:6_Z98
5#0B-:OF_*Q'\KF=[@P^AX.K&J`:17HH
_%S0LP0YD4B!4#ULH:H
*$
MIZ%OW^4
.$TSJA7(;T&67A4L

,<-;`!;]('5P*E&U\CA6$0TR[4$;#I+\STS+S<\QM8M$





MK3`@T
@*@-^N2$
TZ^JD)&DG(M\3P1;$L!P&=%NO:=VQMUA3N)G/2GHJBP1O



M0









CUN'*DB]Z[#`(:#1VC!;]YO#





:4


&3


ZE#!57%?/Y99F@&\NMQX.IN1*3F9G?

MZ(82LHNU1D@6WWV



;@+7OR_YA9^#OP\AU4!#L@
M7[W@?`=+B)\%F_M
_**@J$O-]3T$+(04WN4LX-U]X#=PINHLE*Z#V?3.I_

R8?IW]T-+'!PU;
M)97`






MPN.;+3.B/[8A_8
!9M#63

MC(8










`_X#595VDY;0Z`QB_$6?2B,KI:DC-%-92!US7
MT#<:LE6WOZ0AK8!V42WC^'*!YQ!GSX^UM=J
KSZ2TFS?MI92!
[%$Q4LP`
MA)UN[7.G;ODX((@DMY8W%P\'MHC_Z
0S`'I#4NK_3.=

(+5Q#

WNQ!]GIAQM#W#.G5WJ9+'S5L;/4=


DTH=OVAMU6:AGKSDHXF?;2
=;81F3XQ`VM'
MNB^Y/6='ZBN;9^U(!_F[_9LCCDIU
O;X7-_DAMN\/27SK!#IR!$=$R]L\


MHA4N*[\]0\QP1



.JF24+'V
[6
MW;XB'-Q


MTHFVWL_ORZ];4LHHEKNJ5W2YQ^WQ'7G\I_S?
WM)%/3C;-3'[M#BA/W_
MU[NK;;D9B1;Y(T'?W\WPZCW[^OX.)0P/SQ')UP\D2K-H5@+A'.51G&2T\I)C





[
D95\VTA(G\ZO5

F6[G!6$L#KZ-KZ$F?5X
M]T)Y81+W'.^Z7&Q[XO@IC1?Q+*(:SF:X2'

MQ?09]1\Q)





M^I1





M;6





P&!/

4[


M
N)-8]/6WD
NN;-BM2IUJX+

M-[AC]R&E:
Y/ZX)@D1-5S2



U]#
M+J_<5_[KDFF)KFF/61\PRH'B6G#0U*1(E4;2*^(M2@6[]<










X$T8=9H+FP
MRB[2F:W(
L'



FI^
FI^
FI^
FI^
F
MI^

M1&&;;1!R]D'
XQ8'C0MS?:__'Z]HE#<
MM`]`EURMO-^]`.ZN903U=GLE8Q;2G@)F+6%X/JKSZ$%`S4H!(R&#_
]-K&
M

V@L8N'<[U7W71A3FP.8B!!%&[M),@7D
MJ6B3PIUTM%[AO::D^P*R5\NX@*.I`..[9=N@98#TM65I\U$HJ#2V$1C5_:I5
5L6K!_(,6
M;=5&MHP9SBJ/(1)`QB`1)2-4%071`=6RGB/9D24M!(3U)'2(A@Q/&2JNL)$





M[5*U9

MLRU4].+!G]2SXQ$N9EPTBB:$+*OBB/*;;=T


MV]MV%-3A6ME




UEYW6WMF7T(N)-?XV3`X)



M6**A:_O;!;210[0==$2G#5P\?%S\:+'*H+G+57-YH7
7_^:3PW
3
TYA4:
MV5/@P'7+


M%J:@J]^W!=-YKP4#HOU=9.9N_[PEY!;&*Y=V]X-FEI,`)SB=ZX2FWTK`JQ

+&SGW1
#2.DMN(QJ/PZWPR




MNC5)4--
+:-T
BH^S`(EB%1V

MZ-OV6

T2MG

/M^0Z/36OJK3:7XGU7G;(V$$1KSWEF\&QSK;M;SAQ8RB%%+J95
M$3^E\;_9FW+3?(G(&5X]$[1D`1@CAM33];`^O%7N9
=[_+[CH$T=.XJ=1$'$




MKL1F5


@'1

H

MD-?*[9@2VDY
4@4M#=[F&<1\KWZ@XY5M+MVM1PFM+Z3L``@'`\&5&I:P@!@V_
^!M=(



7R[B6C11$A*VIT
`X:%!
M2[M1]C.U`:0((J7M0F


AC9Y%`*%^B&Q+6)
-2M):RNZ'2]_?
?
M


*V_Q#3Q'`#8$]W6C.)?K^VN




Q=9'J^B'$T7QIV<3=&J?<V*C@1R


B]
M9I
5J(!P(]=7BJ!MHE?--

YF*Q0$U9-
M)2

)105]0[80$\Y))H5

JJ
MFP4JZ\F)C.R-^[5(W;MTZBT[6;/Z@NAWZP
#'1
DXV[M*S#8EE_'@@NI5E:6
M;W




M63

PMHQA;3H15))7VXR=



`HB@<A[.(-')#H0!B@%X@(5TF1('UP$DQ:Y1PGE

M_\TJJ+W80/H=%%NK(0O3A%]WV98.]]#QX-*)2.;`\SZ#O@4(J0*'W:+*&O

4V&'V9+!:D'SZ3.3++MXI1/4.&/SLP=$5BVDZY!6



M6;#ZAM.7


470[NEH0#N759;@*

M:?_@^/8#1





.[6H/PGL\

M;!?[#4'#*&]0Q';[
7F-
0MJX4H.Q!(TRGO?8'.($T''^V]:BA\!K9^#N
MF/PMC`F_\XONM\/`BLJO=WC`:B1VWRD*Z4TIMZ
P)T1NAR1'9XUTZVH]R$8
M=44'@?Z]62*@

PKFXY-RW



WF*1S=DGD+&=+^NRGVDU
F^5;
!ZM
MK0=W:+^71BC5S13Z-C=8N'1J]S7K.K;+FG\
YQ[


UL(

X=#=`G[D





VS[\+P-E)D[VTAW`D$7==_%






M'PD.Q[&]VBZ@]'$?G7AG

<&R6^KV=?O=D
M*[2(BB2W,59'`WUS_;[+T[M^?JB\+R=4;^.7QK=?,$*Y1UR!MW`@A(O44

['@!WT+?MWX(=Q61#6S,*'UH6W(
/?OBK
MM@7;I!(+[DA'84&!9N86W#'B&_$'L.!FSEI5^$EL/AE=W78P79B&T]!)PVHP

/[DIE;PJ@]JN

M

M?3N\))I

FG4M3/$-6T?O-!%D5_A*#
#Q[O7&@W99U

%!&MB-0URLGA.\1J@V

WB2_CYP=\
MD=(&6H/3`\O2(O2I2ON;WLKQ`P'



M3Z2:[;`-LMG0&?



M@AA

M+

-7E8QL0I]$4
K9'?9?B#









4=2OTEVDU0SSZBB'
M]6U$\AAE5^GDB2T6;D#NQDQ8:MC@0B#M[NVEG:=!\1VF&=(N]W5M<5((BDC
M'$;`
J



MW8




MR]?LPKA\DLXO:*C\S%0Y70M!8,2?*ZB4V)4`81Y&]C$$EJU!-&G"45CC`&
M)50HB/B








MWG-O%NOZSAZ?Q+E#292C^3









MYJ!M3'%G5V40CSI
9C-V'7^V.S!5$S;NG%_3):\:4DT^`D`9ZFP*'C7[(%Y*

RP!

MY[]#+RC=B-@Y1T6_P(Z48!%CTMS9$AY!O&67V!$M4-9EF)W]8TT[S_


M5%V;DLTH`.BDC9QUC

(/1`TRC7=QZZ0

?%H@=W#]'SSB+\^PJG27%G.T4OD/SHI1PNN`;
7S9Z,;ZC=]7F6@J=@?4DQ`J\(PT+&6-?4G-O


#$T
3(S
M
W/<.)8O



^D;KS08GQ_QW:)TDB(OG*

YSI[Q]G=OWC#O29S^

MWM1B;]A/;\[?OOGU_'??\NU/51'98P

M)+C^[2G#.[&=)
L:







;\TC8N2_\)1


E7]







M'DAD^JGR4

?S
PLRW+SY(

VQ8
L^V/H=

DT7ME-4E_64XQ**1




M41$#?V1S9NC?4[


-#9^_Y$_=W$



M

DR*O?QG&XNKG

X0CNAMR2)-S'.UP\Y#R9#J&H%:]PJ!%U!



H*V@QQ?31BO=)I!'H9+4@2VABO$N*B&K=`X-
MN*4VL2H;_1QM::+$L(S6;]ZAK!1DR'K`.$-YE%R'8Y9?HS*)*)XPESR/9O&






]9Z*A-
MHFW')HK2+8HZQA:/*;#X)GZQ-8I8(!X&`0ZPU`'1$S)U!2W47
PL$^*&E5U[
M9ZBQR`G:M7F&:JOT+V;WC(LTIG\0V`I]I\7@A;/]^CUX.GI!]O1MGF@F&C_C


//D8U[7R
M[
CUP4Q)P_)RC*&G@!CRPIDZL420'=$-)E?

MH1%/G`^:R*KI!I7WJ:S/0#+SU$ZKWZ76;46M2BJ4IL^HVO7TTB9K*C4#4H6Q


MG!5Q3LMV0?(BY]L77^[QM^)=(NII&$DWD5
C[1P$E?9AXYF)*W5HTEM8=830
MAS`6R1C6.)E4+4/Z*A7[3#3P$0*IJEJ4\V@@
*9.(P#'ELJD)X+TK1MRHJO4




M)T=VB.0=WAPS/J+XX=LF.6[Q]I)^5-;6'XNJ]!^B+*4]R?P69SP;$)YZFJS
M)B:,35?^0I0E.:`!5)&`S`_O2YDQ
Z%S%%*^
0'MT7_0-P3_?/`SBUC^F@3















%UHQ(+S
M^\S0!AOLF.(8$M?GBM;I#)5ZJ(5^K;KP(LNYT2T9B)D+WLL.XHC*NB[JG)EG
MR$8-FD1'V9*-=+SP?.#%PYH3&[_V]!;9:6E]@V3#!M:SBJJSH2K`W4]287^
MY@*E5:MSX.'D0ZJ\U
/*-0@P:8-#RX3(#I4%?.UHM&HZ(.`X;BR\X?&M/1[O




VB?(
M;1=Z%U;=R^F#'A:[






MK6Q(9HKN.*2;Z

IBO1D)J4W]



M`RT2&1CTA&+CA2`BE4&X___\X7=_^
._ME'_=VA]+)Y(%O\3;]&__N'L#W_@

M]O:/_QX

M^O1$H?G3


ME
%JCOQC)WY63%GZU[#3CMSJUH$


!
M*8\N2KAZ6+5&V%E9I1E$[:#*4%9``1:B1?(C`.0@^%A8'(NX_+4`NTE`Y3%
M



I!A
MQQ9]DE`S`0[RZ&)H3!91K,H26A9'#LFAXP9(\4R`0(T+DC#02\`G!#KW<@.
MP?%IU`Z3T1E^HDE
_(S+M.83+FYVM+`FLD.YR52@*05&+;NL^NO91&ZTO'

)XG2D$!*VWYQ!-I!U?AQ`-'Y$$55Q_+G:Y+G

M3XMR`.ASG/]V':?XJL#[\=$I.L&&DG)!9Q+*3
/23N-%332E\JKW'#$!](6)

BC&Q&`X!WKTT#=KZ6ZSMTTC$I?G94!P\/^L[\)N?7W9Y6<$YK\C,F%
MQB(9I39F;RF=-E97U.=G8F\A

M.K.BUU!]M4Z?\#''V9MWQWSS=(:NKR_XUNVG8[JE.4GQM/SV;8-J5]%*4CT:



\R(X;
M7J;T-B./%)YY)QIO6B'#')1`$K(C$,30^-'1P^E^JHKP2Y`K&6.:K:H+Z)
M?;V






2#P

DA-)[_$#S7'84`P[.Y:LDM`(U5]#*F4(Q\D=B$S;4+%1M4FBOV





^=EU`&-$-=
M8?32ZH*&*HTW+Z









VY
IW[

MYXSD@3!16?






.7,T1EPV;#@CBD3A=;4E'
MWT2*DA$WN0__J`

MR(\^M`;QY6BJO$=B]Y0X2\V]EQ,@X0L-KX2H)C&1@ND!!4;:8(KOLO0%(6
M);N2T*1H;7M:MR-Q8T6.@;9H[+9
-L]0&ERO3%#/*J:(*T3#EE9)29FA[:!H
M(SVF2B^J(`[@D55RX[ZI8W5\E49=U+H$=&J5065KV&-R@I5

M)CM2SN=1$F5L20\[Q2['SSAC!U4%1GI[*IPB0P:`*&L4UE.+$L60C!IC.4



3
&G-O!
A(A))+(PK8]-UN4






LOEK&$SS@
V-6LD/5Z$P*2F_I=
MFM/#8
1.F/J

?]+W

M__8+PN6JV2#X:0@'?1

4Q4G(FJ=P*;
M\QG[4Y/4T
RJ*\G7M40=D:59:8$)
KW.AI34:_

MCS;#`IE484/B*17[G#/P$0#=VEM9/L?Y;^MO\7C9EUYT1#21*!C+QL;]4$SJ

1^


MM9GZRA9R15DK
L*
E

M.S.OAC0T
2:?R6OG[P+L?!A#2
Q7B\J5TE=C0\)F(\\!D/MO41:S\6BCME$E


G?QAM\-LW@'?LH6Y@A7HGNRK@H&;?1]QPZ5$WD,,0.&LHY&SS]5Z3XYI
MP88(FW4-898L$`=<XC:8_T5@DJ+Z.?&)JJ
SPYQ80JPJH4$
]?MBL6
MH\V&-04L[I-

F!


/:!;^%73H8G9MUE:W2T#
ZE#$U-@GW-2D<?
MOGL1&6

C
M!O6I9+0=&(X8G
9DE3


M+)/H=QEVUJ/7=7A+F57U+N:6NGJDO!JK24@EL[\@H?)-%A]8=^AF]PE_79=+

MW17M4+
YUR8O\[BG*\+LHQ]O;Z(5333K\!F.M88*C-6?J./GWD4:


CJ\]X=TRW?
_.%A]('M.D8WOD



Z*2PG*`#-+F3^9:


?


)@JO^!F2Y(DRO+VUX4WXIM@TRJOSX=-8I=&AKY(9]LF6`6CD)

`ZU$6A)N1]+`U!G8!Y^\-?-G





;O@[?T'\M.739DW6;%L3&^AQ-



<X$QY#092M?
M*A76W^W@^..F&A(*=/


I@XFQ_59I@RS?10VFD

`N8



M[UXZA;S

I$U37QX(GM7_9$<4Y_?L$B89BZ'L#HGN;A<J%KB6Q$NX`J4



M$QCW$J3D?HQBCDR].X;:'8X/YL1KHPH7\5I3



5T
V:\!#3Q6QGC`41K]^]O(LH
MC)


M/Q3HYECD191NJ60@A#2%BCBC




M3WZ@W8?R

-!5\4;ZU@G\N@=S



X-DSZX=XQ
MQ)#_YXSDH\V)AN+ZH%N)^XN:W
%






!+(RQ!B9'CW




;PBM


MS`_60+:V@+19M


A[_.8K3:Y+G-^E=E.;W6U&#CACIPP/
M8*L7K#Z,2M1





MF_#!S%9@?#$'AX!05O4F)IS6A(B1AG[G1=X)#;V@;-3BSG/73!)$F;65:5

?D%=@PC@+0$LT-\CD9.
MX1H6W=KF#K6*Z

MJ``^QE

M
]TGK@1I;5G/A^@.X!W;5N)_(+TJ;P@[\%\61K6@*HCV&P[PV@KUP#G4A:U/
MJ\$5_037V+A%C9Z?;I7*QBJ


MSP




U:OJ^$1/Y35(:+'
M2&'
#HG-4



K9.DAA]5_(PWY#&-_TG%RKD**IVS

GX*@Q4EUSE51:-;0N\I)_M@J1%G!YIQ^7F@+-R
MW.0=WI$




QKQ2J=O
Q$[`:1.^[DYG=1P_)D!9:.44OHI+ST(/@

MU#120WH
I:#(T;?KA1I%T;$$&C6M@H+=@AY7%.0V
@9)#4I(@*\L\N(4)?
M04@#D4U_



TE-Z*LWY]NXB0NUQ!JIF7!#*N3Y4F&_21.
M$XHR0TH^O503\K*ISKJAI2\6WG0T'+#UZ:`CI(P2R`D^#'+.R25?/B3B_#:*
MMY^P-+2-!(8AJB
`%6H:D\8AP_RR

M0:Q$U:AB(SCRXA52
K)


AG)Y*!K(//B
E1J?1DQ1VEBQ9&A3_A`(6;0U


G`Y3FO52W]9X
`P

M_8BC)%^GVP]L8T01Q2E;K6&6$5F;4R=

M;-`L6Y8RM!`F&85;%Y=XB[
H80O.CK1(+ZT^S?#
XIF;;75PFVK;3Z2;5IH9
MPIY3P2;$0`=_J]MZX0Z*O37W]W]#N6U-,JH5)!SQ'C^BCH#BVCD#C-C4%\



2]85F?(

2EQ.X+;3$1E2:6TNVF':O
KSEXRM4ZX&J%B_E:$NH

'I.JVK3B

2L2$[1V)0=!P8]L(_L0\CPHE4

M_
S:FKK5

G
S*K^O3
/$



MELF^RMCJXHE:HKBD23VI!:L^+@\*28N\_P@M%&@!I
[@#:I6F[5+;&A2=:7G


M:0!7J8(34.[
;Q:F]6M'3HVY597JHSQ*HHR/GWZ-6&;&LC#:36
WS@1RVYD]






DF),.;:;2923A7U#CBT$O
5ET.LVB2YH2



U_S(!%PKLW8'P`(R\XET25Z&M&
MGKQKX`%ZRTY[E46L+F&0Q/S!TT%\;YX

I=;6&$'?8W5-W7Z/#1[Q_P)DD`HF%!K%H*`0$




LB71TJ%Q&$'\!5





MD/R886VO02$ZY)=0%(I9`N.VG'K&V0

NF&]B62\K#
M
?PP]]BVEP1'ZL:20?*Q[^#&-17UJ^:

M92'?=+X6XQW;W4B[

^46]\



M\4-7'2*2B'3&3)%;#HHNHHZU1DQ!%9@.ML2P;YJ8=K15JG**A-#?UE6LAAZ:


BQ?U$[4;%'IKOAC



M^





.?49WA&:H8]






M.&9\:O0S/D0O?

_Y(TN))Q?#)M@3$GV`+
M


'\-'8
MFQPW!B5:#/3+M,FC(OA!_/16F)E!W,X/ODTM\$.:T6]BMQ;E];$Y-;5V9B
M]C#SE030LC:%@(TRE5G6JO[;J46)#IZ<8D2_?ET#Q%?B%A[JTBP$\P7;TK8`
M/C#NVHY^)=\W/\!:4!BA-)ZRD?))6=M3=&UFED.Z'+QIMQ_FG
G*DF.KC



M*05HWMS899W#_Q9.'+`'E4OV.ZQCQ^R7F7-*?]OR+(7VY7J(W1)X@;IC'Y&9

M+?W@#TPK[(5`)](65PF$4T
\MC&Y;SMS$]QZ#:!O][X#NRRONV?3B9F$#E








`HR1




M`AEU)2!(


MWR#'FE3B$XUUH#$.-+8M'--\Y(GNQ?$7R-I
=
.V*&RPF;.1%'LE(,8?/#R
M%;3@@A54LNU8!,CL'*`H?NE4Y?\\*;CM\.EG9HEVWY!C3'46CM#K;UPQO(#
M))R\AQ(

MP((-(?L:.H8;





L#&
M-ZCBJ(
;C)?59\PVN:%6$/6M!7/6$1XB3?T#.;L_%^6`

M($ZWS6C458'WTLAEJU?')W
]URADZ@DTUE@Z5484*UNKN^.!XHIA+TK0-LXW


VDHEQVTY
M
%NU7CDZ1_10[+TRG0'9(Y#R%2H(.)C3%!6+$ORZ(!ANP/N


MEF018(/-U$]W#X_J\Y]6[4+]4O

E;KUD;ZHUCY#5)_ULOA5(]S$]TL'R5S[



0P/6&7-K8+;$HG:Y8
8\*`)
;M$SRC+F_W82

M]IF6KKJIE$9!'@0_\P5?^7`!C[VBN$%3*L+&`(4KC\

MIQ?68\3H*GM&$E*MFLL*%@LM9S*36A!RWT1NEG4DYZ]QC.4+/BPSIJ$H









MU+?NJ\[9WO8\+MA/A6UAQS9/I&D5`VA2*@[2F/9



M^Z\XH9W

#$]K#.3/`)5(_P)QO



O_Y
M@7+WRQUR!'Z:H

M_!_K='M+:4Q+SO]YL[N
<7=&IH\Q


M53K;?A$$ESGK_3C`Y[S&3RO2S
V]0D3)
E



MQ$ESOR'D(K))![G$.!N!FQ`8VP1GE-\82O4'WH7]0##&7I75*X03(8%A\+
M2UJDD(:L+\C^D.$GG.;Q
RX/./UKFN$HB?^)MW^.XI2M]KE)W^




M5JHW8J#&P[*



MI8`I.H[.)IR:R^WNAZ3]:;?QSC#-]F9'MD2TJJ70D#\!K+5Y_)0-Z11EH/
LD!JX220'P2V/:89\F]F5!)IKUB/Z.X^AUMV(
PJ*2J8P&)-)4A

JG@1P)H:M08O7U!Z00
M*_0(H;*Y'!=H)7^*]O@]V4=Q.J2`\&&-_

!T`[=DW@

B
MQ+F%O68-:!M-5[R;^P*E@[5;)5LLK:TJ!105B$DB+HH^XH@)\O'W0-*91@B
MSI4[(*FYD1Z';7TO1_%R%N\JI25BF=N0QY+'-5E'CUT9.3`(2CNQ;26W1JK

Y


)'




P%A#

M+ADHY_H(
*';J)X

MA`5#(%I172#GHKZ818U[6+^F=3:)6+5ZAU4FPQ0!G#MH!`
3B@VJRY!?5
N(
M78UUSVCS'\4[CER@=OX#:];!W!)L009RR5U@QO*ZD`YV3YC6PRR=88L[Q
QL
M6(Y9!7/7F#E`3`BHOX=

M9-)V3SV+3X0PU]`V%!T-;[1L?


J!%3-2AG`8AP4V

MZ^B




J+O1E5_R?
)`[UE`2<\FE#PI`LZH*
%.[;`@6=\-.!0N@9?$&-I
MHGH8`E!W/%]':`3(([7^\RVQ+(]\5O\4.!MBO/\GGS1;5U]GR$33/Q!K`Z

?BDN*CWC2]-#4
8D&E5-2216K//+!
O

+UA33'H2BZI:5!:Z;PH:567JTW&W)DBVI:P869HZ]78EL#


2^4=3<74[=0TV]ZAS







*3+5_8]DPC7^/T



#VG`%F62;V`\\]:':37+N!N]
M

+[C8:9F

:93!6Z45^C
M`




7.FIHV)C54EACIR2W/'M.K)
MQ-H9

M^8[
:CM&$+11U.B8+NJ/+Z3)6$5`#YG=Q6AQ]Q1E^'*\?:[-DF#+[.8IUE





#J^]ES_M*.C

UNI2]_B




LJ-8+)V1U(T&O,7`5F)7!%:BK?K8^@%$L0/+JCX_\;J6

)-87I!
M1;(%M#E



M?X1=&2E_Q%WI!PJ@8_*9OHS-(A`#C5&2K]``:WJD/OP

?37(D[B?]*'-,%[CUF$*E?SLOW`95(72J0Y8$F)8-!


C?LAO]2/&;LEZJO^U86]2PE'=Q:&0F5%U0NY


MBY\I%I[Q=1P]T$XI*_FZ:
ZE




];`##/65#^]PSN2X8[`XKM=(#`LC%5N6)+%*WNK


*OKXS(O@BF

MR;I


MS^%B$ZX[
KT4GGHJS@4R[
0X^EE5JIUKYDJ3U5*19L:9CWSPGZHU]]5B_4\D



Y.

E?I,WT5DKU<
M'+.,_F781)FI48*U6J`8X0J1QY/B#)R;#HXJ#6UJF46DU@`W)*)]IM<G'

MEA5O^)CQ^S@YLN




M=/;@8[Q5-('W!XBN%)YVEP$7D##74?`?GLQK#:.*NO2\S[/4.N*;9.JL
\




MGV6()




M3Z`P\FD6&PQ






MJ


`-JN_M+@;`C4;OXW










H*O]%X]K([-3;`
BYJ0?JV30:?C!MV8#`%<*J-8%^]].*/_
E



M8A78S7`27K@T&$CA__
E/+RP*\V5^=1SP
MDF:%!Z`URT(/R]*%I1I_A'2R67TN;98YK4=\3SY27@#Y`
N`=9`#7:-K\`9





M_=5M.9K&1LA5^9



X^UN4'/$Z

HA6Q+*R7]L.J#*OZ





\
MWH`NB)C@$G8
1.
RC&$192&#.PC8HM`SC*#HB[%J?D//_04

M#'ZHQ1C%7D9?E-X]#





U
1ZM
+%_W
M3*57F-W#$-O/82MN_/!V*HM]L3R=WS+U^YQZ!`RFCP#R)D&'/X]G4+&A^^XE
MMJ_FVI[O+N+Z/PCKQ$/N*?=;HY%7ENQNGCC/T-2Z]`/0MCKPNWH(;EM.TM
X]?;U]$Q]W+JM=0^


MVY%L']$86T7_SB7-.:721_E2T63Y[9X0S##/'L]:2(UOP$;RF8!^V3$M




3:TJF7Y=LE:&C'Q?.G(8H4-XE)S0_:;Z/?Y;.YQ.8;&


MU=S0JB.+6F%42R]


MR
*/+`%S(RL$]

M&#@TXHS6SNKBYM/=S?75^_7]A_?H[I[^Y^.'3_=WZ.827=Q\_'CS=W]9?WY
MPU]NKM]_^'SW+^C#_^^O5_?_%
]I
&X[;)OX\L=SM2'?C2UJF']+.?_AT]W5
MWSZ@JT_TWQ]I+P5SL3DMZU\:1@P

MIU29`S#NDY3-7J^_Q=*^H$IV2JQ+!2K1-:]T$KAR(A74OVVWF&2B'42E$^



V)0VW\O+-^[P9]5Z

MD@/UM_12ILG8(D#5/22\I:E^$)A4CM``U\+G8M739N%!A,+ZN@MN`G/*A\
MSA`@#-Q/!%:J^4FL^I4B$WW[*!PCGIP0)D^3)A6NU&@4!DS!7ZL@0:+*:G

#Q?RE*)M^$XD/#@F$895;1


M7/K8(#2U$)-[W!.RZ2#C@PFV3/O9








M);]2/=159)`M50
UB76%H
MSG]-Z=?9\LVK47)+(?84Y?CF(8D?.?TNH@(_$M;7_#

MCV-
^_7Y@_6:/5]H8PZ4@VF&)#T!V1BM*`CE8]6Z@VAEIK9ZBVQ]IE;A&1


M&9/)^CWV6.F#\


1<_2S)E0Q[=U7T*WS=^]+)#I
MS]#Z8$WAH8XSI%$\D=BP*-#-B
!AEL6TS'JDKZ
RK8L:1;K-PC*X9$QECV%
M'^P1(1$^IQ$VM_IN&1Y`3M,*#;H,$PX-+C`Z$:_(MT&W2E@1[;$#AA(X3_



MCNQWF
E!]J2D%B=WI0069T\!1V4(H#
E*Q-L'BCVPKI3_W8JT4L/3:=$3HD-

MJM!3MLT**N6Y`A9WMTB_I^L9)`BU!BV7@G'%4^FJ]
$U)9:
JGQBU+BO;T!P

MW::05=APGD
&<CDM-6$&CS-OL2<9(3;;#(#&Q?M
M2]!B[C[D1;R/BO'IC
*'=;


Z






'UH3PLFHQJ=%#6YF2G#H^)\;

MEFR._%9I%J$'Y=7X$#%*J;*Z.^[9*$WQQ-J%+'MA=1SQDPCX]4Q1DM!&I-9%






R3N




M9%&:L]D
MM:










M(R$:'+9BB

M79\2H)-VVMBL-@ZXM=G
D7QSLXG^BJ^.8F(\&;KFZ\QWJ!0-YHH!T^HG$^IH
ML



:Z!@'3\;_3OO(Z]V.WQV%M[=15KQ(
F93\7HV
M7ON--6IL0XXZ6GH23[]:61@578DF1QJ!1&7#9K-H8`F5)-@YE2C6H[9VKF


MF^Y;RLBI)E=

PS'6`'($!09_=]L8:
MOD\NQ_P

M4D1+FL#)^IWCSRWU74\JMG('.;4QT;7R:.




M#U9*W4RG3ST$R9?8
G4B*%:[E4ARF#TT`%2@&.0ON`AP



M'!N2IFLR.$7[JR?HSAA*S%NTNO.`0F?\3^.,?WKDF3K#?TSC_G*O$Q!DXV
MZFOIMEPNA9JBDOPV.M2OGU4I.-KF[92#$E8WL?.MMH3/\N)..%9_PW^D=
M^W$QNXRS=
*0_!0]TZC?'



MKHE`-O\O3`O9/7/+\
*QTSG9+V#OU*D


+&O=*2=#--J2P]/+





PB
M-K_`[ZL


7NY_1_33_KKT7).HPHCF0P_&^#I2[=#=2!6RQH&F

04XS

M65LNEQVWY2)9(#*

U414D1GW


MG0$X`[G=0U5E`H`:W-`AD!:!U/LM&Y](^F%_2
@+QN_C#&^HONQ.#97HX`8-

&^:E
M5W`986%XXNSL1'_HNT1@?\RTW[!!OLS10J+Y-AUKMU@F(
C3'VBIDN3W

MB^8&?^L#J0





$*EQWX\$^^L9/3&X70%8#US\3^B_F$3'TL`?LT.3B
MY1=$[3_&:42[I@Z'#+1K=_/N9'_LO#2VG@B21;=L,.&^E^(&S<BH^A5\7X
MI3EF+TJIPO$AI\;9$%=$WW;+3]<;G[;'S\TNN[U\G+T\:(\7JMKN.D.J!WH




M`85BN&%\
I8L
@-K
$\L
)D/*(C.PAA1\9E`.

M2V[4&TH!&WZ5BVGX;)K\4J!I[]^&%)S=



)NQ_/#V0N.,H33
M+6VZ4__]HKW@ZMAJ=MBJ46+V89+H1GM_DN%\UF9X7=KN=(M'?.U?NSTIJ
M[%O5H'

M!$]G12X2%!8^*5)6++-AKC^542'%CU&!M_(Y(8^%G#TXO/UI==&T_Z]@UV$`

-9&W*@FJBX)X
M67X$PF79])U'0M]]=B^%GO

(V\O$%@\'(T%;`DUD?&CDLN

M*;RV4`4Z'''_E=P_D6




MTLB!9]C!=%`




@Y3T/%9.Z]YP.14`^9\@RZG


M64%;K
LXI5VR.$I04NF^()IBDXR=[QL5;





MN`YL7_*`MWCN

MGT#PW(69(W/@'7^9!RFUQ`HK]C
G#A-B



JQ]%5_


#TU9%FX6


MTKT

MPZX$-NE
U*@:\-J/\:IRH(V[Q[8LH!G]EZ*)PUK'KRM[MDUS2K5ZR^8QM
M3)F48;X5!=?V=U'Y11'G&[('O/(A[^QS4$8D8S*I'A'HV#$9C^8*;QE9WTP





M*M#






M.5[N/J

[#8Z[[V`#+A#L

MZD
;:[D$+4
GX)T+.[_2.&-CQJ@[D#4&T;:RR*Z:^XW:7#9NV&*(3*_@/M$-
M#30
0Z#2]T9OTAB9[T/N8B6:(Y099\L

YP`6UV[XYL.]DMWY5V
ML[M*GVES1+*7S]6MY^O\@NP/)*6_LJ?-S&]UKG\Y`UQMMQQ@TX/EZD.6G9A
M'F!!P%,'^+))R0WMBF_-K'=LY]QXO6^RWO]1WS@0U\XX=S[.8_[9'LR([YM
MDOLM1=M%@








M2E9LFI8'&5'%;Y8S3U+CE

H;S-*$$\P(
MG(%FT-Y/!AKP30G*%ES3:L.VU-Y;9]L66=P*7\997HR&)3.\)\^X'+*D*
N/
M^T-Y:62&\H@ML3MF]76

MX5O4L_
+S()/RZA\)/]:5*JWJ77_3(%SKC_2$A+QA7
MYRM@KIB4%W%6MU
O/2AK%UB6AF#=%XDWN;Q
RXEJ^




?TTI99_B0WUR^K!=WU5&T3YZ8=/[


M6G8^.Y/C7Y%+#L`8R+R^)\S)3F^'!1ULSXS=5U
YB7%^':7;=;IM#O[]B%F/

M?W
T]M(=.BO(D*DU.DBU3-3;I



ME%L-.ZY-;!O




6]E4]W9+Z5;+H[B1UWH
B4+-OWA$S0I?RW%
!/U`W+BPXDS0E?



^\G#@71+M7HLW5C-




U&IQY*


+F5J9@]$/$_5V&

M!1ICLW'G#DTVZE;)


M1GF4H9@IPS#.Q)?'G
7O0$)C:U)LIB,ZZ/20#F6-MCE%?=D

MSQBQLX:X9DY?O9J$S-&!5@3]D_9E^.ASC@\1M8BK/GQIL#YIM2Q`?L;O/:5.
MF8GF-[[WJG
-`?OU=ZA\YS;U*K=B587E'ILM61':4[-/;%D)ZU/1%(V=Z8KI

W/V\Y(;.


8=OD\R8N/9


WVV
M+6V*GO_R@Y)ZA)T`)QTS::AB`.;7D$7RSLRW)3/?_&#F+
R4)/Q!

M(E^SO&M8QO=1
:2WA4;U

%9OG77#F%20/HY1R2\5?

NX^N2'QKCL2P\R2/2)5D.1Z0IJCK-
G?
QQ]NZ8
M;YZNDXUP\ZM:J'IAF9`+J\0VP?

ARHJ7



];Q?H^WK.!H%^WI*^#\=^BJ0%&2



M


4[1S]$O*&*).A-KUCO0


=B=D
MZ8!W1%A?KNS


M^1_9_*1`;A`SS


^T
*;54*9P66RQ3:/BU7HN^AWS1R(+%JCIQ.<U[2N]E%L2F2UD'*&$+/7_#
MC]7BSY0O+2O+@;950<Z:0T<0NZR!6JJ*P[H==8'.^$(T7B1N)JD+1;LD;:G.
M4(J77E2_=)P@`:!O)IGF0*URX66_`G&CZ!%L,M^P(A!L[S$/GC\Y.I^
M1




4?P=YR@KWY03!H@LG..0V#8*!9]OLJRUNGVP]\6.DJI1G/
MOMR.)#Y3Q4:E^H!F*BYAP\0#7
MKXTW*?W


#$T
3(S




ME;3DKQ/Z1B=BO5^^K[YVI(11+&#=J4VL]^%#;;\



/FDV19QX9:YQ=JG1__BUKG

M]D3GPV
_S^D+#5%O<2[75SL4%J8
M2



MT2F_J2L2\]
4\HH




JTOEXB;^6Q57RX&$TMS



\XYYYISS3)GF%_:G5E:

M24^&4_+G2K\=91SGF/M9G_-9W#BULV-J




J9CD=`.'`R7-ACXJ.ALXGX-31`^CD,(/T-)R6Q0':X
MCA.RVF,B$
S`


.

BD&B!E1!`84D7XF^!CQ



'Q=;4!FP+W=

+\U

MYNJ?OI^8]I;\
-?).S\DP0ROFRA_JM0L\V^W4;2O08N2(F]_&:.W^?F?7=3)

M-



C0=22%/F1Z%ZK82.$3-/9C$?B+




PUUWM1G1FJQQ4_5'



MY^%CPTBK;#OK4ROK.=Q

L*_U%DTUL)W%2HYT+*
MJVJF34$;'MJV)8^IPT0D,?1&ABT1H30X*=C0

MXHE`U%U
D80Z*.BIZ:Z/.6D]X9ZT]8*K8&B#D4]#V
X#;TK:FP!.5E&XR[$J



MUUIS$Y///=Q]S4FZ\D59/.

MM#

ZZL:PQ

Q6E
E:67







WJ?VPC6T

0EW`5*W9PHR:I_!HJ8J_.Q!QM;YL]?Z6/H[BK?/
M1(G%QERM^A+N7MV7(SB=6H=!XA2ZML8WS%LCZCSL0
8`PJ5F+KF6U_$-ET
M-EFXEF9I







($HIX@2#DO++R:X
.9P08/5










HE0P1W/JF

M`XPI70M711'['HM&(@G7$P9+IQG__.E-GV=
U#_1B8;V2=K'U+EKTCB
G9CY


O
6F]B\.O.5K?I%V:Z
6*`+!ZX8F5KY)C%KM
C]LX5IB^[U]I^E_+






M)+#4\JO@I[SC_[IQ;1:]/5JFA$IK(



M@M_285BC.E4O


M4J-Z)VYD13!]8R``O6\#ABXBL+IU0-Y?41[J0@!R!']$151:(;3.J\B1?ICK


M1;O7-56*^C94Z$(&&]D


7NV5
/;D7'UOM)=3^?E





MF
+M
ZNE73Q4U$594<K3S,.7</1PGX!AT[VRSNG79W.C+,#3L
M\1DGZYO=/L,OCI<:W+QSGX


=;!E&WERCAO1*ML@
M1K&L





0M8&$7')W$50C422;S$H

M+F.71N-C(\.



;'SK.S3$
M`/53P0N?I?[S)UZ\_



E1V07+IAU[&4)X\J+:53MO&B

*($1


7:[N_



_ZY


M_O2W)0..'9?1D^#Z



A0USEZ/S+9]11(WDP[0#\K)[T\]!C\#SW['W
M8&;0B=5S^4U;K)?I/5J5648`?1'E




K.=Z0!O?\.




M]SA)KG%&30'M9JEI[T(5OJ\NHF&Q6;L!S!IPGUB4CK5KL_F#V8K2R$3Z)*0
MP^2\T*]OOY,OPCAA?LFIKUEY]]03HQ

MG1I=0:QOTZ@+\A;Z]:G:T=\-&G7%]!\\=7D$

[OZ7BK?RP.9Q-?1L9)Z^K5


ME&H+
]5

MH[OIZ2I.XF









UB9TPI;OR
M*:\]`Q=(+)(1C(8DYP<B@0EFAMP9H_VL[I87RI^?I?A=;DJ;NBTN\CBIY(/


MW








TH[C@T)O:[SF#2;ZHW*/8[A[(UPU;^
4
MW11H!]Y$GQ20[2#WOBG_J\YVI3);;P9'Z@HE)`9H%_OP7'M#U%LUZN]L#U




27A+%%GMDF:9UAJN'Q:HR=N@42DBG_GX






MMM.ZW!;UYBV_/OX:SW23DA]1GM



SWW;5ZN/J+@B:`6-
MH?\0UM
&;0XT#QXRZ-*Q\=\R':=U%+QZ.LKNR*)\SUPYBU+WT=?/$9F[D&E0

MH)*7&*-*5



LW9U8*Y;V%GQF

M3]?$'U\@LLZ-MF0AG*[;#B`:'%6+M1D/P
6\18ZFYC``P9GKQY-YX9OZ!A`L




'Q8@X88%3H;&)-5[8F78VU:ONXJRR)=




MMD&+8EEGHR'G=0%.CGL/LO[K-0KFJC3LUDK
E%]E

G.9DA'K-HC791]AO-0ESIQ4Q#S]!M(U:$EI?7Y&2/?ZK8H+Q

-:_6)(V_/6X^%KT:3
M/NNI65SS3=0PO#7SL



M'/J:4JD/2K08ILAP8TS.6%C9A%AB.@*VZ



$5YPU8TA)JPJ


MR)NAS#15O'T_PM




Q^W


M




4V00N/5;AY
M6$3[2@S;23.K

MG



W::]BU95*
!P^-VL]H*B_5GIVPH2%
M#LK=)Z8#=R0!!+6

M?$!!:U'F`5



MXJ^C59S$Q:&)Y[W`68:_DKD3:4[RI3B
W;Y&4
VLC8R!C#7B:I

R0%V/&:8B*A8!'
M32


YK8)?ZQ'3R31XA:)1D4?'R)7
?#L
M:2M=3ZA%NOX+6F_)<F-!UZ;5S1S`VZC&G+IQSX3PUE`*S7[A57FUXG&KE]6

M&ET['A
Y')D`C8.!VHV'*#[K_J7B

=!/Q2!8[*<



M-RKH#CKI
*@-.J.78EJ-^1


WD[

ZJQ!$4



YT
MO(SRY^L$?VUD8X['0II&-PZ-
T\G;Q

4VSHDKALJ0?AL'M+P\5XB(9V#5/'


ME7\T=,FW-U;IB%,#`WIQC;XB[JR&?^WVYTMMHLG7=I,HS,+\^%/%&5+/NS

ME?62KE#*C#[`4S\ZG[7_K)[C9


M5
*]!5BR
8_0%$J
+2`JX94%\@ZUS%

MG\X+8FS%9X#83R.(!1@8RE+K9S#$?@9#[.?S@AA;\1D@]O

M@

L4X3RG('C'BS$*BN`]Q8GU
)]Q1ZU

M:6ML8@^.[Q+46[WEI5)?N.N6RRC+#M6IYYXHC-:U':`@U2S=74%1+!T
6
WL

M'2S.DZZ=8&)Y:@1)0JHT6(S-H\3&0H_XQ0=/D?9;ZBX+M-UOBC:J56EQ,@^
M0.K&%%)J]YY3IYVQJATX3E*A;NH/I76&NRX[UW2(IC!33XRHRYQBD255=
O


D;K,D'+S5BXFW2#LUUS\;CYR+KD:<A-8L.!W<6:Z]E7Y1Y




JZ

Y5PGZ-L&Z=W**-;\=%VO.4KI.DW
M_I0F4!A(E+4!B&D5@=]49I08+,A%]P`M_T3=,4:W^Q,7&-J:&?_%1ON)DO
MI


M@LAYZD[(/5*\%8RWC0DBYRH^)O=B




MR?K41I8//CD7GKEKR?XX4L#^Q8O*6]U4'IF^8$KJH33L348`:7?O143J;+3C



T4




M
_)Q




/6#6.1F&$9I1_Y!H?=1'4T




M0MHT@9CT3L8(\Y(FN/MQS`VWK?GI7*Z9C.2+LGC&6?SOXY5I4T\OXV_J




_=FG9AE;I


MJVS@3ZZ8VJM9?Z+.9(^XB)*;M

M6PA]_F_$







WU#2N&I0;RA]3-G].00$V3WJ



M%U0\1`G*F:&;

<$;JXWQMS
;Z'



7(_E



MBBQGU[=G:*)YN[@=@9U=



MPL8366GQB
(O?4;=P\QR)QY5^%(9).BBL?BN1Y5%6L1KJES\0I9+JS*+BQCE


=F*$R0II&-0Z-XV@/08M@F%ZL$(\I5SJX

QZ6<4)3G-A9Z2Z781Q2F-+X7U
M&5VXBZBP.YM]!E=^SKH1`JBNLB&R4F)VAZ2WV6XDIVH2O[[4L7*7:'FI_'P

2J%G+@

T



M;
U1:AN!2/V(%ENB!!Y5/S$''62:WYK1Y+*?QR==-X.+M

H
^)U#@5&X74$

WU

MWH`T4)@!]+:!



M7P$[2QTAT!J_IFTL\#L7/-LV[2RPMR#D'+DIPIEQV!_[K
Q*K(@5;HC^KVG6
M/7]$M.0$4TBHFO;@4H4*69C:5F#(K4HCA-ZW$&-QR*IYD*-2;*I6=9;NB3E/


M12&6/Z;#I;F0`-MTZF6/&W4J93V(E$!1CO+KLB!R-9/1YDWF_*KD64BS]2F
M`EC:=RLU[UOH&6E46,U&76%G#E07MC00$-/JRC%
.X$5GO@%^&!ZMZDCU_Q



#9`)K\W1NS][E9F





MP1CUDF(


MNCA\



P:5QM=@:+25UM]`4[*5[#VGPSPKX1XM\0SKU`]WLZ6*.=Y!-DA67)X-'%

*WRU35I!*F


ML`5N.:E2]!FHSJ!O/4BI`A:6LZ[5+J]JK)#6N1=1$J4KM$ROXRPO%FD:OZ`L

7$:
M`RTNL^+9ZLR

HS8DNA&]^A8HH3O)OG+W'5

)6_3]$G)

G?













_$J5YGC
O+L_'

M52G35@PM;BZ$H;1B(_G7AJ%+*%]


M^-L'S'Z^AM[_^AK&K%B^M,FKA6*LQ1Y/UT=SF6'W#DCLG/\O=Q8XZX(Y(B
MSJ/V8LZ8-

;1
5PCY/$0F/[L0%@!%PC*%
MFD
1+KWQPW0\&MYU9_T[Z[8[ZC[T^M;TEWY_-FTP

M5;4#+S'












TZ`ZF!LV-ZEM+Z+BI!@V2)4'`5/*EPL&
M=RH%@QO4=='@!

M@L-'Z)N0OF!XN%

M


7A`J+4_3L5V%QCGG$CY

MOS^]''[I
OA5OI^L5'_#RB
1
\E?Y\!?2W2I`XDB_BK%?.)FO@H:N*$4GRZ
M8N().L,2&KQ66B0/[;:U^4`2+U\:?C5F$%\^'

##G/O;E,[]?&0TV,2D&D@N+8,\3NV)O+GP6`+D-U`S*?G.QL#WY5JTD
MW@#PU)W)+X7=@!]GS</WY6XN7#3'?KYFCXRNJ2B%[=TCYJQLXF*.%.7R-Z)

%$V!]B*?^.KFU
Q%O']V@]1TQ14T
7:AN^E_O%E=EG4#;\.ZVK&X2Q

MTWC173*D7K

M=/!NX/A#?H=!-)X'V2H5$==5P5M0`(F]S^
GDJG4


^CJ
O]Q
MY
!0W(
)?*+8F^R24@-I$5'=!E$Q+
ZHW`(K!XXQZ2'F0ZGB
S$)#+6TD7J@
M&R2('95OZ_O$`_^CC=T
?R!



;)B+IFN/T&
MTQ3DCC?2=8#9&7

MR7+$L?G9RB81Q%T87&QO'Q
1/+P;^O*\+^1.Z.:GO*-RY'HIB3/FR['Q5

M-'531_8&8J`!'V
ZEGTA.;A


M^!LO4!^6#P8T8#XR66C(IJQ;MUJY!8&C%0(L+N/R=\IM*^%LX!RM5/^-=]=4

M;
^QAWTLI@S2'W#'9(+$R25PA@!@G+6V4XV]9HL]

MY#Q(=$:EN&JS@J$-RH47U`)R&_%1Q-7Y8P7$\S_D(YCAC%4X*V9)=PBQ(P





/#R9RL2RXRB%ZY+S.^

MW7%9'53ZH'Z6'09T0TC*Y'B'.$9E3X=IC8/I+M*GG[AR%+_1S#`=H7?+P(

MTG=OY!#4;9P*#[


E2

M


?R+H--P


4``````B@&1&%Z.WKAL8``!;0$`
M%0`8```````!````I($`10$`8G)E=RTR
#$T
3(S


#

C`Q-#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%54!0`#

30Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`4`


#$T
3(S



`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
19
18
18
19
19
18
934




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


















Options
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        
        
        
        


        
 1
700
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
784
000
549
000
547
000
        


Selling
 General and Administrative Expense [Member]
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
666
000
464
000
547
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
118
000
85
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Options
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
932
000
554
000
40
000
        


        
288
000
1
039
000
366
000
        


Options outstanding
 Aggregate intrinsic value
1
248
000
        
        
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted average remaining contractual term
        
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 Number (in shares)
53
390
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 Aggregate intrinsic value
288
000
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
298
954
        
        
        


        
141
955
        
        
        


        
(104
804)
        
        
        


        
(31
074)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
305
031
298
954
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares granted
 (in shares)
227
385
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 share vested (in shares)
(28
571)
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares cancelled due to termination of employee
 (in shares)
(29
560)
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares. canceled due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
(28
574)
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares not expected to vest due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
(22
938)
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares expected to vest at end of period
 (in shares)
117
742
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
 30
000
 25
000
 25
000
        


        
2
804
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
19
628
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
1
000
000
        
        
        


        
988
347
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Performance goals
 net sales period
        
        
        
        


Performance goals
 net sales
 2014 measurement period
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares granted
 (in shares)
77
443
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 share vested (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares cancelled due to termination of employee
 (in shares)
(12
561)
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares. canceled due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares not expected to vest due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares expected to vest at end of period
 (in shares)
64
882
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares granted
 (in shares)
50
347
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 share vested (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares cancelled due to termination of employee
 (in shares)
(16
999)
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares. canceled due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares not expected to vest due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares expected to vest at end of period
 (in shares)
33
348
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares granted
 (in shares)
42
450
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 share vested (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares cancelled due to termination of employee
 (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares. canceled due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares not expected to vest due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
(22
938)
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares expected to vest at end of period
 (in shares)
19
512
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares granted
 (in shares)
57
145
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 share vested (in shares)
(28
571)
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares cancelled due to termination of employee
 (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares. canceled due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
(28
574)
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares not expected to vest due to failure to meet performance goals (in shares)
        
        
        
        


Performance-based stock grants
 shares expected to vest at end of period
 (in shares)
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 12
917
$ 12
917
        


Goodwill
 changes during the period
        
        
        


Goodwill
 impairment loss
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible assets
 Net
16
484
16
725
        


        
1
074
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 net
17
558
17
693
        


        
        
        
        


Amortization Expense
 Maturity Schedule [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
355
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Gross
2
200
2
200
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
1
247
1
393
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Gross
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Gross
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Gross
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
14
429
14
429
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Intangible and other assets
 Net
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. was formed in 1981 to brew and sell craft beer. We produce
 sell and market on a national basis innovative packaged and draft products for the Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook
 Omission and Square Mile brands at our six company-owned breweries and operate five pubs that promote our products
Our products are distributed domestically in all 50 states. This national footprint was established primarily through a series of distribution agreements with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (&#8220;A-B&#8221;)
 a significant shareholder. In 2004
 we and A&#8209;B entered into three agreements
 an exchange and recapitalization agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;)
 a master distributor agreement (as amended
Under the present terms of the A&#8209;B Distributor Agreement
 we distribute our products in substantially all of our markets through A&#8209;B&#8217;s seamless national wholesale distributor network. As a result of this distribution arrangement
 we believe that
 under alcohol beverage laws in a majority of states
 these wholesalers own the exclusive right to distribute our beers in their respective markets if the A-B Distributor Agreement expires or is terminated. A-B&#8217;s domestic wholesaler network consists primarily of independent wholesalers
 together with branches owned by A-B. The A-B Distributor Agreement is subject to early termination by either party upon the occurrence of certain events. The A&#8209;B Distributor Agreement expires December 31
 2018
 but may be renewed automatically for an additional ten-year period unless A&#8209;B provides written notice to the contrary on or before June 30
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation.




        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U
M.&-A864Y8F



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W,S4X-3AF85]A,&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T
M-F8U.&-A864Y8F,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S
U





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?24Y#/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7


#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M='


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-



M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3W1H















M:&5E='
O4VAE970R

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(

O4VAE970R


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

O



M;W5N=&EN9U]0;VQI8VEE

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@








M968]

#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970S

#I.86UE/D1E<FEV871I=F5?1FEN86YC




\+W@Z3F%M

M='-?86YD7T-O;F-E;G1R870Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T




M:&5E='
#I.86UE/D5A<FYI;F=S





X





M



M96YT7V%N9%]
96%S96AO

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE

M



O4VAE970U

M=&%I;'




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
65E7T)E;F5F:71?4&QA;G-?1&5T86EL<SPO





M+W@Z4')O=&5C=%=I;F1O=W


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y
M8F





M(&-O;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

38L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S




]


]



]



]


]







]
T1T97AT






]

]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^

34L





]


]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P








]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q









]



3$L






]






T1T;W`^5&]T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C





]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#8Y



]
T1N=6UP/C$W

]
T1R


]



]





T1T;W`^4F5F=6YD86)L92!D


M+#(U

]








]


T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@86YD(&-A


]




T1T




]






]

]
T1N


T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD(&-O;G1I;F=E;F-I
M97
@*$YO=&4@
38I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF







#`P+#`P


3DL
3$U+#
Y-B!A;F0@


]




M/B@R


C4L.#


G

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q
2PR







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF
M85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY#3TY33TQ)1$%4140@0D%
04Y#12!32$5%5%



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


G(&5Q

]
T1T97AT

]






#`P+#`P



M/3-$=&]P/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@:7-S=65D(AI;B!S:&%R97,I/]T9#X-



T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6]N('-H87)E($]U='-T86YD:6YG(AI;B!S:&%R97,I/]T9#X-



U
M.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F-3AC86%E.6)C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T






^+RH@1&\@


$55





M86X]

#$T


T1T;W`^/'-T






3
L
C4S/'-P86X^

3(L-S
Q

]


]







M1&YU;7`^-3`L









]
T1N=6UP/C4L
3
V



]
T1N=6T^*#8V



]


]
M






BPP


P


M9VX]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


M






]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#`T


U.#4X9F%?
M83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F-3AC86%E.6)C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5:1T%#/@T*

M




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



T1T;W`^56YR96%L:7IE9!G86EN(AL;W-S*2!O


]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
M
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]









]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#
Q

M
S4L





M:&%R97
I(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P






]



]




]









]




]


]


T1T;W`^5&%X(&)E;F5F:70@



]



@;VX@9&5R
M:79A=&EV92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='

]
T1N









]
M




S$L(#(P
3(\


]
T1N=6T^*#$S-2D\


M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P

N(#
Q

M







]


]


]


]

]
M






]



]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

RPP






#QS

]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^




]
T1N=6UP/C$S-3QS

]



]




M
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
2PR



2P@
C`Q

]


]


]
M







]




M


M




]



]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]



]




@:7-S=65D




T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/C`\


M



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#


S@L

M




]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#$Q
M-2PP





34L

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y
M8F



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P15A04,^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4T]
241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@0T]-34].(%-(05)%2$]

M15%52519(A087)E;G1H971I8V%L*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN(%1H;W5S86YD


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]




;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A
M864Y8F



]






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M






]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]




]
T1N




M;65N='

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y-3QS




]
T1N=6UP/C


]



T1T;W`^

]


T1T;W`^







]



T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I
M97

]



M9VX]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L

]


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]








]





T1T

M97


]



]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!S86QE

M;65N='

]



]

3$




M


]



]





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V


2PR



]


]






]
T1P


M




]



]
T1N=6T^*#$U




]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C













]




]


]


M
BPW




]


]
T1N=6UP/C4T


]


]

L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]







]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F
O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@








]

#`E.R!F


S9P

2X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@875T;SL@9F]N



[(&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M97)I97







3$



3LI

@86=R965M96YT('1H870@8V]L
M;&5C=&EV96QY(&-O;G-T:71U=&4@=&AE(&9R86UE=V]R:R!O9B!O=7(@97AI

M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT


@;V8@=&AE
M($$F(S@R





@;W=N('1H92!E

@:6X@=&AE


@;W(@:7
@=&5R;6EN871E9X@02U)B
X
C$W
M.W
@9&]M97-T:6





N($%L


U.#4X9F%?
M83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F-3AC86%E.6)C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E




]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


@6T%B



M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





\+W1D/CPO='(^


M97%U:79A;&5N='
N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!T:&5R92!W


@=&]T
M86QE9`D,BXW(&UI;&QI;VX@870@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3,N/]D:78^


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

M:W



N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S+!B


M;'5D960@:6X@06-C;W5N='








'!T


@;V8@


@86YD($$M

M)B
X
C$W.W
@86=R965M96YT('=I=&@@02U+!W92!D;R!N;W0@:&%V92!C





@

N(%=E(&1E=&5R;6EN92!T


M92X@5VAE;B!A('-P96-I9FEC(&%C8V]U;G0@:7
@9&5E;65D('5N8V]L;&5C

M(&%L;&]W86YC92X@5&AE(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N
M='

2P@





M





@82!C;VUP;VYE;G0@;V8@

M960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='




M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT




@;V8@26YC;VUE+CPO9&EV/CQD:78^





M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M=#H@

G!T.R!F


3$[(#4P('EE

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N


M.B`Q

S`E.R!V

M.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI




M

B`F(S@R




\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N


M.B`Q




T0G


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/E9A;'5A=&EO;B!O
M9B!


3!P=#LG/E=E(&5V86QU871E



M=W






M:7IE.B`Q

@



M





M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E




'!T

M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT

[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97







@=&AA;B!I='



@:7









@



3!P=#LG/B8C

M;&4]


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/DEN9&5F



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M;6%R:6QY(&]F('1R861E;6%R:W


M97










M

3!P=#LG/E=E

@86YD(&%N=&EC








M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


N

@:6YC;'5D960@)#@N
M
!M:6QL:6]N(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


3!P=#L@9F]N




M='

@;&EM


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&ET



3!P=#LG/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I
M=F4@:6YC;VUE(&EN8VQU9&5S(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@







X
C`Y.T(@;W(@86X@:6YD97!E;F1E



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

F4@<F5V96YU92!O;B!R971A


M(')E=F5N=64@9G)O;2!E=F5N='
@870@=&AE('1I;64@;V8@=&AE(&5V96YT
&5S/]D:78^

@97AC:7-E

L(&EN







@86QS;R!I

@:6X@


M871E;65N='



M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V





@0V]L

M96YT86P@075T:&]R:71I97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


M870@:7




M='

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97









#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M96YS97



M:61A=&5D(%-T871E;65N='


@
M:7


M871E(&%S(&-A;&-U;&%T960@8GD@=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97
M365R=&]N




T0G

3!P=#LG/E1H92!E


M9F]R9F5I='5R97



@:7


3@N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97




@


&5S/]D:78^/&1I





@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N

M='

@

!R971U<FX@<&]S:71I;VYS('=H96X@:70@:7
@9&5T
M97)M:6YE9!T:&%T('1H92!P;W-I=&EO;G,@87)E(8C.#(R
#MM;W)E+6QI



M='
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&ET86QI8SL@9F]N=UF86UI

M93H@



@86YD(')E;&%T960@9&]M97-T:6
@86YD

@;V8@;W5R($MO

M='









M8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&-A;&-U;&%T960@=6YD97(@=&AE






'!T.R!F

\+V1I=CX\9&EV

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


@




M9B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='



@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@

@8V]U



U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD






M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M)SY.;W1E(#


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97





M

@




34M
2!T;R!H879E(&$@;6%T97)I86P@969F96-T






#4I.B!0=7-H9&]W;B!!8V-O=6YT
M:6YG+B8C.#(R

@86X@86-Q=6ER960@96YT





M86P@8VAA;F=E+6EN+6-O;G1R;VP@979E;G0L('1H870@96QE8W1I;VX@:7
@
M:7)R979O8V%B;&4N($%352`R

M96UB97(@
3@L(#(P




30M

M97%U:71Y+B!!4U4@








@
C`U+30P*2(N
M($%352`R
#$T+3$U('!R;W9I9&5S(&=U:61A;F-E(')E;&%T960@=&\@;6%N

C`Q



M($%352`R




3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SY!4U4@,C`Q
M-TQ




M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



3!P=#LG/D%352`\+V9O;G0^
M3F\N(#(P
30M

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S@R



@82!P
M97)F;W)M86YC92!C;VYD:71I;VXN($%352`R
#$T+3$R(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV

@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#$U+`R,#$U+!A;F0@:6YT97)I;2!P97)I;V1S('=I=&AI;B!A;FYU86P@

34L(#(P
34N(%=E




@-C`V*2XF(S@R
C$[($%352`R
#$T+3`Y(&%F9F5C
M='


@=6YL97-S



@;W(@;&5A


'!T


M9'
@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$V+!A;F0@:6YT

M869T97(@1&5C96UB97(@
34L(#(P



M($%352!.;RX@
C`Q-TP.P@(E!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA;F-I86P@

@


M

M9FQO=W


M93H@



@9F]R

C`[3D]
)B
X


M:71I;VX@:7


M97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?
M.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

\


]
T1R





M.B`Q

]
T1$

#`E.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.B`Q


M(&)O;&0[(&%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/DYO=&4@-X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@875T;SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M





M:6YG/3-$


T1B







G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR



M;&4]









@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P


M;&4]







M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO



M:7IE.B`Q


M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O







@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

Q
SPO

M)B


M(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[





M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C4L.3(W



M;&4]



T0G8F%C



M/B8C




M9VX]


Q-C`[

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG





T1B;W1T;VT@



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D




T1N;W=R87`@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-38E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA



T0G

Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E


M;3LG/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



M










P
M
#`P






M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


T1N;W=R87`@


M;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97




3!P=#LG




M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S
U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]


]



M




M='





T0G=VED=&@Z(#@P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-38E.R!V97)T


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M






M86QI9VX]




#`P
#`P
3H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
3




M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97

S-CPO9&EV/CPO

Q-C`[

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M



M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD



T0G



M;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



M93H@






@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C





M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

T1B;W1T






M;&4]


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M





M86QI9VX]




M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O







M

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE

T1B





M





P
#`P
#`@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X







@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97

SPO9&EV/CPO




M;3LG/B8C








M;W=R87`]





M4&%R=%\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T



M

S$L(#(P




M;65N='








T0G=VED=&@Z(#

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





T0P



G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



2P\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


Q

#`P


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/C(P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M
M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR


T1B



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[









3PO9&EV

Q


M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E



M)B

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M



T1B;W1T;VT@



M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

Q





M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E






T1B;W1T;VT@



M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




T0G=&5X




M;3LG/B8C





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C
M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS




M)B

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U
M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97

S4\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T




M:6]N(&EN('!R;V=R97-S/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
G!X


C@\+V1I=CX\

M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG





G!X.R!B
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO


T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




T1B



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




M




M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M=&]M.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T




T0G=&5X





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


T0G9F]N







M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97



3!P=#LG/C$Q
PS
M-3`\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E



3!P=#LG/C$P-PQ.3,\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[







#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



:7-T

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
3H@
M)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<L(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,'!T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(&%U=&\[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




[(&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


BXY(&UI;&QI;VX@870@

C`Q


#$S(&]R(#(P
3(N(%1H97)E(&%R92!N;R!I;7!A:7)M96YT(&QO



I.CPO



!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#`E





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M



#$T/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M86QI9VX]







M;&4]




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/E1R861E;6%R:W

M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXQ-PT,CD\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E






M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T

#L\+W1D/CQT

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G=&5X




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C


M

M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0G


M;&4]





M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P












M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V






M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V







M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P
M=#LG/C(L


T1B




M.B`Q



#`P

Q

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M9VX]






M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M93H@


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D







M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


M;&4]

M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M9VX]




M(S$V

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T

#L\+W1D/CQT

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^





M/B8C





M9VX]



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C0T
#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^




M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D
M(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD





3!P=#LG





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97




M;&4]


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G=&5X





M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG
M<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C



M(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT






M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M




T0G


M;3LG/B8C




M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A







M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXS





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97

3!P
M=#LG/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE

T1B







T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG





M


'!T



M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E



3!P=#LG/BT\

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

Q

M;W=R87`]


M9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



T1N;W=R







T1B;W1T;VT@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG







@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M;3LG/B8C

G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P

M;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
G!X



M


'!T

G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M
#`P




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L


T1N


M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT

M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P






T0G

M





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

Q

M



M)B

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



M.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M/B8C



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C






@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




#`P
M



P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1N


M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P






Q


#L\




M.B`C
#`P

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97



3!P=#LG/C$W+#8Y
M





G!X.R!W:61T:#H@


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M($1E8V5M8F5R(#



M




M;W1T;VTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,G!X('-O;&ED.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P


T0G


M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
3
\+V1I
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



M



M


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SXR-#$\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


24[







M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[








3!P=#LG/C(U
SPO9&EV/CPO

Q-C`[

M(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W






T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF


M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V





M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N





#$W/]D:78^/]T

M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



M93H@






T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P






M86QI9VX]




C`Q

T1B;W1T;VT@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-C@E.R!V




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS






M





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L



3!P=#LG/C$L









]

T1)


]



]



]


]
T1$4U!&3&ES=%1A8FQE




M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-#5P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE


3!P=#L@=F5R=&EC



'!T

Q-C`[/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T





T0P



G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



2P\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


Q

#`P


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/C(P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M
M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR


T1B



#(S/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97

PT,C$\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!N;W=R87`]


M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V





M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI


#$X/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C
L
#`P



T0G8F%C



M/B8C








@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

3!P=#LG


L

#$U/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C8P
#PO

M)B

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S




T0G






M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



T1B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C$X-#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97

M

M97(@
34L(#(P






T0G=&5X



M(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT



M






@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

M93H@

@9F]R(&5Q=6EP


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



M





M.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



M





M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1B





T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V



#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO





M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO




34W/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W


M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A





M:7IE.B`Q







M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





#`P




Q-C`[
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT


M(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&1E8G0@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P

@86YD('1H97)E869T
M97(@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W



M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M;&5F=#H@

M



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A



M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M;&0[)SXF(S$V
#M



M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@


Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

M;&4]



'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/DYO=&5S/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W

M




M;W1T;VTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,G!X('-O;&ED.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P


M
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/DQE87-E/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






M)SXR


M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O





M



M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXV,#`\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF


M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@


M





M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\




M86QI9VX]



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C$S-#PO9&EV/CPO

Q-C`[



@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/C(P






M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V








M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/BT\+V1I

M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M


M;&4]


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


S

M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C


M

M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0G=&5X


M





M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



3!P=#LG
M/C
L



M


M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

M







M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@



M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M;3LG/B8C





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


24[












M
#`P




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L


M/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


T0G

T1N


M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P




M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M

M;3LG/B8C







T1B;W1T;VT@



M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P




RPP

M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS







@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

#`\

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M





M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P








M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO






M)B

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
6QE






Q

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D






M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F



#`P
#`P(#1P





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P



M


M86QI9VX]




P
#`P
#`@-'!X(&1O=6)L


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

#PO



M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL






M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




#`P

M





M

3!P=#LG/E=E

3LI('=I=&@@0F%N:R!O9B!!;65R:6-A

#M
:6YE(&]F





S$L(#(P

M871E(&]F('1H92!497)M($QO86X@:7
@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#

2P@
C`Q-P@=V4@:&%D(0S+C`@;6EL;&EO;B!O=71S

X
C(P.TQ)
M0D]2)B
X


2XP

#`E

2X\



3!P=#LG/DEN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@
M=VET:!A;B!A;65N9&UE;G0@=&\@=&AE($QO86X@06=R965M96YT(&]N($YO
M=F5M8F5R(#$U+`R

M:6YG('!R:6YC:7!A;!B86QA;F-E('1O(0Q
XX(&UI;&QI;VX@=&\@86-H
M:65V92!A;B`X,4@;&]A;B!T;R!V86QU92!R871I;R!O;B!C97)T86EN('!R




#(S+CPO9&EV

M





M='D@87



M9')A=VX@86UO=6YT(&]F('1H92!R96QA=&5D('-T86YD8GD@;&5T=&5R(&]F
M(&-R961I=P@=F%R:65S(&9R;VT@,XQ-24@=&\@
XS,4@8F%S960@=7!O


@





M86QI9VX]







M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

G!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT


#$T/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@


Q-C`[

#`P


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/C(P


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M9VX]



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





#`E('1O(#(N
#`E+B!792!H860@

30L
M(#(P
3
@;W(@
C`Q

M;&4]

3!P=#LG

@;V8@=&AE($QO86X@06=R
M965M96YT(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#


N(%=E(&%R92!R
M97%U:7)E9!T;R!M86EN=&%I;B!A(&9U;F1E9!D96)T(')A=&EO(&]F('5P
M('1O(#
N

M;R!A8F]V92`Q+C(U('1O(#$N/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

Q-C`[/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.B`Q



X
C(Q





[
M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






M93H@


M:7-I=&EO;B!O9B!C;VUM97)C:6%L(')E86P@97-T871E(')E;&%T960@=&\@

@86YD(&-O
M;F1I=&EO;G

M82!D965D(&]F('1R=7-T(&]N('1H92!C;VUM97)C:6%L(')E86P@97-T871E

M(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

C`P+#`P
M

M=&4@;V8@

S`L(#(P
3`L(&%F





F(S@R

3!P=#L@9F]N







X
C(Q

M0D








M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S
U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]





]

]
T1P

]

M






T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97



M(&%U=&\[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L


M=')U;65N='



3!P






T0G=&5X

3!P=#LG/E=E(&AA=F4@




RP@
C`Q-P@=V4@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&%N(&EN=&5R97-T

M+B`H)B
X
C(P.T)O9D$F(S@R
C$[*2!F;W(@-S4E(&]F('1H92!497)M($QO



C`R

2P@
M

S$L(#(P
30N(%-I


@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P

M




M=CX\8G(@+SX\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


T0X('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V








#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M
M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V



M;&0[)SXR


T1B;W1T;VT@



M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97








M.B`Q



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\




T0G




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




I.CPO9&EV/CQD:78^/&)R(\^
M/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4



#L\+W1D/CQT

#`P
#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/D%M;W5N


!S;VQI9#L@


M

3!P=#L@
M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SY);F-O;64@*$5F9F5C=&EV92!0;W)T:6]N
M*3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P







M


M(S$V





T1B;W1T






M:7IE.B`Q

S$L/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


#L\


M




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V








M.B`Q




M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97




M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M:61T:#H@



C`Q
SPO


M;&4]


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M




M;&4]


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M.B`Q



M




T0G8F%C:V=R



M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD






M9VX]






T0G8F%C










M86QI9VX]


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S
U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q





M86QU92!-96%S=7)E;65N='


M;&4]





M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97









M:#H@

M93H@

M)B
Q.#

M=VED=&@Z(&%U=&\[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97

M.B!T;W`[)SY
979E;`Q(8C.#(Q


@87
@;V8@=&AE




3!P=#LG/CQT






Q.#


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[)SY
979E;`R(8C.#(Q





]
T1$4U!&3&ES=%1A8FQE('-T




M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:7IE.B`Q

3!P=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

@)B
X

@;V)S97)V86)L92!T:&%N(&]B:F5C



M8VEA=&5D('=I=&@@:6YV97-T:6YG(&EN('1H;W-E('-E8W5R:71I97



@*&EN('1H;W5S


M9'1H.B`Y

#`P
3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

M(#

#`P
#`P
3H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T.R!F;VYT
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M



P
#`P
#`@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


SPO

6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V




3!P=#LG/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@

T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M:7IE.B`Q




M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L


M86QI9VX]


Q


T0G9F]N

T1B;W1T





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


3!P=#LG/BD\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

T0G=VED

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O


'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/D9A:7(@5F%L=64@870@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3



P
#`P
#`@
M

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P








T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/B8C



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M







3!P=#LG/BT\+V1I=CX\

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P


M


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



'!T


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT


2P@
C`Q
RX\+V1I=CX\9&EV/CQB







3!P=#LG/BX\+V9O;G0^(%1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&]U

C`Q




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M8G(@+SX\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@86QI9VX]



!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T1B;W1T;VT@





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V



M;&0[)SXR



T0G








M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G



M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M;3LG/B8C





24[('9E






M


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\



M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\








@8F%S960@;VX@82!S:6UI;&%R(')I

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S
U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F-3AC

O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




]

]

M


M



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L








M93H@










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E




M;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T

T1N;W=R


P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E


G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D






3!P=#LG/C(V
M+#



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M(V9F9F9F9CL@=VED=&@Z(#4T)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z


M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXU-2PQ-S0\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N
M;W=R87`]


M9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M9CL@=VED=&@Z(#4T)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@











T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M86QI9VX]


Q

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A


T1B;W1T



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0G


M;3LG/B8C





T0G8F%C



'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
3
\+V1I




M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V






M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI



M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




3!P=#LG/B0\



3!P=#LG/C(T+#
U
#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXQ-SDL,3@P/]D

M9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V




M;3LG/B8C
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXT
M-RPP-34\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




T1N


M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\




M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


3!P=#LG/B4\








M:7IE.B`Q


M9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97

M.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L



M;VT[)SXF(S$V



M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\





M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[







M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M;&4]


T1B;W1T



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0G


M;3LG/B8C








M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO





M


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E




M)B


T0G

T1B





T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M86QI9VX]







M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A






M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



RPV.#4\+V1I

M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M


M;&4]


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M



M




@


M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C


T0G

T1B



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



34N-CPO


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXE/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=CX\8G(@+SX\+V1I=CX\

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


@=7-E(&UA;GD@;V8@=&AE('-A;64@87-S














M9GD[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S-B4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P


M

T1B


M)B

#`P


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/C(P


#`P
M


'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
3
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M



#$R/]D:78^/]T







M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97


M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N






M.B`Q

M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT






F4Z(#$P<'0[)SX\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@











M

T1B




M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C




M;&4]


M9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97

M.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


@87)E(&QO8V%T960@:6X@=&AE(%4N4RX@86YD(%-A


M4&%R=%\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]

M;&4]






T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97







M97


M:&%R97



@86YD(&-O
M;F1I=&EO;G



X
C(P.S(P
30@4&QA;B8C.#(R

M

@
M;6%Y(&)E(&UA9&4@=6YD97(@;W5R(#(P
#(@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N(%!L86X@
M*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[
C`P
B!0;&%N)B
X

#`W(%-T;V-K

X
C(P
M.S(P
3`@4&QA;B8C.#(R



#`R(%!L86XL('1H92`R
#`W(%!L86X@86YD('1H
M92`R





3!P=#LG/E1H92`R

M97







@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M9B!A=V%R9'
@9W)A;G1E9!P=7)S=6%N=!T;R!T:&4@
C`P
B!0;&%N+!T
M:&4@,C`P-R!0;&%N(&%N9!T:&4@
C`Q



M=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



M


M)SXF(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O

M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97





M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A

M

T1N


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P

3!P

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT





T1B;W1T




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4


T0G


M;&4]

M;W=R87`]


M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V




#PO

M)B

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M


M/B8C





M9VX]



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C4U-#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M;3LG/B8C





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M


@9W)A;G1E9#PO


M;&4]


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS







@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0G=&5X


M






@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


@;V8@26YC;VUE(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@*&EN


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Y

M.B`Q

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

P
#`P
#`@
M

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M+6)O='1O;3H@


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS


T0G=&5X

T1N;W=R87`@


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

B!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M

3!P=#L@9F]N

M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


P
#`P
#`@

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


C`Q
CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO







@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

3!P=#LG




3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M




M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXT-C0\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
M


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\



M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\


M




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



M





M.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



M


M(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P




M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M


G!T

M-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E


M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97







M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S






M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




#`P
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXU-#<\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R
M87`]





M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M;V=N:7IE9!S=&]C:RUB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS92!O9B`D
M




T0G=VED=&@Z

M;3H@


M;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M;&0[)SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO









T1B


M)B

#`P


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/C(P
3
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I
M;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR


M










M


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q








M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




T0G9F]N

T1N



M93H@


T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF



T0G8F%C



M/B8C




M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C`N
#PO9&EV/CPO


M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3!P=#LG/B4\+V1I




M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<L(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N





M





M)SY6;VQA=&EL:71Y/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C8P+C(P/]D:78^/]T


M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE

M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



3!P=#LG/C8P+C






M9B!O=7(@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+CPO9&EV/CQD:78^/&)R(\^/]D:78^/&1I


M:6=H=#H@


M

V+C5P=#LG/E-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!A8W1I

S$L(#(P
30@=V%S
M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X

M.B`Q

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V






6QE


T0G=&5X




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97

M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!$96-E

2P@
C`Q
SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97



T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@


M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

Q

M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[






T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




T0G9F]N

M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C0N-C4\+V1I=CX\

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-38E.R!V97)T:6-A






M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P
M=#LG/B@S


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE


T0G8F%C



M/B8C












P
#`P
#`@
M
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q







@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

M93H@
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!$

2P@
C`Q-#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P




S`U+#`S
3PO



M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




T0G9F]N

T1N



@87

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I
M;BUR:6=H=#H@



!S='EL93TS1=W



T0G




'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H


T1B;W1T







'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4V)3L@

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


24[('9E



T0G9F]N

M

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]





M='1O;3LG/B8C



G!T.R!F;VYT+69A

M86=E(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

U/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M)B


T0G

T1B





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\




M;&4]



T1B





M.B`Q

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


C`Q
M
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

@
M=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P

#$U+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

M;V0@:7

2P@
C`Q

30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
M


@9F]R('1H


6QE/3-$

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97


@87
@

M86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

#`P


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR,#$T/]D:78^


G!X.R!V

M;F4[)SXF(S$V

M;F]N93L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


C`Q


M=V%R9'


M;W`Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




#$R/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97






T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU
M;2!N;VYE.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z
M(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V




M
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[

M;VYE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B!M961I=6T@
M;F]N93LG/B8C




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

M)B


'!T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE
M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M86P[)SXF(S$V






T-SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A






M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1N


M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M:6=H=#H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


M.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93LG/B8C




M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




T0G8F]R


38P.SPO



T1N;W=R


M+7)I9VAT.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




M





T1B;W1T


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V







M93H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU
M;2!N;VYE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M)SXF(S$V







M



M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@-#`E.R!V97)T


M






M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@;65D:75M(&YO



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97

M86P[)SXH




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
M






'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG
M<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D





M*#(Y+#4V







M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M;6%N8V4@9V]A;'

M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@;65D:75M(&YO


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@=&5X=UA



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z(&YO<FUA;#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93LG
M/B8C






T0G=&5X







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
M







T1N;W=R




M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V



T0G

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@-#`E.R!V97)T








P
#`P
M
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V




@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97




T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z
M(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG








38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A




M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@






38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS





M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L






T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P

M;VTZ(,P,#`P,#`@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXV-PX.#(\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R
M87`]



M;F]N93LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M=&]M.B`C
#`P




M961I=6T@;F]N93LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P




M9VAT.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#`P


#`P


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


M:6=H=#H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[)SXF(S$V


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P





M




@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W:71H

S`L
#`P(&EN(#(P
30@86YD(0R-2PP,#`@
M:6X@96%C:!O9B`R
#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+B!4:&4@,C`Q-!A;6]U;G0@:6YC
M;'5D960@
BPX




M=%\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

]




T0G=&5X

M:#H@







M
#M%4%
F(S@R



M/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P


M

T1B


M)B

T1B;W1T;VT@








M=&]M.B`C
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
3
\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D






T0G8F%C:V=R



M:7IE.B`Q



M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P










M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


M)B

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M



M





M:7IE.B`Q




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@




M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M


M;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P







Q-C`[


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

3DL
3(V/]D:78^/]T


T1B;W1T;VT@


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P

T1N;W=R87`@



M)B

P
#`P




3!P=#LG/C$X+#DS-#PO9&EV/CPO





#L\+W1D


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@







M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS





M


@87


M;&4]

M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E


M9VX]


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S




M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

3(T/]D:78^/]T9#X\




]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@






]

M



30N

M=&\[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E

3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<L(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@



M


M+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[)SXF(S$V


M
#`P
3H@)U1I

'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/EEE87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L



T0G


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

B!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M

3!P=#L@9F]N

M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


P
#`P
#`@

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


C`Q
SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO




M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]





M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C





M


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M9VX]



M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V





M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


G!T.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG





M


M
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E



M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



M




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M;&4]







M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



3!P=#LG/C$L


M9VX]


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S




T0G





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

Q

T1N



Q

M86QI9VX]




M)SXF(S$V

M;3LG/B8C







M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M








M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/D1E9F5R

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P










M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXS

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-#0E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P





P
#`P
#`@
M
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO



T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


T0G=&5X


G!X.R!B
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M.B`C
#`P


3!P=#LG
M/C
T



M


M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D









M;3LG/B8C




M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T1B;W1T;VT@


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS






M


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T


M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






3!P=#LG/C(L




M;3LG/B8C








M;W=R87`]






P
#`P
#`@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@






@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

3PO9&EV



I



!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M



#`P


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/EEE87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W




38P.SPO

B!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



M;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED

M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


C`Q



M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG

T0G

T1N;W=R


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C


G!T.R!F;VYT

M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D





M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




T1N









T0G=&5X





M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG
M<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C


G!T.R!F

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M87`]


M969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M;W=R87`]






@9&5D=6-T


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/B@Q
3


T0G9F]N

T1B;W1T



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M


M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@



T0G=&5X










@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

3`T







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

M;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL









M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V

M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




3!P=#LG/C$L
S`T/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W


T0G

Q-C`[

P
#`P


'!T

M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





Q

@*&EN('1H





M93H@


M.B!T;W`[)SXF(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
M

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


S$L/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W




38P.SPO

B!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



M;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED

M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


C`Q





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

3!P=#L@

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

24[('9E






M='1O;3LG/B8C



G!T.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL


M








T0G9F]N





M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^









T1N


M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



M

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V



T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M87`]





M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO

M





M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V



M;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T



M;W=R87`]





M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0G

M('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO

Q-C`[

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS



M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97

3!P

M97


M(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D





M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT






T1B;W1T;VT@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3
L
3
Y/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

T1B;W1T





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


3!P=#LG/BD\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M86QI9VX]


Q

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A


'!T



M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S




T0G






G!X.R!B86-K




G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P


3!P=#LG/B@Q.#@\+V1I




M

Q

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

C`S/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



#L\




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97



#`P

Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C


M9VX]




M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@-C8E.R!V97)T


M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


T0G9F]N

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M93H@

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@



3!P=#LG/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!O=7(@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L
M;W-S97,@86YD(&%L=&5R;F%T:79E(&UI;FEM=6T@=&%X(&-R961I=!C87)R


T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$




M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M


M;&4]




M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E


M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T1N;W=R






@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
30@;W(@
C`Q



3!P









M9G)O;2`R
#$P('1O(#(P


!R971U<FYS+CPO9&EV






#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



:7-T5&%B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
3H@)U1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<L(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@86QI

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!W:61T:#H@875T;SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE




C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@=V4@;6%T8VAE9`U,4@;V8@=&AE(&5M

X
C$W.W


#`P(&]F('!R979I;W5S;'D@9F]R9F5I=&5D(&UA=&-H:6YG(&-O
M;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
@=&\@9G5N9!C=7)R96YT(&UA=&-H:6YG(&-O;G1R:6)U
M=&EO;G,L('=H:6-H(&1E8W)E87-E9!O=7(@
F5D(&5X<&5N<V4@87-S;V-I871E9!W:71H(&UA=&-H:6YG(&-O
M;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
@87


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


#L\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




38P.SPO

3`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T




#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
30\
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R
M<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V



M)SXR






M86QI9VX]




F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXT,#$H:RD@97AP
M96YS93PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




3!P






M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXW,#4\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
T1P


M;6UI=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97
6QE/3-$)W1E

T0P(&-E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97
6QE



3!P=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




@
M9&%T97














@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E

3!P=#LG/C(P
M



3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M93H@
3!P=#LG/C$L.#


M9VX]




C`Q-CPO


M;&4]


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







T0G


M;3LG/B8C




M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C





M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\




M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT



T1B;W1T;VT@






@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E

3!P=#LG/E1H



T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P




M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@-C@E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@


M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P


3!P



M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V


I.CPO9&EV/CQD:78^

T0P

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#`E.R!F;VYT+69A



M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/EEE87(@16YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@


T1B



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P




G!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT

Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`@

M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


C`Q
SPO

6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/B8C










M

M





M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V




3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I=CX\






T1B






M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D


M=!I;B`R,#$P(&%N9`R


M=&AR;W5G:`R,#(U+!W:71H(&%N(&]P=&EO;B!T;R!C86YC96P@:6X@
C`R
M
!W:71H(#$X,!D87ES)B
X

M964@;V8@)#$U


T0G=VED

M='1O;3H@


M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M(&)O;&0[)SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D








M




#`P
3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
3
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A
M9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





M9VX]




M(&EN8V]M93PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC









T1B






M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@



T0G=&5X



M(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M/B8C


M

2P@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#@P)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4



G!T.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL

M/B8C
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXS-CD\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M

#$V/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



3!P=#LG
M/C






M)B

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M



T1B



C`Q.#PO9&EV/CPO


T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C


G!T.R!F


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




T0G9F]N








@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

M









#`P
#`P(#1P


M;&4]



M86YI97


M:78^/&1I=CX\8G(@+SX\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$

G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



T1N;W=R87`@


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



#$T/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


R!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P


M

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



#$R/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M

M





T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D


M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS



M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL







@:6X@
C`S-P@=VET:!A;B!E



M9'




@87)E(&-O;G-I9&5R960@=&\@8F4@87)M)B
X
C$W
M.W




M93H@





T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



M


#`P


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/C(P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M
M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/C(P
3
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M
M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/C(P


M9VX]








M9VX]


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SXT,C@\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


M)B


T0G

T1B





T1B;W1T;VT@




M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


@87)E(&-O;G-I9&5R960@=&\@8F4@87)M
M)B
X
C$W.W




'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H










@=&AR
M;W5G:`R,#$Y+B!792!B96QI979E('1H870@;6%L=!A;F0@:&]P(&-O;6UI




M:6

C`Q


'0M86QI

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97






#$X+CPO9&EV
M/CQD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J

M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M;65N='
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@

T0P('-T


M:7IE.B`Q

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



T0G

M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


P
#`P
#`@

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




T1B;W1T;VT@


Q-C`[

T1B






M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@



T0G



M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T1N






M


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C0L-SDT/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W

M86QI9VX]


Q

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A


'!T



M


M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

3(\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^





M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T;VT@






M969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M




M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





#
\

M/B8C





M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE

M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L







M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\






T1B



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




Q

M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




T0G9F]N

M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




G!X
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M=&]M.B`C
#`P


3!P






P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M86QI9VX]




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\



M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXQ+#4W




M9VX]





P
#`P
#`@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@






@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`T<'@[

M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




3!P=#LG/C
L
S0U/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;&4]

M)B

P
#`P



M.B`Q


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M87`]












M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]




M='D@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97
6QE

M


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97



'!T.R!V97)T

3!P=#L@=F5R=&EC






M

2XW)2!A
M;F0@
S(N




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE('-A;&4@;V8@;W5R(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN($930BP@




C`[

3LI+!W:&EC:!W87
@

M(S@R
C`[36%R9VEN($9E97
F(S@R
C$[*2!T;R!B92!P86ED('1O($$F(S@R
M




@



L(&%S(&1E9FEN960L(&9R;VT@36%Y(#$L(#(P
3$@*'1H
M92`F(S@R
C`[0V]M;65N8V5M96YT($1A=&4F(S@R




M

M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P






S$L(#(P
M
3@L('1H92!!+4(@1&ES=')I8G5T;W(@06=R965M96YT('-E='
@36%R9VEN
M($9E97

#(X+!A=`D



M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M9VEN(&9E97






38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


M
#`P
3H@)U1I

'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/EEE87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L






38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P(#)P
3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
3




M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



M97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
M,3(\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#L\+W1D/CPO


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI


M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97



T0G8F%C:V=R



M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD






T1N;W=R87`@


M








T0G=&5X






@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

M93H@

M



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



BPV

M;3LG/B8C

T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E




M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF




3L@


M;&4]


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97




M)B

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D









@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

3!P=#LG

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

T1B;W1T




'!T



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0G





Q-C`[

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS





X/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W



M







@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

\

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T




T0G



M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D




M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z



T1B;W1T;VT@



M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



M93H@

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M9VX]




M9&EV/CPO9&EV/CQD:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.B`Q




M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[)SXQ,C(\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



]
M

#`E.R!F;VYT+69A

M:7IE.B`Q

3AP=#L@9F]N



M87D@
C`Q




C`Q
B!U=&EL:7II



@
M4V%L97
@;VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@9&%T

M8F]R9&5R/3-$

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97



T0G


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M

3!P=#L@9F]N

M;W=R87`]


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M


M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/B8C

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI


M+4(@1&ES=')I8G5T;W(@06=R965M96YT/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E


3!P



M;&4]


M(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78^)#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C
M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

G!T




M;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T



M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V











#`P

Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C


M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
M
#`@


M
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E


M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97



3!P=#LG/C
L
M


M9VX]





P
#`P
#`@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@






@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97



Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D


M
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SY#87-H(&%N9!#87-H($5Q=6EV
M86QE;G1S/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y



M;R!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S+B!#87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S('1O=&%L960@
M)#(N-R!M:6QL:6]N(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S+CPO9&EV/CQD:78^
M/&)R(\^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y




@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


2P@
C`Q
RP@8F%N:R!O



]


[
M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M='



3!P=#LG/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B


M:71H($$M0BP@=V4@9&\@;F]T(&AA=F4@8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@:7-S=65S

N($%C


@:6YH97)E;G0@:6X@=&AE



C4L
#`P(&%T(&)O
M=&@@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3



M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y



M;!I;B`R,#$T+`R


T1T;W`^26YV96YT
M;W)I97





M.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.B`Q





2!B96QO=R!T:&4@<')O9'5C=8C







96%S96AO;&0@26UP





@;V8@26YC;VUE+CPO


M9&5R/3-$

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




M

T0G




M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97






T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



B`F(S@R
3$[(#$P('EE87)S/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M97
\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


T0G




6QE






M='







#$T+`R,#$S(&]R(#(P,3(N/]D:78^/&1I=CX\8G(@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



@87)E
M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X




M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q








M;65N='
\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





[(&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M97(@:7








@=&AA;B!I='






@:7





M8V5E9'






]



M:7IE.B`Q




3!P=#LG/DEN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@:6YT86YG:6)L


M86YG97


@




]






M87

3$[(%)E9G5N9&%B;&4@9&5P
M;W-I='









M97)I;V1I8V%L;'D@=7-E(&EN=&5R;F%L(')E8V]R9'
L(')E8V]R9'
@;6%I


M;6%T:6]N('1O(&5S=&EM871E('1H92!P:'ES:6-A;!C;W5N=!O9B!K96=S


M(&%F9F5C=!T:&4@86UO=6YT(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(&5Q=6EP;65N=!A;F0@


M;F0@
C`Q




T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
@;V8@4FES:SPO=&0^



M;&QY('-U8FIE8W0@=7

M;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L('1H:7
@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!R:7-K(&ES(&QI

L('1H96ER
M(&=E;V=R87!H:6


M;&-O:&]L:6



]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78@





]

]

T0G





M8W0@:7




]

T0G

3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4



@=&AA;B!T=V\@



@;V8@
M-C`L








@86YD(&]T:&5R(&-U



N/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^


@86YD(%)E;6ET=&5D('1O($=O

6QE.B!I=&%L
M:6
[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E








]





[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


\+V1I

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97








C`Q
R!A;F0@
M
C`Q


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M='


@82!R961U8W1I;VX@;V8@4V%L97
@:6X@;W5R



M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97








M9&=M96YT86P@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

M:6QI='D@86YD(&]P=&EO;B!L:69E+CPO9&EV/CQD:78^/&)R(\^/]D:78^



M='5R97

M86P@97AP97)I96YC92!A;F0@97AP96-T960@9G5T=7)E(&%C=&EV:71Y+CPO




M;6%N8V4@9V]A;'





M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M86P@0V]S='

M9GD[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E







]



@87)E



M87-S971S(&%R92!R961U8V5D(&)Y(&$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!W










3!P=#LG/B8C

T0G

3!P=#LG/E=E(')E
M8V]G;FEZ92!T:&4@8F5N969I='
@;V8@=&%X(')E='5R;B!P;W-I=&EO;G
@

M96YA;'1I97


C`Q
RP@=V4@9&ED
2!I;G1E<F5S=!A;F0@<&5N86QT:65S(&%C8W)U960@;VX@=6YR96-O9VYI


T1T

6QE.B!I
M=&%L:6
[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L





L(%)E9&AO;VL@




M
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z

'0M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97






]


]







@86YD(&QI



@86YD

M92!R96%S;VYA8FQE('5N9&5R('1H92!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S(&%T('1H92!T


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF85]A
M
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]



T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D

96%S


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M/CPO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E

3!P=#LG/D)U




\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W

G!T.R!F;VYT




3L@

\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W

G!T.R!F;VYT

S`E

M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


G!T.R!F;VYT+7-I
6QE/3-$)V)A






96%S96AO;&0@

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N





T1T




M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



3!P=#LG




6QE/3-$

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97


T0G8F%C:V=R




U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F-3AC86%E.6)C#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


C@N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


]



M

]





G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\







M
#`P
3H@)U1I

'!T
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M



#$S/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M






M;&4]

M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\






3!P=#LG
M/C0L.3


T1B;W1T



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V







M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P
M=#LG/C
L


T1B



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0G


M;&4]

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L




24[




F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXV,C<\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!N;W=R87`]


M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@




T1B



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



2PU
S$\

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG





M


M;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
G!X


G!X.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P


T0G





M.B`C
#`P


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



M:7IE.B`Q

38L-C









]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@








!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#`E





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M



#$T/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M86QI9VX]







M;&4]



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
3!P=#LG/C(L
S


T1B;W1T;VT@




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE


T0G=&5X


M

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI

M93H@

\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D




3!P=#LG/E!R97!A:60@:6YS=7)A;F-E/]D:78^/]T9#X\

M(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT



M
3!P=#LG/C




M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


M;&4]

M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD



T0G








M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO



M:7IE.B`Q



T1B;W1T



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F








M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P





M.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P


P
#`P



M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D




M
#`P

T1B





U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T

O4VAE970S







@*%1A8FQE


]
M



]


]
T1T



M;VYS:7-T960@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R`H:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3H\+V1I

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


#L\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




38P.SPO


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


M='1O;3LG/B8C

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-38E.R!V


M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR,#$S/]D:78^

G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D






M(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

#$L
M



T0G












F4Z(#$P<'0[
M)SY=6EL9&EN9W





M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\




M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




3!P=#LG








@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0G=&5X


M

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI

M93H@

@86YD(&]T:&5R(&5Q=6EP

T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E

BPU

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D







M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

96%S96AO


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V






T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C



'!T








M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@-38E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG



M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A





M:7IE.B`Q

T1N;W=R


M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M


M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P




3!P=#LG/C(L



T0G

M






M9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V









M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O





'!T





G!X.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


#`P
M


3!P=#LG/B@W
PX
M-C`\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P


T0G

M;3LG/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P




M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M

U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V
M-#E?-#9F-3AC86%E.6)C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O






#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



M='
@86YD('1H92!R96QA=&5D(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!A


M/CPO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO

6QE/3-$)W!A

M.B!T;W`[)SXF(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
M

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M87`]


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C


M






M:7IE.B`Q



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@


M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

M9VX]





M)B

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



T1B



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T1B;W1T





T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M86QI9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

#`\+V1I=CX\

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-38E.R!V97)T:6-A


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


T0G








M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M.B`Q

BPR

M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M86QI9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

#PO9&EV

Q



M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/D%C8W5M
M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[


M



T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


T1B;W1T



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M


M;&4]


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


Y




M(S$V




M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT





M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

Q

T1N



G!T





P
M
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS






M





Q

M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




T0G9F]N

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V






M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O






M;VT[)SXF(S$V

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



#L\

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@-38E.R!V97)T:6-A




M;3LG/B8C





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V










M9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97

S$\+V1I=CX\+W1D


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE





P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







T0G8F%C:V=R

24[('9E





M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT




M



M86QI9VX]


Q

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A


T1B;W1T



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


T1B;W1T;VT@








M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D


T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF


M/B8C




M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



3!P=#LG/B@R







G!X
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M=&]M.B`C
#`P


3!P


M86QI9VX]




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\



M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M)SXF(S$V


M(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M






M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D






M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O






M;VT[)SXF(S$V

M='1O;3LG/B8C

G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE

M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





#`P




M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

C=P=#L@9F]N


M


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M


2P\



#`P
#`P
3H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E




#$S/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W

M




M;W1T;VTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,G!X('-O;&ED.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P


T0G


M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V





M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M




M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXR-3,\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
M




]


@*&EN


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X

M.B`Q




M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT



M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CPO


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI

24[








G!T.R!F;VYT

#$W/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C$U-#PO9&EV

Q

M



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



34S



M;&4]

M;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4


C`Q.3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A







M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M='1O;3LG/B8C

G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M;3LG/B8C




M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M



M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





3!P=#LG/C$L









]

T1)1#!%2T@^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


]



M


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD




I.CPO9&EV/CQD:78^

T0P

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.3`E.R!F;VYT+69A

M86QI9VX]






M;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





T1B







T0G=&5X




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97

3!P

P@,C`R,SPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V





M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I



3!P=#LG/C$P+#@P






@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

3!P=#LG

M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/BT\+V1I=CX\

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@-C8E.R!V97)T:6-A




M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@


M







G!T.R!F

\




T1N


M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M

#$T/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L

M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



3!P=#LG

M;3LG/B8C

T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-C8E




T1B





P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

\+V1I

M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A





G!X.R!B
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO


T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


T1N;W=R


M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M









M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A




T1B;W1T;VT@




M.B`Q



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@





3!P=#LG/BD\


38P

M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M


P
#`P


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

M9VX]





#`P

M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P



3$L
M




@;VX@;W5T



M/CPO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





P
#`P
#`@
M



M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I
M;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

#`P



G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D

Q


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/E!R;VUI

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97










T0G8F%C










M86QI9VX]



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E


M9VX]


Q-C`[



T1B;W1T;VT@






M


M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXQ

M='1O;3LG/B8C



G!T.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL

M/B8C





M9VX]



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/BT\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G=&5X





M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M;&4]


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

3
T/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G8F%C:V=R



M:7IE.B`Q

C`Q-SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M86QI9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

#@\+V1I=CX\

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P


M


M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



T1B;W1T



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




Q-C`[

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS










T0G8F%C:V=R



M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M





M



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



RPP
M

M;3LG/B8C

T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E


M9VX]


Q-C`[

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG



M
3


T1B;W1T;VT@




C`Q.3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D







M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U
M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97




M)B

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@



T0G=&5X








P
#`P
M
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V

M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


X



Q

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D








Q-C`[

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A





M:7IE.B`Q



M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG





M.B`Q




T0G8F%C:V=R

24[('9E





C$\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

T1B;W1T






M;&4]


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



3!P=#LG/C@W






@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







P
M
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







P
#`P
M
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V

M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97







P
#`P
#`@
M
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





#L\+W1D/CQT




#`P
M

M

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@-'!X





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





#`P

M;W=R87`]


M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97









Q


]

M






M8G(@+SX\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M;&5F=#H@

M



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A







M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
30\+V1I=CX\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\









T1B


M)B




3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
3!P=#LG/C



M;&4]








T0G

M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E






M93H@


3!P=#LG/C
T/]D:78^/]T9#X\




]
M

T1)1#!%
D8^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\

M1&5R:79A=&EV92!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='






I.CPO



!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#`E


M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


T1B


M)B

T1B;W1T;VT@





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V



M;&0[)SXR



T0G











M86QI9VX]


Q


T0G9F]N

T1B;W1T





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


3!P=#LG/BD\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






3!P=#LG/BT\+V1I

M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M


T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]F($EN=&5R

M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='


M;&4]

3!P=#LG


M;64@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

3!P=#LG

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P







38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M93H@

M


P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W=R87`[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/F9R;VT@06-C=6UU;&%T


M
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/DEN8V]M92`H169F96-T:79E(%!O


M)SXF(S$V

M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@






M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA


M86QI9VX]


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M)SXF(S$V




M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97






T0G














@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M969F.R!W:61T:#H@



M
C`Q

T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M:7IE.B`Q



T1B;W1T




M97AP96YS93PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC
















]

T1)
M1#!%


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


@




'!T

I.CPO9&EV/CQD:78^

T0P

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.3`E.R!F;VYT+69A

M:7IE.B`Q

B4[


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


M;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V




M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O

M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97






M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M;&4]

M87`]


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


M93H@


T0G




M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M)B


T0G

T1B





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT@



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M.B`Q




M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M8G(@+SX\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0[)SY&86ER(%9A;'5E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S/]D:78^/]T


M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



M97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/DQE
M=F5L(#$\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/B8C

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P




M;&4]







M=&]M.B`C
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/E1O=&%L/]D:78^/]T9#X\









M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



BPV-3`\

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M.B`Q




M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG

M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E






M93H@


3!P=#LG/C(L-C4P/]D:78^/]T



]

M=CX\=&%B;&4@86QI9VX]

M

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#`E.R!F;VYT


T0G


M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M



#$T






M






M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG





M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97


M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-38E.R!V97)T:6-A




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



T1N;W=R87`@


M







M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F
M7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F

U+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]

]


]


M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97

L($=R;W-S

T0G=VED=&@Z(#DP)3L@




M
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P


38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M)B



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E


T0G=&5X








T0G






M




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\




M;&4]





M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/D=R;W-S('!R;V9I=#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0G=&5X






M



T0G









M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





M



#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M







M;&4]


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

CDN-#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-30E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0G=&5X

M9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;3LG/B8C



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C




M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO

M


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C





M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR
#$S/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


T0G



M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D









@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97

3!P

24[











M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V









@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E

3!P=#LG/D=R
M;W-S('!R;V9I=#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M










M9VX]


Q-C`[



T1B;W1T;VT@






M969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M





3!P
M=#LG/C4P+#(V





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

T1B;W1T





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


3!P=#LG/B4\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9VX]







M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E



M9VX]



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@




M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



T0G=&5X






@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M;3LG/B8C



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C




M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO

M


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C




M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M

M)B



T0G=&5X






30U
M+#8W



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXR,RPV,3<\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N


M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D




M





@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/D=R;W-S('!R;V9I=#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



S0Q



T0G8F%C










M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




3!P


3!P=#LG/C4P+#`R-CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\



M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\








M


M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

CDN-CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




]


M:7IE.B`Q







!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


P
#`P
#`@
M

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@





G!X.R!W:61T:#H@





M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR



M;&4]









M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


3!P=#LG/B4\




M86QA;F-E.CPO9&EV/CQD:78^/&)R(\^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&%L:6=N/3-$


M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P
#`@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



M;&0[)SXR


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

B!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M

3!P=#L@9F]N

M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M

M/B8C








U.#4X9F%?

O4VAE970S


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4W1O8VLM0F%S960@4&QA;G


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]


]


]



M.B`Q


@87






M86QI9VX]







M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

G!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT


#$T/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@


Q-C`[

#`P


M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG
M/C(P


M

M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M



M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M






M;&4]

M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD





G!T.R!F;VYT







M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V








G!T.R!F;VYT

@=F%L=64@;V8@9G5L;'DM=F5S=&5D


M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C(X.#PO

M)B

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S




T0G

M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[






M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V

]
T1R93X-

@

M8G(@+SX\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M;&5F=#H@

M



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A







M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
30\+V1I=CX\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\









T1B


M)B

T1B






M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@



T0G=&5X



M(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M.B`Q


M





M:7IE.B`Q

G!X.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M
#`P


3!P=#LG/C$Q



M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S







M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[


G!T.R!F

M;VX@97AP96YS93PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P


T0G





M
#`P





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



M.B`Q






P
#`P
#`@-'!X


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

]

M


M+SX\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M=#H@

T1B



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG








M=&]M.B`C
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
30\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D







6QE

T1B;W1T


Q

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



3!P=#LG/C(N




M;&4]


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

2XV
3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\



M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/D1I=FED96YD('EI96QD/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P
M=#LG/C`N



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

Q

T1N



M93H@






T1B;W1T;VT@







M9VX]





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E



M

M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI


M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[




24[('9E





3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\






]

2P@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@P)3L@9F]N

G!X.R!W



M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



T1N


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P


M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SY796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($5X


T1B;W1T


'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]D:78^

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS





M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS





M.B`Q



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

38N
G!T.R!F


M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E



3!P=#LG/C$T
M

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

T1B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

2XQ-SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

38N
G!T.R!F;VYT











T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P







F4Z(#$P<'0[
M)SY#86YC96QL960\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

Q+#`W-#PO9&EV/CPO


M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI

M93H@



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A







G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D


M




#`P
M

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


#4L
#






M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS








3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<L(%1I;65S
M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

@87

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;BUR:6=H=#H@
3@N



!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#`E.R!F






'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/D]U



T0G




'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H


M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4V)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

T1B;W1T



T1N

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@-38E.R!V97)T:6-A






M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




T1B






M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@





G!T.R!F;VYT

M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXQ+#(T.PP,#`\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


24[













M





M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

]
T1R


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

M=&@Z(#$P

M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N
M;VYE.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]




M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR
#$T/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B

M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[
M)SXF(S$V



3!P=#L@
M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SY!=V%R9',\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R
M87`]



M=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93LG/B8C
38P.SPO

#`P
#`P(#)P


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR,#$R/]D


G!X

M(&YO;F4[)SXF(S$V

M=6T@;F]N93L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!C

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97


C`Q


M86QI9VX]





M)B



@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M.B`T









M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M:75M(&YO;F4[)SXF(S$V

M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@;65D:75M(&YO


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@=&5X=UA



T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M;&4]

M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


BPT-3`\+V1I

M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@9F]N



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@=&5X=UA





M.B`Q

30U/]D:78^/]T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE
M9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`T


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V



T0G9F]N





38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@=&5X=UA;&EG





M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#L\

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A
M8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93LG/CQD



M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@=&5X=UA;&EG





T0G9F]N






M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M)SXF(S$V

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@;65D



@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH




M;VYE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M)SXF(S$V

T1B;W1T




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS



M93H@




38P.SPO



M;W1T;VTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R






'!T.R!F





M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU
M;2!N;VYE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

M)SXF(S$V






'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC


38P.SPO




M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R







M;VYE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


M9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


M)SXF(S$V

T1B;W1T




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS



M93H@


M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R




T0G8F]R


38P.SPO


'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B!M961I=6T@










T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M;65D:75M(&YO;F4[)SXF(S$V


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



M93H@




M961I=6T@;F]N93LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M)B

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R



M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C







Q

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#L\



M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH
C(L.3
X/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI

M93H@

M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
#`@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@

M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

M)SXS




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97

M;W)M86P[)SXQ.2PU




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A



@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97




T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE
M9G0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT

M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V












]

T1)


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



]
M



]



@86YD(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W


M+SX\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


G!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`@

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


M='1O;3LG/B8C

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-3DE.R!V


M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR,#$S/]D:78^

G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D

Q

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!V97)T:6-A

M97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E

C`Q
M

6QE/3-$


T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\




3!P=#LG/C$X+#@V






@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/D1I;'5T:79E(&5F9F5C=!O9B!S=&]C:RUB
M87-E9!A=V%R9'


#`P

Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M/B8C


M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M


M;&4]







P
#`P




3!P=#LG/C$Y+#$R-CPO



M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P




3DL




M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


#`P
#`P

S0\

M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX\+W1D/CQT9!N
M;W=R87`]



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^/'1D




M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@





@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97





T0G



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M

M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V




T0G=&5X



M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



3!P=#LG/C$R-#PO9&EV

Q

S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T
M.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-O;7!O;F5N='




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


#L\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97





M/B8C

3`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

2P\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


Q

#`P


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/C(P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M
M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR



M;&4]








Q


T0G9F]N

T1B;W1T






M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I=CX\




3!P=#LG/C(Y




M86QI9VX]


M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO




C



T0G=&5X

M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL








T1B


M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A





M:7IE.B`Q




T0G8F%C

M)B

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M

2PS
3

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P
M=#LG/C0Y





M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0G=&5X

M9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M




M

M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M






M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ




M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T;VT@






M


M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[






M




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





G!X.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M
#`P


3!P=#LG/C$Q




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P

M='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


T0G9F]N

M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M


M;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
G!X


G!X.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M/B8C


M86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M

T1B;W1T;VT@





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P(#1P





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P



M
BPP

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A



M(,P,#`P,#`@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P




M(')I9VAT.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V

M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




3!P=#LG/C$L.34Q/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W



]









M
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!V97)T:6-A

M97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E


T1N


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

G!X.R!W:61T


M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P,30\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO

B!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



M;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED

M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97


C`Q




M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A





M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M)B

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M86QI9VX]


6QE

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/E-T871E('1A


M.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



3!P=#LG



M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0G


M;&4]





M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P







M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




T0G9F]N





M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C$Y.#PO

M)B

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S




T0G








@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

3!P=#LG









M.B`Q


M





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97



M

M



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




M)B


M(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT



M
3!P=#LG/B@Q


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE


T0G8F%C



M/B8C




M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T;VT@








3!P=#LG/BD\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


G!X.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M
#`P


3!P=#LG/BT\

M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[

G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P


3!P=#LG/C$U
SPO9&EV



T1B;W1T;VT@




P
#`P



M:7IE.B`Q




M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E

CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO




M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P


3!P



T1N


M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CQT

M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M



@

\+W1D/@T*






3!P=#LG/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@





G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



M

M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-C8E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA


#`P
M
3H@)U1I;65S

'!T.R!F
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C(P
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R<'@[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



#$S/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8V)3L@=F5R




M)B

M

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M


B!V86QI9VX]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM










M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@


M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

M



M






M;&4]


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



3!P=#LG/CDR






@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/D]T:&5R/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P


P
M
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


G!X.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M
#`P


3!P=#LG/CDQ



M(S$V




M


M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\



T1B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


M9VX]


Q-C`[

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG


T1B;W1T;VT@



M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S




M;&4]

M;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/D1E

M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

G!T

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1B





T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3!P=#LG/BD\+V1I=CX\








M.B`Q



G!T.R!F;VYT+69A

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M;W=R87`]








M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97




M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A





M:7IE.B`Q




G!X.R!B
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


M.B`C
#`P


3!P=#LG
M/B@R
#


T0G9F]N

M9VX]



G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


#`P





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4


T0G

Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V



M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E

3@L-C@T/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



#L\




M.B`C
#`P

M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T
M:#H@

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


T0G

T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

W-#PO9&EV/CPO




]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97
6QE

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


2P@
C`Q-P@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@;W5R(&YE=!O




M)W=I9'1H.B`X

M




3!P=#LG/E-T871E($Y/3'

M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M







M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F
M7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F

Y+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]



]

]
T1P


M9'



3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



T0G


M(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED

M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97





M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG

T0G

T1N;W=R


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

M
B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P

3!P=#L@

M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




3!P=#LG
M/C0P


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L('-E


M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A






M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@


M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

M


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S
U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F-3AC86%E

O4VAE970T

M;G0]

^#0H@

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\

M0V]M;6ET;65N='





M.B`Q

M;G1S('5N9&5R(&YO;BUC86YC96QA8FQE(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@87
@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@*&EN('1H;W5S


M9'1H.B`X

'!T


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI

24[







M87`]


M='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-C@E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P





M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C$L-C
P/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G8F%C:V=R



M:7IE.B`Q

C`Q-SPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M86QI9VX]





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97


Q

M



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



2PR

M;3LG/B8C





M8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI

G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P


3!P=#LG/C$Q+#0P-#PO



T1B;W1T




P
#`P








@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L







T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M








M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97




M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U
M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C



G!T.R!F;VYT+69A

M;3LG/B8C





M86QI9VX]


6QE

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/C(P





M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

M)B

M





M)SXR


M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C
V.3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO








P
#`P
#`@
M
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97




Q-C`[






P
#`P
#`@-'!X


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M9R!
96%S97

]







!S='EL93TS1=W


M)SXF(S$V



#`P
3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

'!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#LG/EEE87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



M+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
G!X

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97


C`Q




M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M;&4]

M


M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C


G!T


M








T0G9F]N

M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E






M93H@


3!P=#LG/C(L-34T/]D:78^/]T







M;&4]

M9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE

M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V

]
T1R
3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M;F-O;64L(&%S(&9O;&QO=W





G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97



T1N;W=R87`@


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-#0E


M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]





M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXR,#$S/]D

G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@

#L\

M)B

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!V97)T

M96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L

M
C`Q

6QE



M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/E)E;G1A;!I;F-O;64\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!V86QI9VX]





M

M





T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M86QI9VX]



'!T



C4T/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@;F]W



M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97









T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q



Q

6QE/3-$

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG

T0G

T1N;W=R


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('9A;&EG

T0G

T1N;W=R


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('9A;&EG

T0G

T1N;W=R


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C

M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D


M+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS





3!P




M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT@



M(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO
'0M86QI



M;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@





N


@9F]L;&]W




M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S-B4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97








B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P


M

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[



#$S/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


R!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P


M

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
24[

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R






3!P=#LG/C0Y







M.B`Q



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T1N



]



M.B`Q


@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
30@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W






M;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V






M='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V



P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O

M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RP@5&EM97

'0M






M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

3!P=#L@






T0G8F%C














M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97
L



M/B8C
F4Z(#$P<'0[)SXR,BPR
M,CD\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





#$V/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
M



3!P



M;&4]


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q






M9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M.B`Q


M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C


G!T.R!F


M(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL




T0G9F]N

M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E







M.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


M(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



#

M)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C





M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M

M9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Y)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQD:78@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V







G!T.R!F

#$Y/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/C$L-3(Q



T0G8F%C



M/B8C






M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO

M





M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z


G!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M)SXF(S$V


#`P





T1B;W1T;VT@




P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@
24[('9E





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97



M;&4]

M)B

P
#`P
#`@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97

CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





M

Q

P
#`P



M


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


M


M(-C8V5E9F8[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W
M:61T:#H@

#L\+W1D

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M93H@
3!P=#LG/C
L






P
#`P
#`@
M-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97

M)SXS.PP-34\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N










3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]








I.CPO9&EV/CQD:78^/&)R(\^/]D:78^


M/3-$


T1B;W1T






G!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@

#L\+W1D/CPO

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X.R!W:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V




M(&)O;&0[)SXR



M









M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97


3!P=#LG/D%M;W5N='
@


M8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M(S$V



M9VAT.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@.24[('9E

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M





M;&]R.B`C8V-E969F.R!W:61T:#H@

M;VT[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TW+C)P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SXF(S$V


3!P=#LG/B@R+#8R.3PO9&EV/CPO


M9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@

M



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


3!P=#LG/BD\






M9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M/B8C






M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE

M





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!W:61T:#H@-C8E.R!V97)T:6-A









P
#`P
M
#`@-'!X(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97





M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



3!P=#LG/B0\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T











]


]






T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F('-T



]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S
U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F

O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



T1T;W`^0V%S


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S(V+#`P


]




]
T1N=6UP


]





M/D%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P


]



]











]

M;&4@1&5P;W-I='






]

#`L


M1&YU;7`^
3`L
3`P+#`P

]





]














]


]

]
M









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(L-#`P+#`P


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]


]




]



T1T;W`^1&ES








]


]



]


]
T1R

]


]





]


]











]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U;!L


]










]

M86QI9VX]


]



]


]

]
T1R93X-


]


]


]



]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U;!L:79E

]
M


]



]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X
M-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F



M='`M97%U:78]

]


2P@


#$S/&)R



T1T;W`^5V]R





]


M;7`^
2PU


]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C8S




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L-C

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A
M864Y8F




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@

S$L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^





]

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S
U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F-3AC86%E

O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


:6YE($ET96US



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q








]

M+!0;&%N=!A;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(%M






]
T1N=6UP/C4U+#`U


]










]






]



T1T;W`^/'-T

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]







]

3



]
T1T

]


]
M

]




U
M.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F-3AC86%E.6)C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T





^+RH@1&\@


$4Q




@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

T0S


#$T/&)R/CPO




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]

]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^

]



]



]






]


]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$W+#8Y

M86QI9VX]



]







]
T1R;SX-

]


]



]









]




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9G5T=7)E(&%M;W)T:7IA

M+#

]
T1T

]

:79E

]


]


]


]

]
M



]









]







]

M

]

L($YE=#PO

]
T1R:#X-

]
M

]
M

]








]
T1R

M1&YU;3XH




]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L92!A;F0@;W1H97(@87-S971S+!.







M;VYG/D9I;FET92U

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]







M


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L92!A;F0@;W1H97(@87-S971S+!.970\+W1D/@T*




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]



]


T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L92!A;F0@;W1H97(@87-S971S

]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#0R.3QS

]
T1T

]









]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]

]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S






]


M-RPP




]




]



RPW
C`L


3$L
#4P+#`P


]



]

]
T1R









]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P+#@P


]

]

]


]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO=&0^

]


]


]

SDQ+#`P


]



T1T;W`^
C`Q-SPO=&0^

]


]


]



]



T1T;W`^
C`Q.3PO=&0^

]


]


]


T1T;W`^


]






]

3`L-#(Q+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C8P

]

]
M


]





]



]













]


T1T;W`^5&5R;2!
;V%N(%M-96UB97)=('P@36%X:6UU;2!;













]

]








]
T1T97AT


T1T



@;V8@3&]N









M




M=&]P/C(P

]
M

]












T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0\

]


]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^36%X





]






]


S
L

S
L

S0L
#`P/'-P86X^





]


]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^0F%S
M:7

]
T1N=6UP/C$N



]



T1T;W`^3&EN92!O9B!#






]





]










]


]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!B;W)R;W=I

]
M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3&5T=&5R(&]F($-R961I=!;365M8F5R72!\($UI;FEM=6T@

]


]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^0F%S
M:7

]
T1N=6UP/C$N

971T97(@;V8@








BXP


]

]


]




;VYG('1E



]


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

M

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8P


]


]




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\




M/C(P

]
T1R

]





;VYG

]
T1T

]
T1T

]




]





















]


]


]

]


]


]

M
C`P+#`P









]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8S
M+#`P





]
T1R93X-








]
T1N=6UP/C$V-2PP
M






]




]


]



T1T;W`^4W1A=&5D
M(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@*&EN(&AU;F1R961T:'
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]





]
T1T97AT


T1T







@

]


]


]












#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

SDL





#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

S0L





#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

S
L





#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

S
L





#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

S
L






#`L


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C@W
BPP

]
T1N=6UP


]
M






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF
M85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F




M97%U:78]


]




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@



]








]


]


]


]



]










#`E/'-P




]



T1T;W`^3F]T:6]N86P@=F%L=64@



M(&AU;F1R961T:'


]
T1T

]

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]





]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
U
RPP








;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y
M8F



]




M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R




]



]








]


]







]


]


]


M9G5N9'




]
M








]




]


]

M9'




]
T1P



@

]
T1N




]



]





L(&%T





]
T1N=6T^*#4P




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]


]
M

M;7`^


I








]

T1)1#!%25-!1SX-B`@(`@

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P


]


]


]

M











]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]







BXV



]



M86)L97


]



T1T;W`^06YH975S
M97(M0G5S8V@L($Q


]




M96UB97)=('P@4F5P;W)T:6YG(%-E9VUE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]








2XX


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]



L(&=R;W-S('!R






]
T1N=6UP/C(T
M+#
U

M86QI9VX]



L-3

]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]


U.#4X9F%?83!A9E\T869E7S@V-#E?-#9F
M-3AC86%E.6)C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T



M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$515T1+/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]






]




]




]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]



]


]








:6YE($ET


]


]







3@L
#`P

M.#4L

M1&YU;7`^


M9VX]
















M(&]P=&EO;G


S(L




]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#
Y+#`P



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C0X+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



]





]




]






]


]



]



]

M86QI9VX]




]



M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@;&EF93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XW('EE87)S(#$P(&UO


M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XX('EE87)S(#$@;6]N=&@@



T1T;W`^5F]L871I;&ET


]


]


]

]


]







]





]



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0V%N8V5L;&5D(AI;B!S:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S












]













]


]


]


]



S

]
M

]
M

]




]


]












C(W+#


]



T1T;W`^4&5R

]
T1N=6T^*#(X+#4W
M





M;F-E;&QE9!D=64@=&\@=&5R;6EN871I;VX@;V8@96UP;&]Y964L(AI;B!S
M:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.2PU-C`I






]
M

]
M

]

M97


C(L.3


]


T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4M8F%S960@


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@1W)A;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-





]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

S`L




]



]


]

]
M

]







]
T1R93X-








]


]


]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]

]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q,!3=&]C:R!);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA


]


]

]
M



M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N



#$P(%-T;V-K($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N(%M-96UB






M:'

C4N
#`E/'-P

3(U




3`@4W1O8VL@26YC96YT:79E(%!L86X@

]


]














]


T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@9V]A;'


]
















]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]


]

]
M

N(&-A;F-E;&5D(&1U92!T;R!F86EL=7)E('1O(&UE970@



]

]




]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#@X


]


T1T;W`^
C`Q
R!!=V%R9'


]


]










M='



]


]



]

@8V%N8V5L;&5D(&1U92!T;R!T97)M:6YA

]









M97


M97-T(&%T(&5N9!O9B!P97)I;V0L(AI;B!S:&%R97








]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0R+#0U


]


T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4M

]







I/]T9#X-B`@


]


]



]



C(L.3
X*3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^













]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

I












]


]


]

N(&-A;F-E;&5D(&1U

@*&EN('-H






M;6%N8V4@9V]A;'


]


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A
M864Y8F



]


M=&%I;'



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M



]


]
M

M;B!S:&%R97

M





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y


]

]
M


]









]



@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M;VYG/D-O;7!O;F5N='

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



RPP



#DL





M1&YU;7`^
BPP
C(L

2PS
#0L

2PY-3$L






M1&YU;7`^
2PW
S0L

2PQ
#DL

2PU
C(L


]
T1N=6UP/C$X
BPP


M9&EF9F5R96YC97


]

3$S+#`P
M





]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&%X(&-R961I=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6T^*#$R


]





]
T1N=6UP/C$U
RPP



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
S`T+#`P



]


]


]









C(L


]







]




3
L
3
Y+#`P

]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#8L
C0P
M+#`P




3@X+#`P

]



]
T1N=6T^
M*#$Y+#4V-RPP


3@L-C@T+#`P

]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M1&YU;3XH
38L.3`P+#`P

]


]

]




S(L
#`P







T1T;W`^1F5D97)A;!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@





@;V8@

]


]



]


2PP-SDL




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3$V+#`P



]


]


]


]




C`Q+#`P
#QS

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$T
M+#`P



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U
M.&-A864Y8F




T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

M

]
M





]








M-3`N

M1&YU;7`^-3`N





]
M
T1N=6UP/C8N




T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y;65N=!T97)M(&5L:6=I
M8FEL:71Y+!-:6YI;75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]


]






M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W,S4X-3AF85]A,&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T
M.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-S

M='
O4VAE970U-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M/D]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PX
SDL




#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L-#@T+#`P


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

2PR.#4L


#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L







3@L


]
M

]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


R
RPP


]





34\

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C
V.2PP






]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C
V.2PP




3D\

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C$Y+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT



]









]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
3`S+#`P


]



]

BPY
3@L


2PP


]



S@L
#4U+#`P


]



]







]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#@R
BPP
M



M=&]P/C(P

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^






M:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


]

M86QI9VX]





M
3`L




M960@56YC;VYD:71I;VYA;!0=7)C:&%S92!/8FQI9V%T:6]N+!&:7-C86P@





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#`W+#`P


]



]



]



]



]



]



]



]



]



]



]






]


]



]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4FEG:'0@=&\@8G5Y;W5T(&QE87-E
M(&9A8VEL:71Y+!-:6YI;75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R-2PP




3(U+#`P


]







]




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

]


T1T;W`^2&5A9'%U87)T97)S










]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@








96%S
M960@07-S971S(%M









BPP
M












]







96%S960@07-S971S(%M
:6YE($ET


M9'

]
T1R:#X-

@3V9F
M:6-E(%-P86-E+!297-T875R86YT(&%N9!3=&]R86=E($9A8VEL:71I97
@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R

@:6X@86=R965M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%\W
S4X-3AF85]A
&%F7S1A9F5?.#8T.5\T-F8U.&-A864Y8F
-




@*$1E=&%I;'



T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3

2P@
M
C`Q

]







M;7`^

]


]



M





]


]
T1T

]




]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

]





@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&]S=UM;V1I9FEC871I;VX@;6%R9VEN(&9E92!P




]








M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@








]



RPP.#
L

]



]








]
T1N=6UP/C0T.2PP

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%M;W5N='

M:V5G(&9E97




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]


]

M.#0V+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C@L-#4W+#`P
M

]





BPW
C@L


]


M86QI9VX]

2PX
C$L
M

]
T1N=6T^*#$L.#4R+#`P


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]

RPS.38L



]


]
T1T

]



@=VET













M;G




M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T

M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


 2014

          















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
981
000
2
726
000
5
013
000
795
000


        
        
700
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
25
000
25
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Supply period of inventory recorded as a component of Intangible and other assets
 minimum
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
8
000
000
8
000
000
        
        


Keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation.
10
100
000
6
500
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
2
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
60
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 15
000
000
$ 12
400
000
$ 12
400
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Furniture
 Fixtures and Other Equipment [Member] | Minimum [Member]
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Furniture
 Fixtures and Other Equipment [Member] | Maximum [Member]
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the entity. Overdrafts generally have a very short time frame for correction or repayment and are therefore more similar to short-term bank financing than trade financing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
2
2
1
4
3
403




        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
4
4
2
3
8
5
1
1
Pub food
18
16
639




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
$ 1
839
000
        
        


        
1
630
000
        
        


        
1
484
000
        
        


        
1
285
000
        
        


        
1
237
000
        
        


        
11
404
000
        
        


Operating Leases
 Total
18
879
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
2
323
000
2
554
000
2
665
000


        
        
        
        


        
369
000
        
        


        
369
000
        
        


        
369
000
        
        


        
369
000
        
        


        
369
000
        
        


        
2
219
000
        
        


Sub lease
 Total
4
064
000
        
        


Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
22
229
000
        
        


        
5
712
000
        
        


        
4
103
000
        
        


        
2
918
000
        
        


        
1
521
000
        
        


        
1
572
000
        
        


        
38
055
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
20
822
000
        
        


        
4
794
000
        
        


        
3
533
000
        
        


        
2
468
000
        
        


        
1
521
000
        
        


        
1
572
000
        
        


        
34
710
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
1
407
000
        
        


        
918
000
        
        


        
570
000
        
        


        
450
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
345
000
        
        


Headquarters Office Space
 Restaurant and Storage Facilities [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Right to buyout lease facility
 Minimum
2
000
000
        
        


        
125
000
127
000
125
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
150
000
        
        


        
269
000
266
000
254
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ 499
000
$ 428
000
$ 402
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Limited Liability Company [Member] | Headquarters Office Space
 Restaurant and Storage Facilities [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equipment or other fixed assets for a specified time in exchange for payment
 usually in the form of rent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 4
414
$ 4
934


        
2
781
3
313


        
8
986
5
927


        
        
        


        
1
531
1
539


Pub food
 beverages and supplies
        
        


        
$ 18
971
$ 16
639




        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 of inventory owned by the entity related to restaurant operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 wholesaler or distributor and held for future sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 presentation or transportation of physical goods that are targeted for sale to end users.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements (Tables)

        

      






Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements [Abstract]
        


Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements
Property
December 31
101
93
55
55
7
7
Furniture
12
9
7
6
4
2
188
175
(77
(70
110
104
193




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
14
14
2
2
1
1
16
16
1
17
17
Year Ended December 31



        
1
355




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 3
077
$ 1
959
$ 2
526


        
        
        
        


        
8
648
8
164
7
369


Loss on sale or disposal of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
        
        
        


        
        
        
1
458


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 net
        
        
2
396


        
(2
185)
(5
577)
(1
855)


        
(1
011)
        
        


        
        
2
630
1
269


Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes
        
        
        


        
        
1
129
        


        
9
911
8
457
13
105


        
        
        
        


Expenditures for property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
(15
783)
(9
894)
(9
138)


Proceeds from sale of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
        
        
        


Proceeds from the sale of equity interest in Fulton Street Brewery
 LLC
        
        
        


        
(15
529)
(9
894)
(8
683)


        
        
        
        


        
        
(1
208)
        


        
3
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
873
        
        


        
(1
745)
(2
287)
4
218


        
        
        
        


        
2
726
5
013
        


        
        
2
726
5
013


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Cash paid for income taxes
 net
1
187
        
        


        
        
        
        


Purchases of Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements included in Accounts payable
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including security deposits
 collateral for a current or future transactions
 initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

  cash received or cash paid during the current period for miscellaneous operating activities
 net change during the reporting period in other assets or other liabilities).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.  Includes repayments of (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
Term loan
 due September 30
10
10
Line of credit
 due October 31
3
Promissory notes payable to related parties
 all due July 1
Note with affiliated party
 due November 15
14
11
(1
13
11
050


        
Required principal payments on outstanding debt obligations as of December 31
3
8
10
3
10
3
000


        
Under the Loan Agreement
 a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2014
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31
1
1
1
1
1
11
18
Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31
2
4
064


Rent Expense Under all Operating Leases
 Including Short-term Rentals
Rent expense under all operating leases
 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases
 gross
Year Ended December 31
2
2
2
665


        
We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income
Year Ended December 31



        
We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies
Year Ended December 31
We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020
Year Ended December 31



        
Aggregate future payments under purchase and sponsorship commitments as of December 31
20
1
22
4
5
3
4
2
2
1
1
1
1
34
3
38
055




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals. Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals.  Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the nature and significant terms of an unconditional purchase obligation; the amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the obligation as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the aggregate and
 if determinable
 for each of the five succeeding fiscal years; the nature of any variable components of the obligation; the amount purchased under the obligation (for example
 the take-or-pay or throughput contract) for the reporting period; and may include the amount of imputed interest necessary to reduce the obligation to present value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
19
038
18
923
18
862


        
        
        
        


        
19
126
19
042
18
934


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
$ 2
726


Accounts receivable
 net
11
741
11
370


        
18
971
16
639


Deferred income tax asset
 net
1
670
1
345


        
4
413
3
403


        
37
776
35
483


Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements
 net
110
350
104
193


        
12
917
12
917


Intangible and other assets
 net
17
558
17
693


        
178
601
170
286


        
        
        


        
12
987
14
742


Accrued salaries
 wages and payroll taxes
5
114
4
616


        
8
152
8
252


        
2
316
1
381


        
1
157
        


        
29
726
29
701


Long-term debt and capital lease obligations
 net of current portion
13
720
11
050


        
        
        


Deferred income tax liability
 net
18
570
17
719


        
        
        


        
63
184
59
054


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 $0.005 par value. Authorized 50
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding 19
115
396 and 18
972
247
        
        


        
138
391
136
972


        
        
        


        
(22
758)
(25
835)


        
115
417
111
232


        
$ 178
601
$ 170
286




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 2
336
$ 2
228


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
091
        


        
$ 4
413
$ 3
403




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically cash
 provided to a counterparty to provide certain assurance of performance by the entity pursuant to the terms of a written or oral agreement
 such as a lease.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
        
$ 135
091
        
$ (30
320)
$ 104
509


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2011
18
845
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
6
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
23
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments
 net of tax provision (benefit)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
2
526
2
526


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
        
136
030
        
(27
794)
108
195


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2012
18
874
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
75
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
23
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments
 net of tax provision (benefit)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
1
959
1
959


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
        
136
972
        
(25
835)
111
232


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2013
18
972
000
        
        
        
18
972
247


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
105
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
38
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments
 net of tax provision (benefit)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
3
077
3
077


Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
        
$ 138
391
        
$ (22
758)
$ 115
417


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2014
19
115
000
        
        
        
19
115
396




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Net Sales
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin by Segment
Net sales
173
26
200
55
3
58
154
24
179
47
3
50
145
23
169
46
3
50
026


        
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
1
1
1
1
2
1
1
Year Ended December 31
1
1
1
State taxes
Permanent differences
2
1
1
December 31
1
1
2
2
Property
(13
(12
(6
(6
(19
(18
(16
(16
As of December 31
 2014
State NOLs
In assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets
 we consider future taxable income expected to be generated by the projected differences between financial statement depreciation and tax depreciation
 cumulative earnings generated to date and other evidence available to us. Based upon this consideration
 we assessed that all of our deferred taxes are more likely than not to be realized
 and
 as such
 we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of December 31
There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31
Our major tax jurisdictions include U.S. federal and various U.S. states. Tax years that remain open for examination by the IRS include the years from 2011 through 2014. Tax years remaining open in states where we have a significant presence range from 2010 to 2014. In addition
 tax years from 1998 to 2004 and 2008 are eligible for examination by the IRS and state tax jurisdictions due to our utilization of the NOLs generated in these tax years in our tax returns.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Certain information regarding our stock-based compensation was as follows (in thousands
Year Ended December 31
1
039


        
Year Ended December 31
Selling
 general and administrative expense


        
Year Ended December 31



        
Stock option activity for the year ended December 31
Outstanding at December 31
298
141
(104
(31
Outstanding at December 31
305
031


        
Certain information regarding options outstanding as of December 31
305
53
1
248
288
000


        
77
50
42
57
227
(28
(28
(12
(16
(29
(28
(28
(22
(22
Expected to vest as of December 31
64
33
19
117
742




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 and exercisable awards. The information that may be disclosed in this table may include
 but is not limited to
 number of shares
 weighted average exercise price
 weighted average remaining contractual life
 and aggregate intrinsic value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 share-based liabilities paid
 and the total fair value of shares vested during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term of options (or share units) outstanding.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We lease office space
 restaurant and production facilities
 warehouse and storage space
 land and equipment under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2047. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require us to pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property. Under the terms of the land lease for our New Hampshire Brewery
Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31
1
1
1
1
1
11
18
Rent expense under all operating leases
 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and noncancelable operating leases
 gross
Year Ended December 31
2
2
2
We sub-lease corporate office space to an unrelated party pursuant to a 5-year lease that began in February 2011. The lessee also leased this space pursuant to a previous lease agreement in 2010 and 2009. In December 2014
 the lease agreement was amended to extend the lease through 2025
 with an option to cancel in 2020 with 180 days&#8217; written notice and a fee of $150
000. We recognized rental income related to the sublease
 which was recorded as an offset to rent expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income
Year Ended December 31
Future minimum lease rentals pursuant to this agreement as of December 31
2
4
We lease our headquarters office space
 restaurant and storage facilities located in Portland
 land and certain equipment from two limited liability companies
Year Ended December 31
The lease for the headquarters office space and restaurant facility expires in 2034
 with an extension at our option for two 10-year periods
 while the lease for the other facilities
 land and equipment expires in 2017 with an extension at our option for two five-year periods. We hold a right to purchase the headquarters office space and restaurant facility at the greater of $2.0 million or the fair market value of the property as determined by a contractually established appraisal method. The right to purchase is not valid in the final year of the lease term or in each of the final years of the renewal terms
We hold lease and sublease obligations for certain office space and the land underlying the brewery and pub location in Kona
 Hawaii
 with a company whose owners include a shareholder who owns more than 5% of our common stock and a nonexecutive officer. The sublease contracts expire on various dates through 2020
Year Ended December 31
We periodically enter into commitments to purchase certain raw materials in the normal course of business. Furthermore
 we have entered into purchase commitments and commodity contracts to ensure we have the necessary supply of malt and hops to meet future production requirements. Certain of the malt and hop commitments are for crop years through 2019. We believe that malt and hop commitments in excess of future requirements
 if any
 will not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We may take delivery of the commodities in excess of our requirements or make payments against the purchase commitments earlier than contractually obligated
In certain cases
 we have executed agreements with selected vendors to source our requirements for specific malt and hop varieties for the years ending December 31
 2015
 2016
 2017
 2018 and 2019; however
 either the quantity to be delivered or the full price for the commodity has not been established at the present time. To the extent the commitment is not measurable or has not been fixed
We have entered into multi-year sponsorship and promotional commitments with certain professional sports teams and entertainment companies. Generally
 in exchange for our sponsorship consideration
 we post signage and provide other promotional materials at the site or the event. The terms of these sponsorship commitments expire at various dates through May 31
Aggregate future payments under purchase and sponsorship commitments as of December 31
20
1
22
4
5
3
4
2
2
1
1
1
1
34
3
38
055




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments
 tax provision (benefit)
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 authorized (in shares)
50
000
000
50
000
000


Common stock
 issued (in shares)
19
115
396
18
972
247


        
19
115
396
18
972
247




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Our risk management objectives are to ensure that business and financial exposures to risk that have been identified and measured are minimized using the most effective and efficient methods to reduce
 transfer and
 when possible
We have assessed our vulnerability to certain business and financial risks
 including interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate long-term debt. To mitigate this risk
 effective January 23
 2014
 we entered into an interest rate swap contract with Bank of America
 N.A. (&#8220;BofA&#8221;) for 75% of the Term Loan balance
 to hedge the variability of interest payments associated with our variable-rate borrowings under our Term Loan with BofA. On July 1
 2013 our previous swap contract terminated. The current swap contract terminates on September 29
 2023
 and had a total notional value of $7.8 million as of December 31
 2014. Through this swap agreement
 we pay interest at a fixed rate of 2.86% and receive interest at a floating-rate of the one-month LIBOR
 which was 0.16% at December 31
 2014. Since the interest rate swap hedges the variability of interest payments on variable rate debt with similar terms
 it qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. As of December 31
 2014
 unrealized net losses of $503
000 were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a result of this hedge. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reclassified into Interest expense in the same period during which we record Interest expense associated with the Term Loan. There was no hedge ineffectiveness during 2014
December 31
December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 INC.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 122
055
981


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
19
115
396
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Level 2 &#8211; other significant directly or indirectly observable inputs
 including quoted prices for similar securities
 interest rates
Level 3 &#8211; significant inputs that are generally less observable than objective sources
Fair Value at December 31
Fair Value at December 31
2
2
We did not have any financial liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31
 The fair value of our interest rate swap was based on quarterly statements from the issuing bank. There were no changes to our valuation techniques during 2014
We believe the carrying amounts of Cash
 Accounts receivable
 Other current assets
 Accounts payable
 Accrued salaries
December 31
1
1
rate debt using a discounted cash flow methodology. Using estimated current interest rates based on a similar risk profile and duration (Level 2)
 the fixed cash flows are discounted and summed to compute the fair value of the debt.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 214
609
$ 192
433
$ 182
018


        
14
587
13
253
12
731


        
200
022
179
180
169
287


        
141
312
128
919
119
261


        
58
710
50
261
50
026


Selling
 general and administrative expenses
53
000
46
461
44
890


        
5
710
3
800
5
136


        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        


        
5
099
3
263
4
477


        
2
022
1
304
1
951


        
$ 3
077
$ 1
959
$ 2
526


        
        
        
        


        
19
038
18
923
18
862


        
19
126
19
042
18
934




        
          

        
          
            

 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
4
4
2
3
8
5
1
1
Pub food
18
16
639




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In January 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2015-1
 &#8220;Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.&#8221; This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. ASU 2015-1 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-1 to have a material effect on our financial position
In November 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-17
 &#8220;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Pushdown Accounting.&#8221; This ASU provides an acquired entity with an option to apply pushdown accounting in its separate financial statements upon occurrence of an event in which an acquirer obtains control of the acquired entity. An acquired entity may elect the option to apply pushdown accounting in the reporting period in which the change-in-control event occurs. If pushdown accounting is applied to an individual change-in-control event
 that election is irrevocable. ASU 2014-17 was effective on November 18
 2014. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-17 to have a material effect on our financial position
In November 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-16
 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815).&#8221; ASU 2014-16 addresses whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share should be accounted for as debt or equity. ASU 2014-16 is effective for annual periods and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015. We do not currently have issued
 nor are we investors in
 hybrid financial instruments. Accordingly
 we do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-16 to have any effect on our financial position
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). ASU 2014-15 provides guidance related to management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosure. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and for interim and annual periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material effect on our financial position
In June 2014
No. 2014-12
.&#8221; This ASU requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. ASU 2014-12 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-12 to have a material effect on our financial position
In May 2014

 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&#8221; ASU 2014-09 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.

 2016
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
 Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360) and Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ASU 2014-08 amends the definition for what types of asset disposals are to be considered discontinued operations
 as well as amending the required disclosures for discontinued operations and assets held for sale. ASU 2014-08 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-08 to have a material effect on our financial position
In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
 &#8220;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&#8221; ASU 2013-11 amends the guidance related to the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits and allows for the reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforward whenever the NOL or tax credit carryforward would be available to reduce the additional taxable income or tax due if the tax position is disallowed. ASU 2013-11 is effective for annual and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013. The adoption of ASU 2013-11 in January 2014 did not have any effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We sponsor a defined contribution 401(k) plan for all employees 18 years or older. Employee contributions may be made on a before-tax basis
 limited by IRS regulations. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we matched 50% of the employee&#8217;s contributions up to 6% of eligible compensation. Eligibility for the matching contribution in all years began after the participant had worked a minimum of three months. Our matching contributions to the plan vest ratably over five years of service by the employee. During 2014
 we used approximately $165
000 of previously forfeited matching contributions to fund current matching contributions
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Net sales
173
26
200
55
3
58
154
24
179
47
3
50
145
23
169
46
3
50
The segments use many of the same assets. For internal reporting purposes
 we do not allocate assets by segment and
 therefore
In preparing this financial information
 certain expenses were allocated between the segments based on management estimates
 while others were based on specific factors such as headcount. These factors can have a significant impact on the amount of gross profit for each segment. While we believe we have applied a reasonable methodology
Year Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Goodwill totaled $12.9 million at both December 31
 2014 and 2013 and there were no changes to the goodwill balance during 2014
December 31
14
14
2
2
1
1
16
16
1
17
17
Year Ended December 31
1
355




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
2
2
1
4
3
403




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements

        

      






Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements [Abstract]
        


Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements
Property
Property
December 31
101
93
55
55
7
7
Furniture
12
9
7
6
4
2
188
175
(77
(70
110
104
193




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
Term loan
 due September 30
10
10
Line of credit
 due October 31
3
Promissory notes payable to related parties
 all due July 1
Note with affiliated party
 due November 15
14
11
(1
13
11
Required principal payments on outstanding debt obligations as of December 31
3
8
10
3
10
3
We have a loan agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with Bank of America
 N.A.
 which presently comprises a $22.0 million revolving line of credit (&#8220;Line of Credit&#8221;)
 including provisions for cash borrowings and up to $2.5 million notional amount of letters of credit
 and a $10.4 million term loan (&#8220;Term Loan&#8221;). We may draw upon the Line of Credit for working capital and general corporate purposes until expiration on October 31
 2018. The maturity date of the Term Loan is September 30
 2023. At December 31
 2014
Under the Loan Agreement
 interest accrues at an annual rate based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&#8220;LIBOR&#8221;) Daily Floating Rate plus a marginal rate. The marginal rate varies from 1.00% to 2.25% based on our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2014
 our marginal rate was 1.00%
In connection with an amendment to the Loan Agreement on November 15
 2013
 we paid down the Term Loan by $0.6 million in order to bring the outstanding principal balance to $10.8 million to achieve an 80% loan to value ratio on certain property securing the Loan Agreement. Accrued interest for the Term Loan is due and payable monthly. Principal payments are due monthly in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement
 with any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest due and payable on September 30
The November 15
 2013 amendment also provided for the approval of acquisitions within the same line of business as long as we remain in compliance with the financial covenants of the Loan Agreement and there is at least $5.0 million of availability remaining on the Line of Credit following the acquisition. In addition
 the amendment released our Woodinville
 Washington property as collateral and
 accordingly
Under the Loan Agreement
 a quarterly fee on the unused portion of the Line of Credit
 including the undrawn amount of the related standby letter of credit
 varies from 0.15% to 0.30% based upon our funded debt ratio. At December 31
 2014
Year Ended December 31
An annual fee is payable in advance on the notional amount of each standby letter of credit issued and outstanding multiplied by an applicable rate ranging from 1.00% to 2.00%. We had no letters of credit outstanding during 2014
We were in compliance with all applicable contractual financial covenants of the Loan Agreement at December 31
The Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of our personal property and by our Oregon brewery (&#8220;Collateral&#8221;). In addition
 we are restricted in our ability to declare or pay dividends
 repurchase outstanding common stock
We assumed an obligation for promissory notes signed in connection with the acquisition of commercial real estate related to our Portland
 Oregon brewery. These notes were separately executed with three individuals
 but with substantially the same terms and conditions. Each promissory note is secured by a deed of trust on the commercial real estate. The outstanding note balance to each lender as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $200
000
 with each note bearing a fixed interest rate of 24% per annum through June 30
 2010
 after which time the rate increased to 26.9% per annum as a result of a one-time adjustment reflecting the change in the consumer price index from the date of issue
 July 1
 2005
 to July 1
 2010. The promissory notes are carried at the total of stated value plus a premium reflecting the difference between our incremental borrowing rate and the stated note rate. The effective interest rate for each note is 6.31%. Each note matures on the earlier of the individual lender&#8217;s death or July 1
 2015
In connection with the acquisition of Kona Brewing Company (&#8220;KBC&#8221;)
 we assumed an obligation for a promissory note payable (&#8220;Related Party Note&#8221;) to a counterparty that was a significant KBC shareholder and remains a shareholder of Craft Brew Alliance
 Inc. The Related Party Note was secured by the equipment comprising a photovoltaic cell generation system (&#8220;photovoltaic system&#8221;) installed at our brewery located in Kailua-Kona
 Hawaii. Accrued interest on the Related Party Note was due and payable monthly at a fixed interest rate of 4.75%
 with monthly loan payments of $16
129. Any unpaid principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under the Related Party Note was due and payable on November 15
 2014. As of December 31
 2014
 no amounts remained due pursuant to the Related Party Note.




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Fair Value at December 31
Fair Value at December 31
2
2
650


        
December 31
1
1
513




        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).  Where the quoted price in an active market for the identical liability is not available
 the Level 1 input is the quoted price of an identical liability when traded as an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Net sales
 gross profit and gross margin by segment [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
$ 200
022
$ 179
180
$ 169
287


        
58
710
50
261
50
026


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Sales and receivables from Anheuser-Busch
 LLC [Abstract]
        
        
        


Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (in hundredths)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Sales and receivables from Anheuser-Busch
 LLC [Abstract]
        
        
        


Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (in hundredths)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Net sales
 gross profit and gross margin by segment [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
173
687
154
830
145
670


        
55
174
47
055
46
341


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Net sales
 gross profit and gross margin by segment [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
26
335
24
350
23
617


        
$ 3
536
$ 3
206
$ 3
685


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 divided by the total sales revenue
 expressed as percentage.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
19
18
18
19
19
18
934




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We maintain cash balances with financial institutions that may exceed federally insured limits. We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2014
 there were no cash equivalents. Cash equivalents totaled $2.7 million at December 31
Under our cash management system
 we utilize a controlled disbursement account to fund cash distribution checks presented for payment by the holder. Checks issued but not yet presented to banks may result in overdraft balances for accounting purposes. As of December 31
 2014
 there were no bank overdrafts. As of December 31
 2013
 bank overdrafts totaling $0.7 million were included in Accounts payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in book overdrafts from period to period are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows as a component of operating activities within Accounts payable and Other accrued expenses.


        
Accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables due from wholesalers and A-B for beer and promotional product sales. Because of state liquor laws and each wholesaler&#8217;s agreement with A-B
 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31
Activity related to our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial in 2014
 2013 and 2012.


        
Inventories
 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&#8217;s carrying value
 we reduce the product to a new cost basis. We record the cost of inventory for which we estimate we have more than a twelve-month supply as a component of Intangible and other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets


Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements
Property
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
Depreciation and amortization of property
Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment


        
We evaluate potential impairment of long-lived assets when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2014
 2013 or 2012.


        
Goodwill is not amortized but rather is reviewed for impairment at least annually
 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit&#8217;s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 we then perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. Under the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 and
 if an indication of goodwill impairment exists in the reporting unit
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. Under step two
 an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill as determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value
 step two does not need to be performed. We conduct our annual impairment test as of December 31 of each year and have determined there to be no impairment for any of the periods presented.


        
Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired
 by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value measured by using discounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. We have determined there to be no impairment for any of the periods presented.


        
We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us and are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A&#8209;B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. Our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $8.0 million at December 31
 2014 and 2013 in refundable deposits on kegs and $10.1 million and $6.5 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation.


        
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of Accounts receivable. While wholesalers and A-B account for substantially all Accounts receivable
 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers
 their geographic dispersion and state laws regulating the financial affairs of wholesalers of alcoholic beverages.


        
        


        
We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
 when the products are delivered to the member. A member of the A-B wholesale distributor network may be a branch of A&#8209;B or an independent wholesale distributor.


        
The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes.


        
We account for tax assessed by a governmental authority that is directly imposed on a revenue-producing transaction (i.e.
 sales
 use
 value added) on a net (excluded from revenue) basis.


        
        


        
Advertising costs
 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $15.0 million
 $12.4 million and $12.4 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
Advertising expenses frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Pricing discounts to wholesalers are recorded as a reduction of Sales in our Consolidated Statements of Income.


        
The estimated fair value of stock-based awards is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the award
The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence
 no compensation expense will be recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense would be reversed.


        
We are a party to legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. We accrue for certain legal costs
 including attorney fees
 and potential settlement claims related to various legal proceedings that are estimable and probable. If not estimable and probable
 legal costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Selling
 general and administrative expenses.


        
Deferred income taxes are established for the difference between the financial reporting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
We recognize the benefits of tax return positions when it is determined that the positions are &#8220;more-likely-than-not&#8221; to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 we did not have any unrecognized tax benefits or any interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits.


        
Our chief operating decision maker monitors Net sales and gross margins of our Beer Related operations and our Pubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing operations and related domestic and international beer and cider sales of our Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and Omission beer brands and Square Mile cider brand. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs
 some of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations. We do not track operating results beyond the gross margin level or our assets on a segment level.


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 those intangible assets not subject to amortization). This accounting policy also may address how the entity assesses whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life and how the entity assesses and measures impairment of such assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or to obtain assets
 including monetary damages
 or to obtain rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
(503
000)
        
        


        
        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2023
        
        


        
7
800
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
(503
000)
219
000
353
000


        
$ 205
000
$ 188
000
$ 387
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Transactions with Anheuser-Busch
 LLC (A-B)
December 31
7
8
(2
(2
(1
(1
3
3
877




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 3
077
$ 1
959
$ 2
526


Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative hedge transactions
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
$ 2
765
$ 2
094
$ 2
747




        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We maintain cash balances with financial institutions that may exceed federally insured limits. We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2014
 there were no cash equivalents. Cash equivalents totaled $2.7 million at December 31
Under our cash management system
 we utilize a controlled disbursement account to fund cash distribution checks presented for payment by the holder. Checks issued but not yet presented to banks may result in overdraft balances for accounting purposes. As of December 31
 2014
 there were no bank overdrafts. As of December 31
 2013
Accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables due from wholesalers and A-B for beer and promotional product sales. Because of state liquor laws and each wholesaler&#8217;s agreement with A-B
 we do not have collectability issues related to the sale of our beer products. Accordingly
 we do not regularly provide an allowance for doubtful accounts for beer sales. We have provided an allowance for promotional merchandise receivables that have been invoiced to the wholesaler
 which reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts. We determine the allowance based on historical customer experience and other currently available evidence. When a specific account is deemed uncollectible
 the account is written off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $25
000 at both December 31
Activity related to our allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial in 2014
Inventories
 except for pub food
 beverages and supplies
 are stated at the lower of standard cost or market. Pub food
We regularly review our inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below the product&#8217;s carrying value
Property
Property
 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
Depreciation and amortization of property
Furniture
We evaluate potential impairment of long-lived assets when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may be impaired. An evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to projected future undiscounted cash flows. Upon indication that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable
 we recognize an impairment loss in the current period in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We did not identify indicators of impairment during 2014
Goodwill is not amortized but rather is reviewed for impairment at least annually
 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit&#8217;s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 we then perform a two-step goodwill impairment test. Under the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 and
 if an indication of goodwill impairment exists in the reporting unit
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of any impairment loss. Under step two
 an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill as determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. The residual fair value after this allocation is the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value
Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain name and recipes. We evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets annually
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired
We distribute our draft beer in kegs that are owned by us and are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg. When draft beer is shipped to the wholesaler
 we collect a refundable deposit
 presented as a current liability &#8211; Refundable deposits in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon return of the keg to us
We have experienced some loss of kegs and anticipate that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. In order to estimate forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs
 we periodically use internal records
 records maintained by A&#8209;B
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs held by wholesalers and A-B. These estimates affect the amount recorded as equipment and refundable deposits as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits may differ from estimates. Our Consolidated Balance Sheets included $8.0 million at December 31
 2014 and 2013 in refundable deposits on kegs and $10.1 million and $6.5 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of Accounts receivable. While wholesalers and A-B account for substantially all Accounts receivable
 this concentration risk is limited due to the number of wholesalers
We recognize revenue from product sales
 net of excise taxes
 discounts and certain fees we must pay in connection with sales to a member of the A-B wholesale distributor network
The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000 barrels. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. As presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
 Sales reflects the amounts invoiced to A-B
 wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from our customers
 but rather are our responsibility. Net sales
 as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income
We account for tax assessed by a governmental authority that is directly imposed on a revenue-producing transaction (i.e.
 sales
 use
Advertising costs
 consisting of television
 radio
 print
 outdoor advertising
 on-line and social media
 sponsorships
 trade events
 promotions and printed product information
 as well as costs to produce these media
 are expensed as incurred. The costs associated with point of sale display items and related promotional merchandise are inventoried and charged to expense when first used. For the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we recognized costs for all of these activities totaling $15.0 million
 $12.4 million and $12.4 million
 respectively
 which are reflected as Selling
Advertising expenses frequently involve the local wholesaler sharing in the cost of the program. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to Selling
The estimated fair value of stock-based awards is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the award
The estimated fair value of performance-based stock awards is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the probability that performance goals will be met. We re-measure the probability of achieving the performance goals during each reporting period. In future reporting periods
 if we determine that performance goals are not probable of occurrence
We are a party to legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. We accrue for certain legal costs
 including attorney fees
 and potential settlement claims related to various legal proceedings that are estimable and probable. If not estimable and probable
 legal costs are expensed as incurred as a component of Selling
Deferred income taxes are established for the difference between the financial reporting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
We recognize the benefits of tax return positions when it is determined that the positions are &#8220;more-likely-than-not&#8221; to be sustained by the taxing authority. Interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as tax expense in the period incurred. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
Our chief operating decision maker monitors Net sales and gross margins of our Beer Related operations and our Pubs operations. Beer Related operations include the brewing operations and related domestic and international beer and cider sales of our Kona
 Widmer Brothers
 Redhook and Omission beer brands and Square Mile cider brand. Pubs operations primarily include our pubs
 some of which are located adjacent to our Beer Related operations. We do not track operating results beyond the gross margin level or our assets on a segment level.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements
Depreciation and amortization of property
Furniture
 fixtures and other equipment


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
1
1
1
1
2
1
1
951


        
Year Ended December 31
1
1
1
State taxes
Permanent differences
2
1
1
951


        
December 31
1
1
2
2
Property
(13
(12
(6
(6
(19
(18
(16
(16
374


        
As of December 31
 2014
State NOLs
 tax effected




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as tax authority
 amounts
 and expiration dates
 of net operating loss carryforwards
 including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We maintain several stock incentive plans under which stock-based awards are
 or have been
 granted to employees and non-employee directors. We issue new shares of common stock upon exercise or settlement of the stock-based awards. All of our stock plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 which determines the grantees
 the number of shares of common stock for which awards may be exercised or settled and the exercise or grant prices of such shares
With the approval of the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2014 Plan&#8221;) in May 2014
 no further grants of stock-based awards may be made under our 2002 Stock Option Plan (the &#8220;2002 Plan&#8221;)
 our 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2007 Plan&#8221;) or our 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2010 Plan&#8221;). However
 the provisions of these plans will remain in effect until all outstanding awards are exercised
 settled or terminated. Shares subject to terminated awards under the 2002 Plan
The 2014 Plan provides for grants of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance awards and stock appreciation rights
 as well as other stock-based awards. While incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
 awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees
 non-employee directors and outside consultants. Options granted to our employees have generally been subject to a five-year vesting period. Vested options generally remain exercisable until ten years following the date of grant. The exercise price of stock options must be at least equal to the fair market value per share of our common stock on the date of grant. A maximum of 1
000
000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan. As of December 31
 2014
 there were 988
Terms of awards granted pursuant to the 2002 Plan
Certain information regarding our stock-based compensation was as follows (in thousands
Year Ended December 31
1
Year Ended December 31
Selling
We amortize stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the individual awards
 which is the requisite service period
At December 31
 2014
 we had total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of $1.7 million
Year Ended December 31
Stock option activity for the year ended December 31
Outstanding at December 31
298
141
(104
(31
Outstanding at December 31
305
Certain information regarding options outstanding as of December 31
305
53
1
248
288
During the second quarter of each of 2014
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 we granted performance-based common stock awards to selected executives under the 2010 Plan
 with vesting contingent upon meeting various company-wide performance goals. The performance goals were tied to target amounts of adjusted EBITDA and Net sales for each of the three-year periods ending December 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively; for the awards in 2014
 the measurement period is the 11 quarters ending December 31
 2016. The awards earned on the 2014
 2013 and 2012 grants will range from zero to 125% of the targeted number of performance shares for the performance periods ending March 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. For the 2011 grant
 50% of the targeted number of performance shares were earned for the performance period ended March 31
 2014. Awards
 if earned
77
50
42
57
227
(28
(28
(12
(16
(29
(28
(28
(22
(22
Expected to vest as of December 31
64
33
19
117
On the date of our Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 each non-employee director received an annual grant of fully-vested shares of our common stock with a fair value of $30
000 in 2014 and $25
000 in each of 2013 and 2012. The 2014 amount included 2
804 fully-vested shares of common stock granted to each of our seven non-employee directors for a total of 19
628 shares.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













