

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562151-21-000031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210413
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001562151
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				133607383
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54866
		FILM NUMBER:		21823449
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5901 SILVERADO TRAIL
		CITY:			NAPA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94558
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-486-0503
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5901 SILVERADO TRAIL
		CITY:			NAPA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94558
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Crimson WIne Group
 Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121114









g:0de4d267-2671-468f-a67d-c671a05af986

WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549
CRIMSON WINE GROUP
 LTD.
(Address
 Including Zip Code
 and Telephone Number
 Including Area Code
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
If an emerging growth company
Based upon the closing sales price of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock as published by the OTC Market Service as of June 30
 2020

389
As of April&#160;9
 2021

243

CRIMSON WINE GROUP
Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Unless the context indicates otherwise
 the terms the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;Crimson
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; or &#8220;us&#8221; as used herein refer to Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and its subsidiaries.&#160;Crimson has been conducting business since 1991.&#160;Prior to February 25
 2013
 Crimson was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (formerly known as Leucadia National Corporation) (&#8220;Jefferies&#8221;). On February 1
 2013
 Jefferies declared a pro rata dividend of all of the outstanding shares of Crimson&#8217;s common stock in a manner that was structured to qualify as a tax-free spin-off for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the &#8220;Distribution&#8221;). Jefferies&#8217; common shareholders received one share of Crimson common stock for every ten common shares of Jefferies
 with cash in lieu of fractional shares
 on February 25
Crimson is in the business of producing and selling luxury wines (i.e.
 wines that retail for over $16&#160;per 750ml bottle).&#160;Crimson is headquartered in Napa
 California and through its wholly-owned subsidiaries owns seven primary wine estates and brands: Pine Ridge Vineyards
 Archery Summit
 Chamisal Vineyards
 Seghesio Family Vineyards
 Double Canyon
Vision
To be uncompromising cultivators of the most interesting wine experiences. Using our four strategic pillars outlined below
. We produce wines of the highest quality and increase margins through investing in long-term strategic vineyards and wineries. We own exceptional vineyards in premier winegrowing regions across California
 Oregon and Washington. We farm our vineyards in a thoughtful
 sustainable way with the goal of producing the highest quality grapes and wines possible. As part of executing this strategy
 as of December&#160;31
 2020
. We invest in our core brands with compelling brand propositions and stories. We create outstanding consumer experiences
 both in person and online
 with a clear route to the consumer for each of our wines. We currently own seven complementary estate-based winegrowing operations and brands
. We leverage our portfolio model and investments in technology to reduce costs
 synergize sales and marketing
 increase negotiating clout
 and optimize partner networks. We commit to continuous improvement and a disciplined approach to spending. The direct to consumer business
 which continued to grow in 2020
 generates higher gross margins and we intend to continue emphasizing opportunities in this distribution channel in order to further our growth. In particular
 the Company is placing increased emphasis on digital and Ecommerce opportunities within direct to consumer. Our wholesale distribution channel continues to drive volume sales to a wide customer market. Our wines are available in all states domestically through our network of nearly 50 distributors
In 2020
 the Company made considerable progress in organizational efficiencies within our sales
 marketing
 and Direct To Consumer organizational structure. We also transitioned our information technology services and export fulfillment to outsourced support models. We consolidated and realigned our distributor network for the Wholesale channel to further enhance the focus of our teams and partners. In addition
 we relocated our administrative offices from the leased location at 2700 Napa Valley Corporate Drive
 Suite B
 Napa
 California 94558 to our wholly-owned winery
 Pine Ridge Vineyards
 located at 5901 Silverado Trail
 Napa
As part of strategic initiatives targeted at supply chain management and quality improvement
 total planted acres decreased from 763 as of December 31
 2019 to 593 as of December 31
 2020. The sale of the Double Canyon vineyard in Klickitat County
 Washington
 as discussed below
The following table summarizes the Company&#8217;s acreage as of December&#160;31
Pine Ridge Vineyards was acquired in 1991 and has been conducting operations since 1978. Pine Ridge Vineyards owns acreage in five Napa Valley appellations-Stags Leap District
 Rutherford
 Oakville
 Carneros and Howell Mountain. The winery at Pine Ridge Vineyards has a permitted annual wine production capacity of up to 285
000 gallons
 which equates to approximately 120
000 cases of wine; however
 current fermentation and processing capacity is limited to approximately 74
000 cases without additional capital investment.&#160;The facility includes areas and equipment for crush
 fermentation
 aging and bottling processes
 and also has a tasting room
 hospitality center and administrative offices.&#160;Built into the hillside for wine barrel storage are approximately 34
000 square feet of underground caves with a capacity to store up to 5
000 barrels. &#160;In addition
The Pine Ridge Vineyards estate business is focused primarily on the production of high quality Cabernet Sauvignon and Bordeaux-style blends sold by Crimson under the Pine Ridge Vineyards brand name. Pine Ridge Vineyards also produces Chenin Blanc + Viognier
 which is sold by Crimson under the Pine Ridge brand name and is made from purchased grapes and bulk wine juice processed at a third party custom winemaking facility with a contracted capacity of up to approximately&#160;110
Archery Summit was created by Crimson in 1993. Archery Summit owns acreage in the Dundee Hills American Viticultural Area (&#8220;AVA&#8221;) of Willamette Valley in Oregon. The winery at Archery Summit
 situated on an estate vineyard known as Summit Vineyard
 has a permitted annual wine production capacity of up to 50
000 gallons
 which equates to approximately 21
000 cases of wine; however
 current fermentation and processing capacity is limited to approximately 18
000 cases. The facility includes areas and equipment for crush
 fermentation
 wine aging and storage
 in addition to a tasting room
 hospitality center and administrative offices. The facility has approximately 8
Archery Summit is focused primarily on producing estate grown
 expressive single vineyard Pinot Noir and Chardonnay sold by Crimson under the Archery Summit brand name. Archery Summit also produces Vireton Pinot Gris
Chamisal Vineyards was acquired in 2008 and has been conducting operations since 1973. The Chamisal Vineyard was the first vineyard planted in the Edna Valley in 1973. The winery at Chamisal has a permitted annual wine production capacity of up to 480
000 gallons which equates to approximately 200
000 cases of wine; however
 current fermentation and processing capacity is approximately 68
000 cases. The facility includes areas and equipment for crush
 fermentation
 aging and bottling processes
 as well as a tasting room
Chamisal is focused on producing benchmark Chardonnay and single vineyard Pinot Noir all produced from top vineyards in the Central Coast
eghesio Family Vineyards was acquired in 2011 and has been conducting operations since 1895. Seghesio Family Vineyards owns acreage in two Sonoma County appellations-Alexander Valley and Russian River Valley. Seghesio Family Vineyards has a long history of growing and producing Zinfandel and Italian varietal wines in the Sonoma region of California. The winery at Seghesio Family Vineyards has a permitted annual wine production capacity of up to 595
000 gallons
 which equates to approximately 250
000 cases of wine; however
 current fermentation and processing capacity is approximately 165
000 cases. The facility includes areas and equipment for crush
 fermentation
 aging
 bottling and warehousing
 in addition to a tasting room
Seghesio Family Vineyards is focused on producing estate grown
Double Canyon vineyard land was acquired in 2005 in the Horse Heaven Hills appellation in Washington. Starting with the 2010 vintage
In 2017 Double Canyon completed construction of a state-of-the-art 47
000-square-foot wine production facility in West Richland
 Washington. The winery facility has an annual permitted wine production capacity of up to 595
000 gallons
 which equates to approximately 250
000 cases of wine; however
 current fermentation and processing capacity is approximately 57
Double Canyon is focused on producing Cabernet Sauvignon from Washington State&#8217;s best appellations. Double Canyon launched the Horse Heaven Hills Cabernet Sauvignon nationally in 2016
 expanded into more markets and channels across the U.S. in 2017 and continued to increase distribution in 2018. As part of our strategic initiatives targeted at supply chain management
 Crimson completed its exit of the Double Canyon farming operations in January 2020 with the sale of its remaining 181 acres of land
 93 acres of which were planted with grapes. As a result
Seven Hills Winery was established in 1988 and acquired by Crimson in January 2016.&#160; The winery facility has an annual permitted wine production capacity of up to 48
000 gallons
 which equates to approximately 20
000 cases of wine; however
 current fermentation and processing capacity is approximately 11
000 cases. The winery and tasting room are located in downtown Walla Walla in the historic Whitehouse-Crawford building. The 15
463 square-foot facility includes areas and equipment for crush
 fermentation
 aging
 bottling processes
In December 2016 the Company also acquired land in the Walla Walla Valley for use by Seven Hills Winery. This land purchase encompassed approximately 108 acres of vineyards and apple orchards. Included in the 108 acres are 21 acres of some of the oldest and highest quality Bordeaux varietal plantings in the Walla Walla Valley.  This historic site
 considered the original Seven Hills Winery estate acres
 was planted by the Seven Hills Winery founder and his father.  In addition
 within the 108 acres are 14 acres in The Rocks District of Milton-Freewater
 which is known for world class Rhone style wines. During 2017 and 2018
 Seven Hills Winery replanted certain acres of the apple orchards into vineyards and removed the remaining orchards for either replanting to grapes or to sell off the land. In 2018
Malene Wines was created by Crimson in 2016 with the goal of creating America&#8217;s reference point premium Ros&#233; with a sole focus on premium Ros&#233; produced in the U.S. Malene Wines sources fruit from specific sites throughout the Central Coast intentionally farmed for world class Ros&#233; winemaking.  In 2017
 utilizing fallow ground Crimson owns in the Edna Valley
Malene Wines are sold by Crimson under its own brand name and are made from purchased grapes processed at Crimson sister estate Chamisal Vineyards&#8217; winemaking facility. In  2018
 the Malene brand expanded to include new wines which are featured through use of two Airstream travel trailers purchased to help promote the brand throughout the country. In addition
 in 2018
The markets for luxury products in the wine industry are intensely competitive. Crimson&#8217;s wines compete domestically and internationally with premium or higher quality wines produced in Europe
 South America
 South Africa
 Australia and New Zealand
 as well as in the United States. Crimson competes on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution capability
 and the ultimate consumer has many choices of products from both domestic and international producers. As a result of the intense competition and how uncertain tariffs have been
 and may continue to be
 there is upward pressure on Crimson&#8217;s selling and promotional expenses. Many of Crimson&#8217;s competitors are significantly larger with greater financial
 production
 distribution and marketing resources. Measured in wine volume
 the U.S. is dominated by three large wine companies with production largely based in California
 representing approximately 50% of the domestic U.S. case sales volume. Further
Demand for luxury wines can rise and fall with general economic conditions. In 2020
 the wine industry saw a continued shift in consumer purchasing behaviors towards Ecommerce channels
 which was further accelerated due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Restaurants
 bars
 and other hospitality locations were impacted by shutdowns and operating restrictions related to state and local orders
Wine production is also significantly affected by grape and bulk wine supply. 2020 was a historic wildfire season across California
 Oregon
 and Washington
Crimson&#8217;s wines are typically sold at retail price points from $16 to $250 per bottle; however
 in the wholesale channel
 which represented 85% and 87%&#160;of Crimson&#8217;s case volume in the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
Crimson reports operating results in two segments: Wholesale and Direct to Consumer. These business segments reflect how the Company&#8217;s operations are evaluated by senior management and the structure of its internal financial reporting. Both financial and certain non-financial data are reported and evaluated to assist senior management with strategic planning. The Company evaluates performance based on the gross profit of the respective business segments. Selling expenses that can be directly attributable to the segment are included; however
 centralized selling expenses and general and administrative expenses are not allocated between operating segments. Therefore
 net income information for the respective segments is not available. Based on the nature of the Company&#8217;s business
 revenue generating assets are utilized across segments. Therefore
 discrete financial information related to segment assets and other balance sheet data is not available and that information continues to be aggregated. Further information about segments
 including net sales
 cost of sales
 gross profit
 directly attributable selling expenses
 and contribution margin of the segments for the years ended December&#160;31
Crimson focuses on brand development and distribution to increase revenues and profitability
Crimson&#8217;s sales and marketing team coordinates the sales and distribution of its various brands
 maintains domestic and export distributor relationships and oversees the timing and allocation of new releases. The sales team has employees in major markets in the U.S. and
 where required
 has brokers in certain domestic and international markets. Crimson&#8217;s wines are available through many principal retail channels for premium table wines
 including fine wine restaurants
 hotels
 specialty shops
 supermarkets and club stores
 in all states domestically
Crimson believes that the quality and locations of its wineries and tasting facilities help to create demand for its brands at the consumer level
 which positively impacts sales to distributors as well. Crimson participates in many wine tasting and other promotional events throughout the country in order to increase awareness and demand for its products. Many of Crimson&#8217;s brands are issued ratings or scores by local and national wine rating organizations
Crimson&#8217;s wines are primarily sold to distributors
 who then sell to retailers and restaurants. Domestic sales of Crimson&#8217;s wines are made through nearly 50 independent wine and spirits distributors. International sales are made through independent importers and brokers. During 2020
 domestic distributor sales represented 49% of net sales and export sales represented 4% of net sales.&#160;During 2020
 three distributors represented&#160;approximately 15%
 13%
As permitted under federal and local regulations
 Crimson has been placing increasing emphasis on direct sales to consumers
 which it is able to do through Ecommerce
 wine clubs
 and at the wineries&#8217; tasting rooms. In particular
 Crimson has been placing increased emphasis on digital and Ecommerce opportunities. During 2020
 direct sales to consumers represented 41% of net sales. Approximately 60% of the direct to consumer net sales were through wine clubs
 24% from Ecommerce and 16% were through the wineries&#8217; tasting rooms
 special events and other sales. Members typically join our wine clubs after visiting our tasting rooms at our various facilities
 signing up directly through our website
 or after hearing about our wine clubs from other members. While traffic to tasting rooms declined significantly in 2020 related to the COVID-19 pandemic
 our tasting rooms are located in popular tourist destinations that typically attract consumers interested in winemaking and travel. Direct sales to consumers are more profitable for Crimson as it is able to sell its products at a price closer to retail prices rather than the wholesale price received from distributors; however
 for certain direct sales offers
Crimson controls approximately 759 acres of vineyards in the Napa Valley
 Sonoma County and Edna Valley in California
 the Willamette Valley and The Rocks District in Oregon
 and the Walla Walla Valley across Washington and Oregon. Approximately 593 acres of these vineyards are planted. Crimson expects to continue vineyard development plans for non-producing acreage in California
 Oregon and Washington properties. Newly planted vines take approximately three to five years to reach maturity and vineyards can be expected to have a useful life of at least 25 years before replanting is necessary. Depending on the site
 soil and water conditions and spacing
 Crimson&#8217;s experience has been that it costs approximately $31
000 to $130
000 per acre over a three year period to develop open land into a vineyard capable of producing premium wine grapes
 before taking into account the cost of the land. During 2020
 the average cost per acre placed into service was approximately $66
In 2020
 approximately 30% of Crimson&#8217;s total grape supply came from Crimson controlled vineyards. Crimson purchased the balance of its supply from approximately 43 independent growers. The grower contracts range from one-year spot market purchases to intermediate and long term-agreements. During 2020
 three growers represented 10%
 11%
Winemaking and grape growing are subject to a variety of agricultural risks. Various diseases
 pests
1
2
1
2
3
3
4
6
357
313
The reduction in estate grapes harvested was driven by efforts to re-align supply to demand
 including the sale of 181 acres in Klickitat County
 Washington
Year Ended December 31
1
181
180
81
159
Total cases shipped were approximately 343
000 and 340
000 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Cases shipped are disclosed for informational purposes
 but do not necessarily correspond to the vintage year the grapes are grown and crushed. Depending on the wine
Crimson&#8217;s winemaking philosophy includes the use of the latest industry winemaking advances to complement making wine in the traditional manner by starting with high quality fruit and handling it as gently and naturally as possible all the way to the bottle. Each of Crimson&#8217;s wineries is equipped with modern crush
Wine production and sales are subject to extensive regulation by the United States Department of Treasury Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#8220;TTB&#8221;)
 state departments regulating alcohol production and sale in California
 Oregon and Washington and other state and federal governmental authorities that regulate interstate sales
 licensing
 trade and pricing practices
 labeling
 advertising and other activities. In addition
 federal and state authorities require warning labels on beverages for sale or distribution in the United States containing 0.5% of alcohol by volume or higher. Restrictions or taxes imposed by government authorities on the sale of wine could increase the retail price of wine
 which could have an adverse effect on demand for wine in general. New or revised regulations or increased licensing fees or excise taxes on wine
 if enacted
 could reduce demand for wine and have an adverse effect on Crimson&#8217;s business
On January 1
 2018
 the 2017 Craft Beverage Modernization Act (CBMA) became effective as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Public Law 115-97) and made extensive changes to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (IRC)
 including provisions related to alcohol that were administered by TTB favorably impacting the federal alcohol tax rate.&#160; The federal alcohol tax rate changed effective January 1
 2018 through December 31
 2019. On December 20
 2019
 the CBMA was extended through December 31
 2020
 maintaining the reduced federal alcohol tax rates in place at the time. On December 27
 2020
 the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Act of 2020 was passed
The tax law also allows for certain volume production credits that the Company took which further decreases the Company&#8217;s excise tax liability.&#160; The tax credit allows for a credit of $1.00 per gallon on the first 30
000 gallons
 $.90 per gallon on 30
001 up to 130
000 gallons and $.535 per gallon on 130
001 up to 750
Crimson is also subject to a broad range of federal and state regulatory requirements regarding its agricultural operations and practices. Crimson&#8217;s agricultural operations are subject to regulations governing the storage and use of fertilizers
 fungicides
 herbicides
 pesticides
 fuels
 solvents and other chemicals. These regulations are subject to change and could have a significant impact on operating practices
 chemical usage
 and other aspects of Crimson&#8217;s business. The Company is strongly focused on environmental stewardship and maintains a variety of policies and processes designed to protect the environment
 the public and the consumers of our wine. Many of the expenses for protecting the environment are voluntary
 however we are regulated by various local
There is a degree of seasonality in the growing cycles
 procurement and transportation of grapes. The wine industry in general historically experiences seasonal fluctuations in revenues and net income. Typically
As of December&#160;31
 2020
 Crimson employed 160 regular
 full-time employees. Crimson also employs part-time and seasonal workers for its vineyard
Crimson prioritizes employee safety and welfare in order to retain and attract the best talent. Crimson offers quality benefit plans
 employee development programs
 competitive wages
Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic
 the Company&#8217;s Crisis Management Team focused on deploying resources and enacting procedures to accommodate the needs and protect the health and safety of its employees. Crimson quickly transitioned its office employees to a remote-work arrangement. Crimson provided equipment
 systems
 and resources for home connection to employees to facilitate this transition. In 2020
 Crimson provided employees working from home with a stipend to support home office needs. Crimson has continually engaged with its people to support the physical and mental health of them and their families by offering online wellness resources
 webinars
 and telehealth access. To ensure employee safety
 the Crisis Management Team issued COVID-19 operations guidelines to all employees
 specifically to those working in the areas of production
 vineyards
 tasting rooms
 support staff and the sales force. In addition
 the Crisis Management Team encouraged employees to only travel for essential needs
Crimson maintains federal trademark registrations for its brands
 proprietary products and certain logos
 motifs and vineyard names. International trademark registrations are also maintained where it is appropriate to do so. Each of the United States trademark registrations is renewable indefinitely so long as the Company is making a bona fide usage of the trademark. The Company believes that its trademarks provide it with an important competitive advantage and has established a global network of attorneys
 as well as branding
 advertising and licensing professionals
 to procure
 maintain
 protect
The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). Accordingly
 the Company files periodic reports
 proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;). Such reports
 proxy statements and other information may be obtained by visiting the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy
The Company&#8217;s website is http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com. The Company also makes available through its website
 without charge
 its annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
Statements in this Report may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations relating to our financial condition
 results of operations
 plans
 objectives
 future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to current or historical facts. These statements may include words such as &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;forecast
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;likely
Forward-looking statements give our expectations about the future and are not guarantees. These statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance and achievements to materially differ from any future results
 performance and achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. &#160;We caution you
 therefore
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any results projected
 forecasted
 estimated or budgeted that may materially and adversely affect the Company&#8217;s actual results include
 but are not limited to
These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date hereof. Except as may be required by law
Our business is subject to a number of risks. You should carefully consider the following risk factors
 together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Report
 before you decide whether to purchase our common stock. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. If any of the following risks occur
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
Business
 Economic
Our success depends to some degree upon the continued service of Jennifer L. Locke
 our Chief Executive Officer; Karen L. Diepholz
 our Chief Financial Officer; Nicolas M.E. Quill&#233;
 our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Winegrower; and our winemakers at our various facilities. The loss of the services of one or more of our key employees could harm our business and our reputation and negatively impact our profitability
Volatility and increases in the costs of grapes
 labor and other necessary supplies or services have negatively impacted
 and in the future may negatively impact
We believe cost increases are possible in the future. If such increases occur or exceed the Company&#8217;s estimates and the Company is not able to increase the prices of its products or achieve cost savings to offset such increases
 its profits and operating results will be harmed. In addition
 if the Company increases the prices of its products in response to increases in costs the Company may not be able to sustain its price increases.  Sustained price increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors may not adjust their prices or consumers may decide not to pay the higher prices
We compete with other entities for skilled management and labor
 including entities that operate in different market sectors than us. Costs to recruit and retain adequate personnel
 the loss of certain personnel
Various diseases
Various diseases
 pests
 fungi
 viruses
 drought
 floods
 frosts and certain other weather conditions could affect the quality and quantity of grapes
 decreasing the supply of our products and negatively impacting our operating results. Future government restrictions regarding the use of certain materials used in grape growing may increase vineyard costs and/or reduce production. We cannot guarantee that our grape suppliers will succeed in preventing disease in their existing vineyards or that we will succeed in preventing disease in our existing vineyards or future vineyards we may acquire. For example
 Pierce&#8217;s disease is a vine bacterial disease spread by insects which kills grapevines for which there is no known cure. If our vineyards become contaminated with this or other diseases
 operating results would decline
 The availability of adequate quantities of water for application at the correct time can be vital for grapes to thrive. Whether particular vineyards are experiencing water shortages depends
 in large part
While we believe that we can secure sufficient supplies of grapes from a combination of our own production and from grape supply contracts with independent growers
 we cannot be certain that grape supply shortages will not occur. Grape supply shortages resulting from a poor harvest can be caused by a variety of factors outside our control
 resulting in reduced product that is available for sale. If revenues decline as a result of inadequate grape supplies
The wine industry is intensely competitive and highly fragmented. Our wines compete in several wine markets within the wine industry as a whole with many other domestic and foreign wines. Our wines also compete with comparably priced generic wines and with other alcoholic and
 to a lesser degree
 non-alcoholic beverages. A result of this intense competition has been
 and may continue to be
 upward pressure on our selling and promotional expenses. Many of our competitors have greater financial
 technical
We compete for shelf space in retail stores and for marketing focus by our independent distributors
Nationwide we sell our products primarily through independent distributors and brokers for resale to retail outlets
 restaurants
 hotels and private clubs across the U.S. and in some overseas markets. Sales to distributors are expected to continue to represent a substantial portion of our net revenues in the future. A change in our relationship with any of our significant distributors could harm our business and reduce our sales. The laws and regulations of several states prohibit changes of distributors
 except under certain limited circumstances
 making it difficult to terminate a distributor for poor performance without reasonable cause
 as defined by applicable statutes.&#160;Any difficulty or inability to replace distributors
 poor performance of our major distributors or our inability to collect accounts receivable from our major distributors could harm our business.&#160;There can be no assurance that the distributors and retailers we use will continue to purchase our products or provide our products with adequate levels of promotional support. Consolidation at the retail tier
 among club and chain grocery stores in particular
We are subject to certain hazards and product liability risks
 such as potential contamination
 through tampering or otherwise
 of ingredients or products.&#160;Contamination of any of our wines could cause us to destroy our wine held in inventory and could cause the need for a product recall
 which could significantly damage our reputation for product quality. We maintain insurance against certain of these kinds of risks
 and others
 under various insurance policies. However
There have been periods in the past in which there were substantial declines in the overall per capita consumption of wine products in our markets. A limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety of factors
 including: a general decline in economic conditions; changes in consumer spending habits; increased concern about the health consequences of consuming alcoholic beverage products and about drinking and driving; a trend toward a healthier diet including lighter
 lower calorie beverages such as diet soft drinks
 juices and water products; the increased activity of anti-alcohol consumer groups; and increased federal
Many of Crimson&#8217;s brands are issued ratings or scores by local and national wine rating organizations
 and higher scores usually translate into greater demand and higher pricing. Although some of Crimson&#8217;s brands have been highly rated in the past
 and Crimson believes its farming and winemaking activities are of a quality to generate good ratings in the future
If our intangible assets or goodwill become impaired
We have substantial intangible assets and goodwill on our balance sheet as a result of acquisitions we have completed
 in particular the acquisition of Seghesio Family Vineyards. We review intangible assets and goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. Application of impairment tests requires judgment. A significant deterioration in a key estimate or assumption or a less significant deterioration to a combination of assumptions or the sale of a part of a reporting unit could result in an impairment charge in the future
We may not be fully insured against risk of catastrophic loss to wineries
 production facilities or distribution systems as a result of earthquakes
 fires or other events
A significant portion of Crimson&#8217;s controlled vineyards as well as supplier and inventory storage locations are located in California
 which is prone to seismic activity and has recently experienced wildfires and landslides. If any of these vineyards and facilities were to experience a catastrophic loss as a result
 it could disrupt our operations
 delay production
 shipments and revenue
 and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace the vineyard or facility. If such a disruption were to occur
 we could breach agreements
 our reputation could be harmed
 and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Although we carry insurance to cover property damage and business interruption as well as certain production assets in the case of a catastrophic event
 certain significant assets are not covered in the case of certain catastrophes as we believe this to be a prudent financial decision. We cannot be certain that we will be able to insure against all risks that we desire to insure economically or that all of our insurers will be financially viable if we make a claim. We take steps to minimize the damage that would be caused by a catastrophic event
 but there is no certainty that our efforts would prove successful. If one or more significant catastrophic events occurred damaging our own or third party assets and/or services
Our business and reputation could suffer if we are unable to protect our information systems against
 or effectively respond to
 cybersecurity incidents
We depend on information technology
 including public websites and cloud-based services
 for many activities important to our business
 including to interface with our customers and consumers
 to engage in digital marketing activities
 to enable and improve the effectiveness of our operations
 to order and manage materials from suppliers
 to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency
 to comply with regulatory
 financial reporting
 legal and tax requirements
 to collect and store sensitive data and confidential information and to communicate electronically with our employees and the employees of our suppliers and other third parties. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain our information technology infrastructure
 if we fail to timely identify or appropriately respond to cybersecurity incidents
 or if our information systems are damaged
 destroyed or shut down (whether as a result of natural disasters
 fires (either directly or through smoke damage)
 power outages
 acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events
 network outages
 software
 equipment or telecommunications failures
 user errors
 or from deliberate cyberattacks such as malicious or disruptive software
 denial of service attacks
 malicious social engineering
 hackers or otherwise)
 our business could be disrupted and we could
 among other things
 be subject to: transaction errors; processing inefficiencies; the loss of
 or failure to attract
 new customers and consumers; the loss of revenues from unauthorized use
 acquisition or disclosure of or access to confidential information; the loss of or damage to intellectual property or trade secrets
 including the loss or unauthorized disclosure of sensitive data
 confidential information or other assets; damage to our reputation; litigation; regulatory enforcement actions; violation of data privacy
 security or other laws and regulations; and remediation costs. Further
 our information systems and the information stored therein
 could be compromised by
experience similar adverse consequences due to
 unauthorized outside parties intent on accessing or extracting sensitive data or confidential information
 corrupting information or disrupting business processes or by inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or agents. Similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors we rely upon for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions
Changing laws
 regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure
 including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 are creating uncertainty for companies such as ours. We are committed to maintaining appropriate corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result
 we may see an increase in general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities
We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
We are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting adequate to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. In connection with the restatement of our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2018 and 2019 and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31
 2020 and 2019
 the three and six months ended June 30
 2020 and 2019 and the three and nine months ended September 30
 2020 and 2019
 we determined that we had a material weakness as of December 31
 2020
 namely that our controls to monitor and associate the cost of bulk wine inventory with quantity or gallons on hand were not effective. Due to this material weakness
 we have concluded that as of December 31
 2020
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Subsequent to December 31
 2020
 we have restated the consolidated financial statements for the periods referenced above to correct for errors caused by this weakness. We do not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control system&#8217;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may occur. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. As a result
 we cannot assure you that significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. A material weakness means a deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
We face risks related to health pandemics
 particularly the recent outbreak of COVID-19
Our business could be adversely affected by a widespread outbreak of contagious disease
 including the global pandemic related to COVID-19. The effects of this outbreak on our business could include employees becoming infected
 disruptions or restrictions on our employees&#8217; ability to travel in affected regions
 as well as temporary closures of our tasting rooms and temporary closures of the facilities of our suppliers
 customers
 or other vendors in our supply chain
 which could impact our business
 interactions and relationships with our customers
 third-party suppliers and contractors
 and results of operations. In addition
 a significant outbreak of contagious disease in the human population could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries
 resulting in an economic downturn that could reduce the demand for our products and likely impact our results of operations. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak will impact business and the economy is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Accordingly
Climate change
 or legal
 regulatory or market measures to address climate change
 may negatively affect our business
 operations or financial performance
Our business depends upon agricultural activity and natural resources
 including the availability of water. There has been much public discussion related to concerns that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Severe weather events and climate change may negatively affect agricultural productivity in our vineyards. The quality and quantity of water available for use is important to the supply of grapes and our ability to operate our business. Adverse weather
 measures enacted to address climate change
We are subject to environmental regulations with respect to our operations
 including those related to wastewater
 air emissions
 and hazardous materials use
 storage and disposal. In addition
 we own substantial amounts of real property that are critical to our business. If hazardous substances are discovered on any of our properties and the concentrations are such that the presence of such hazardous substances presents an unreasonable risk of harm to public health or the environment
 we may be held strictly liable for the cost of investigation and remediation of hazardous substances. The cost of environmental remediation could be significant and adversely impact our financial condition
Government laws and regulations result in increased farming costs
 and the sale of wine is subject to taxation in various state
 federal and foreign jurisdictions. The amount of wine that we can sell directly to consumers outside of California is regulated
 and in certain states we are not allowed to sell wines directly to consumers and/or the amount that can be sold is limited. Changes in these laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on sales and/or increase costs to produce and/or sell wine. The wine industry is subject to extensive regulation by the TTB and various foreign agencies
 state liquor authorities
 such as the California Alcoholic Beverage Control (&#8220;CABC&#8221;)
 and local authorities. These regulations and laws dictate such matters as licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 permitted distribution channels
 permitted and required labeling
 and advertising and relations with wholesalers and retailers. Any expansion of our existing facilities or development of new vineyards or wineries may be limited by present and future zoning ordinances
 environmental restrictions and other legal requirements. In addition
 new regulations or requirements or increases in excise taxes
 income taxes
 property and sales taxes or international tariffs
 could affect our financial condition or results of operations. From time to time
 many states consider proposals to increase
 and some of these states have increased
 state alcohol excise taxes. New or revised regulations or increased licensing fees
 requirements or taxes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
We may be subject to litigation
 for which we may be unable to accurately assess our level of exposure and which if adversely determined
Although our current assessment is that there is no pending litigation that could reasonably be expected to have a significant adverse impact
 if our assessment proves to be in error
 then the outcome of litigation could have a significant impact on our financial condition or results of operations or cash flows. The Company is
 and may in the future become
 the subject of
 or party to
 various pending or threatened legal actions
 government investigations and proceedings
 including consumer class actions
 such as labor claims
 breach of contract claims
 antitrust litigation
 securities litigation
 premises liability claims and litigation in foreign jurisdictions. In general
 claims made by or against the Company in litigation
 investigations
 disputes or other proceedings have been and can in the future be expensive and time-consuming to bring or defend against and could result in settlements
 injunctions or damages that could significantly affect the Company&#8217;s business or financial results or condition. It is not possible to predict the final resolution of the litigation
 investigations
 disputes
 or proceedings with which the Company currently is
 or may in the future become
 involved. The impact of these matters on the Company&#8217;s business
 In March 2013
 we entered into a revolving credit facility with American AgCredit
 FLCA and CoBank
In March 2018
 we entered into the second amendment to the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility with FLCA. We plan to rely upon the revolving credit facility for potential incremental capital project funding and in the future may use it for acquisitions. No amounts are currently outstanding under the revolving credit facility. In November 2015
 our subsidiary
 Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC
 entered into a senior secured term loan agreement with FLCA for an aggregate principal amount of $16.0 million. In June 2017
 our subsidiary
 Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC
 entered into a senior secured term loan agreement with FLCA for an aggregate principal amount of $10.0 million. We are guarantor of the term loans entered into by our subsidiaries
 Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC and Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC
 which are collateralized by certain real property. In April 2020
 Crimson entered into an unsecured term loan agreement with American AgCredit
 FLCA for an aggregate principal amount of $3.8 million. Under the CARES Act
 the loan is eligible for forgiveness for the portion used to cover payroll costs and other specified non-payroll costs. The Company intends to apply for forgiveness of amounts received under the PPP in accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act
 as amended
 although there can be no assurance that it will be eligible for forgiveness of the PPP Loan
 in full or in part. The term loans entered into by our subsidiaries
 Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC and Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC
 and the revolving credit facility include covenants that require the maintenance of specified debt and equity ratios
 limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness
 limit dividends and other distributions to shareholders and limit certain mergers
 consolidations and sales of assets. If we are unable to comply with these covenants
Prices for our common stock are quoted on the Over-The-Counter (&#8220;OTC&#8221;) Market. Securities whose prices are quoted on the OTC Market do not have the same liquidity as securities that trade on a recognized market or securities exchange. An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained in the future. As a result
The stock market has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. Changes in earnings estimates by analysts
 if any
The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales
 or the possibility that these sales may occur
 also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. Any disposition by any of our large shareholders of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that such dispositions could occur
We are a &#8220;smaller reporting company
We are a &#8220;smaller reporting company
&#8221; as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  As a smaller reporting company
 we have relied on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. These exemptions include reduced financial disclosure and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements.  We may continue to rely on such exemptions for so long as we remain a smaller reporting company under applicable SEC rules and regulations.  Accordingly
 we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of our reduced disclosures
Under the tax matters agreement that we have entered into with Jefferies
 we covenant not to take actions that would jeopardize the tax-free nature of the Distribution. Additionally
 we are required to indemnify Jefferies and its affiliates against all tax-related liabilities caused by the failure of the Distribution to qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including as a result of events subsequent to the Distribution that caused Jefferies to recognize a gain under Section 355(e) of the Code) to the extent these liabilities arise as a result of actions taken by us or our affiliates (other than Jefferies) or as a result of changes in ownership of our common stock. If the Distribution is taxable to Jefferies
 Jefferies would recognize a gain
 if any
 equal to the difference between Jefferies&#8217; tax basis in our Common Stock distributed in the distribution and the fair market value of our Common Stock. Jefferies does not expect that there would be a significant gain
 if any
 recognized on the Distribution even if it were found to be taxable. This covenant (and
 to some extent
 this indemnification obligation) may limit our ability to pursue certain strategic transactions
As of April&#160;9
 2021
 the significant stockholders of our company include our directors Joseph S. Steinberg (approximately 11.8% beneficial ownership
 including ownership by trusts for the benefit of his respective family members
 but excluding Mr. Steinberg&#8217;s private charitable foundation) and John D. Cumming (approximately 12.9% beneficial ownership). Accordingly
 Messrs. Steinberg and Cumming could exert significant influence over all matters requiring approval by our stockholders
Crimson&#8217;s vineyards and winemaking facilities are described in Item 1.&#160;In 2014
 the Company entered into a lease agreement in Napa
 California to lease approximately 13
200 square feet of space for its administrative offices. The lease commenced July 1
 2014 for a term expiring June 30
 2020. During 2019
 the Company extended the lease agreement for the administrative offices for a term expiring June 30
 2022. During 2020
 the Company relocated its administrative offices from the leased location at 2700 Napa Valley Corporate Drive
 Suite B
 Napa
 California 94558 to its wholly-owned winery
 Pine Ridge Vineyards
 located at 5901 Silverado Trail
 Napa
From time to time
 Crimson may be involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business. Crimson is not currently involved in any legal or administrative proceedings individually or together that it believes are likely to have a significant adverse effect on its business
Item 5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
The Company&#8217;s common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market
 OTC Market
 under the symbol &#8220;CWGL.&#8221;&#160;The Company&#8217;s common stock is not listed on any stock exchange
The following table sets forth the high and low sales price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
On April&#160;9
 2021
 the closing sales price for the Company&#8217;s common stock was $6.85 per share.&#160;As of that date
 there were 1
363 stockholders of record. Any over-the-counter market quotations of the Company&#8217;s common stock reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. The transfer agent for the Company&#8217;s common stock is American Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 59 Maiden Lane
 New York
The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have net operating losses (&#8220;NOLs&#8221;) and other tax attributes
 the amount and availability of which are subject to certain qualifications
 limitations and uncertainties.&#160;In order to reduce the possibility that certain changes in ownership could result in limitations on the use of its tax attributes
 the Company&#8217;s certificate of incorporation contains provisions which generally restrict the ability of a person or entity from acquiring ownership (including through attribution under the tax law) of five percent or more of the common stock and the ability of persons or entities now owning five percent or more of the common stock from acquiring additional common stock.&#160;The restrictions will remain in effect until the earliest of (a) December 31
 2022
The following table summarizes compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December&#160;31
Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options
Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options
89
911
The purpose of this section is to discuss and analyze the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial condition
 liquidity and capital resources and results of operations. This analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
 related disclosures and &#8220;Cautionary Statement for Forward-Looking Information
The Company&#160;generates revenues from sales of wine to wholesalers and direct to consumers
 sales of bulk wine and grapes
 custom winemaking services
 special event fees
Our wines are primarily sold to&#160;distributors
 who then sell to retailers and restaurants. As permitted under federal and local regulations
 we have also been placing increased emphasis on generating revenue from direct sales to consumers which occur through wine clubs
 at the wineries&#8217; tasting rooms and through the internet and direct outreach to customers. Direct sales to consumers are more profitable for&#160;the Company&#160;as we are able to sell our products at a price closer to retail prices rather than the wholesale price&#160;sold to&#160;distributors.&#160;From time to time
&#160;we may sell grapes or bulk wine
 because the wine does not meet the quality standards for&#160;the Company&#8217;s products
 market conditions have changed resulting in reduced demand for certain products
 or because&#160;the Company&#160;may have produced more of a particular varietal than it can use. When these sales occur
Cost of sales includes grape and bulk wine costs
 whether purchased or produced from&#160;the Company&#8217;s controlled vineyards
 crush costs
 winemaking&#160;and processing costs
 bottling
 packaging
 warehousing and shipping and handling costs.&#160;For&#160;the Company&#160;controlled vineyard produced grapes
 grape costs include annual farming labor costs
 harvest costs and depreciation of vineyard assets.&#160;For wines that age longer than one year
 winemaking and processing costs continue to be incurred and capitalized to the cost of wine
At December&#160;31
 2020
In March 2020
 the coronavirus disease (&#8220;COVID-19&#8221;) outbreak was declared a national public health emergency which continues to affect the world and has adversely impacted global activity and contributed to significant economic declines and volatility in financial markets. The outbreak could have a continued material adverse impact on economic and market conditions and be followed by a period of global economic slowdown. The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate material adverse impact of the coronavirus outbreak. The outbreak has adversely impacted the Company&#8217;s tasting room visitations
 On-Premise business
 and special events. The outbreak presents uncertainty and risk with respect to the Company
As of March 16
 2020
 with the exception of key operations personnel
 the Company has shifted its home office staff to remote workstations
On March 16
 2020
 the Company temporarily closed all of its tasting rooms
 which are located in California
 Oregon
 and Washington
 in compliance with shelter-in-place orders issued by local government offices. Following months of closures
 each of the aforementioned states issued reopening guidelines and metrics that counties must achieve prior to business reopening. After remaining closed for nearly all of the second quarter and complying with reopening guidelines
 the Company&#8217;s tasting rooms reopened during June 2020 in limited capacity and operating hours
 and with additional safety measures in place. In the first several weeks of July 2020
 businesses located in several Northern California counties were required to shut down indoor dining and winery tasting rooms. In late July 2020
 the State of Washington required the shutdown of wineries
 regardless of whether food is served. During this period
 while the State of Oregon allowed indoor wine tastings with noted restrictions
 the Company's Oregon-based tasting room
 Archery Summit
 operated almost entirely outdoors. Although outdoor operations were allowed to resume in August
 COVID-19 containment measures and the 2020 wildfires limited the amount of traffic at the Company's tasting rooms. In mid-November 2020
 further government restrictions and shutdown orders were issued for the State of Oregon with California and Washington following suit in December 2020
All of the Company&#8217;s tasting rooms have been impacted by government orders and restrictions to significant and varying degrees at times. Much of the aforementioned restrictions or shutdowns of the operations of winery tasting rooms remain in place. Management and staff at all estate locations have taken the appropriate steps to continue accommodations for outdoor tastings
 when permitted
 to ensure the safety of all guests and staff. In addition to limiting the number of guests and requiring reservations
 the Company has implemented various measures to prevent the spread of the virus including using available forms of PPE
 assigning tasting room staff to discrete guest parties to limit contact exposure
 screening workers before they enter facilities
 practicing social distancing
 implementing COVID-19 protocols and travel guidelines
The Company has experienced both reductions and increases in consumer demand in various channels due to the COVID-19 outbreak in the twelve&#160;months ended December&#160;31
Our Direct to Consumer segment includes retail sales in the tasting rooms
 remote sites and on-site events
 wine club net sales
 direct phone sales
 and other sales made directly to the consumer without the use of an intermediary. Tasting room sales have been negatively impacted due to closures and operating limitations. The Company also sells wine directly to consumers through our website (http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com)
 third-party websites
 direct phone calls
Our Wholesale segment includes all sales through a third party where prices are given at a wholesale rate. The Company sells wine (through distributors and directly) to restaurants
 bars
 and other hospitality locations (&#8220;On-Premise&#8221;). Demand for wines at On-Premise locations has been reduced due to COVID-19 containment measures restricting consumers from visiting
 as well as in many cases both the temporary and permanent closures of On-Premise venues. The Company also sells wine (through distributors and directly) to supermarkets
 grocery stores
 liquor stores
The extent of COVID-19&#8217;s impact on our financials and results of operations will depend on the length of time that the pandemic continues
 the effect of governmental regulations imposed in response to the pandemic
 its effect on the demand for our products and our supply chain
As discussed in Item 1 of this Form 10-K
The Company&#8217;s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;). &#160;The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 the Company evaluates all of these estimates and assumptions. The following areas have been identified as critical accounting estimates because they have the potential to have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements
 and because they are based on assumptions which are used in the accounting records to reflect
 at a specific point in time
&#8211; Inventory consists of mainly bulk and bottled wine and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 with cost being determined on the first-in
 first-out method. Costs associated with winemaking
 and other costs associated with the manufacturing of products for resale
 are recorded as inventory. In accordance with general practice within the wine industry
 wine inventories are included in current assets
 although a portion of such inventories may be aged for periods longer than one year. As required
 the Company reduces the carrying value of inventories that are obsolete or in excess of estimated usage to estimated net realizable value. The Company&#8217;s estimates of net realizable value are based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 future demand and market requirements. Reductions to the carrying value of inventories are recorded in cost of sales. If future demand and/or pricing for the Company&#8217;s products are less than previously estimated
 then the carrying value of the inventories may be required to be reduced
 resulting in additional expense and reduced profitability. Inventory write-downs of $6.4 million and $2.0 million were recorded during the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
In a strategic effort to maximize asset utilization in 2019
 the Company increased focus on supply chain management. The Company reduced planned production in an effort to re-align supply with changes in forecasted demand. In the third quarter of 2019
 the Company finalized a review of standard overhead applied to bulk wine inventory and bulk wine inventory reserves in the current market and subsequently increased its reserve estimate from 50% to 75% of total projected bulk wine sale losses. As a result of this change in estimate
 bulk wine inventory was reduced by $1.2 million
 &#8211; The Company capitalizes internal vineyard development costs when developing new vineyards or replacing or improving existing vineyards. These costs consist primarily of the costs of the vines and expenditures related to labor and materials to prepare the land and construct vine trellises. Amortization of such costs is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic useful life of the vineyard
 which can be up to 25 years. As circumstances warrant
 the Company re-evaluates the recoverability of capitalized costs
 and will record impairment charges if required. The Company has not recorded any significant impairment charges for its vineyards unless related to the sale of an asset during the two year period ended December&#160;31
 &#8211; For intangible assets with definite lives
 impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill
 impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. Other than goodwill
 the Company currently has no intangible assets with indefinite lives. All of the Company&#8217;s goodwill and substantially all definite-lived intangible assets resulted from the acquisitions of Seghesio Family Vineyards in May 2011 and Seven Hills Winery in January 2016. Amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which range from 7 to 20 years. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the end of each year or more often if a triggering event occurs
The Company evaluates long-lived assets
 including definite-lived intangible assets
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets consist primarily of property and equipment and intangible assets with definite lives. Circumstances that might cause the Company to evaluate its long-lived assets for impairment could include a significant decline in the prices the Company or the industry can charge for its products
 which could be caused by general economic or other factors
 changes in laws or regulations that make it difficult or more costly for the Company to distribute its products to its markets at prices which generate adequate returns
 natural disasters
Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured using a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to the fair value or future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired
During the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded impairment charges of $1.3 million and $2.2 million
 respectively
 to write-down the carrying value of a portion of construction in progress expenses no longer viable to the long-term project related to renovations of tasting rooms
 right-of-use lease asset related to the relocation of our administrative offices
&#8211; The Company pays depletion allowances to its distributors based on their sales to their customers. These allowances are estimated on a monthly basis by the Company
 and allowances are accrued as a reduction of sales. Subsequently
 distributors will bill the Company for actual depletions
During 2018
 the Company committed to various restructuring activities (the &#8220;2018 Restructuring Program&#8221;) including the termination of a vineyard operating lease agreement in Oregon and certain departmental reorganizations. Restructuring charges of $0.1 million and $1.3 million were incurred in the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The Company has incurred $1.4 million of restructuring charges since the inception of the restructuring plan consisting of $0.9 million employee related costs
 $0.4 million of asset impairment charges associated with leasehold improvements under the terminated vineyard operating lease agreement
 and $0.1 million of other restructuring costs associated with departmental reorganization activities. The fair value of impaired leasehold improvements was determined using the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. The Company&#8217;s restructuring activities under the 2018 Restructuring Program were substantially complete as of March 31
During 2020
 the Company committed to various restructuring activities (the &#8220;2020 Restructuring Program&#8221;) including the closure of the Double Canyon Vineyards tasting room
 restructuring of management
 changes in sales
 marketing
 and Direct to Consumer organizational structure
 and transitioning of information technology services and export fulfillment to outsourced support models. For the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 the Company incurred $1.4 million of restructuring charges
 consisting of $1.1 million employee related costs
 $0.2 million of asset impairment charges associated with the tasting room assets upon closure
 and $0.1 of other restructuring costs associated with departmental reorganization activities. The Company&#8217;s restructuring activities under the 2020 Restructuring Program were substantially complete as of September 30
The Company recorded costs of $1.2 million for employee related restructuring activities and paid $1.2 million during the year ended December&#160;31
 2020. The liability related to restructuring activities was $0.3 million at December&#160;31
In this section
 we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended December&#160;31
 2020 compared to the year ended December&#160;31
 2019. See the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
(in thousands
33
33
26
26
3
7
(3
64
67
(3
Wholesale net sales increased $0.8 million
 or 3%
 in 2020 as compared to 2019.&#160;The increase was primarily driven by increased domestic wine sales as well as decreased price support compared to 2019
 partially offset by decreased export wine sales to cruise and transportation segments and Asia. The increase in domestic wine sales was driven by increased consumer demand in Off-Premise locations and the timing of inventory fulfillment with new wholesale distributors
Direct to consumer net sales decreased $0.4 million
 or 2%
 in 2020 as compared to 2019. The decrease was primarily driven by reduced wine sold in the tasting rooms and during special events
 as well as decreased wine club sales
 partially offset by successful strategic Ecommerce offers compared to 2019. The decrease in wine sold in the tasting rooms is driven by the temporary closures of tasting rooms from March through June 2020 and again from November through December 2020 related to COVID-19 containment measures
 reduced operating capacity due to COVID-19 containment measures
 and temporary closures of tasting rooms related to poor air quality and extreme heat during the August and September 2020 wildfires in California and Oregon. Reduced wine sales from special events were due to cancellations of all special events from March 2020 through the end of the year. The decrease in wine club sales was driven by lower membership compared to 2019 and increased skipped club shipments
 offered in lieu of cancellations
 partially offset by increased order value of club shipments due to customizations. Overall
 Direct to consumer cases sold increased compared to 2019
Other net sales
 which include bulk wine and grape sales
 custom winemaking services
 event fees and retail sales
 decreased $3.4 million or 47%
 in 2020 as compared to 2019. The decrease was primarily driven by reduced event fees and non-wine retail sales due to capacity limitations of tasting rooms and event cancellations as a result of COVID-19 containment measures
 lower sales from custom winemaking services caused by a lower harvest year for many clients
Year Ended December 31
(in thousands
11
10
16
17
(1
(7
(3
(4
19
25
(5
Wholesale gross profit increased $0.8 million
 or 7%
driven by increased domestic wine sales as discussed above
 decreased cost of goods sold and decreased price support. Decreased costs were primarily driven by a shift in sales mix to wine labels with a lower cost of goods sold
 as well as a transition to a lower cost vintage on the top selling label. Decreased price support was related to a shift in channel mix
 with a smaller portion of sales occurring in the On-Premise channel
 which generally requires higher price support to achieve competitive pricing
 in 2020 as compared to 2019. Gross margin percentage
 which is defined as gross profit as a percentage of net sales
Direct to consumer gross profit decreased $1.8 million
 or 10%
&#160;in 2020 as compared to 2019. The decrease was primarily driven by reduced wine sold in the tasting rooms and during special events
Other includes a gross loss on bulk wine and grape sales
 custom winemaking services
 event fees and non-wine retail sales and increased $4.4 million
&#160;or&#160;135%
&#160;in 2020 as compared to 2019.&#160;The increase in other gross loss is primarily driven by $3.5 million inventory write-downs related to the 2020 vintage grapes affected by smoke taint exposure
Year Ended December 31
(in thousands
14
17
(3
11
11
25
29
(4
Sales and marketing expenses decreased $3.7 million
 or&#160;21%
&#160;in 2020 as&#160;compared to 2019.&#160;The decrease was primarily driven by reduced compensation as a result of the 2020 Restructuring Program
 decreased travel costs related to COVID-19
General and administrative&#160;expenses&#160;decreased $0.4 million
 or&#160;4%
primarily due to nonrecurring severance and employee recruiting services incurred in 2019
Year Ended December 31
(in thousands
Interest expense
(1
(1
Other income
Total other expense
Interest expense
 net
 increased less than $0.1 million
 or 3%
Other income
 net
 increased less than $0.1 million
 or 9%
 in 2020 as compared to 2019. The increase was primarily driven by the discontinuation of apple consignment sales
 which yielded a loss
 in 2019
as compared to 26.8% for 2019. The difference between the consolidated effective income tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory was primarily attributable to state taxes
 the federal net operating loss carryback
The Company&#8217;s principal sources of liquidity are its available cash and cash equivalents
 investments in available for sale securities
 funds generated from operations and bank borrowings. The Company&#8217;s primary cash needs are to fund working capital requirements and capital expenditures. Despite the negative effects of COVID-19 on our business
 the Company has maintained adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements
 fund capital expenditures
 meet payroll
 repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt
In response to the current macro-economic environment
 we protected our financial position and liquidity as evidenced by the following items: we managed our operating expenses closely and limited discretionary spending; reduced and/or deferred capital projects where prudent; actively managed our working capital
In March 2013
 Crimson&#160;and its subsidiaries entered into a&#160;$60.0 million&#160;revolving credit facility (the &#8220;2013 Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) with American AgCredit
 FLCA
 as agent for the lenders identified in the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility
 comprised of a revolving loan facility (the &#8220;Revolving Loan&#8221;) and a term revolving loan facility (the &#8220;Term Revolving Loan&#8221;)
 which together are secured by substantially all of Crimson&#8217;s assets. In March 2018
 Crimson and its subsidiaries entered into the second amendment to the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility with American AgCredit
 FLCA (the &#8220;Second Amendment&#8221;). The Second Amendment modified certain provisions of the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility
 including
 among other things
 extending the Revolving Loan and Term Revolving Loan termination dates to March 31
 2023
 extending the Term Revolving Loan conversion date to March 31
 2023 and extending the Term Revolving Loan maturity date to March 31
The Revolving Loan is for up to&#160;$10.0 million&#160;in the aggregate for a&#160;five year term
 and the Term Revolving Loan is for up to&#160;$50.0 million&#160;in the aggregate for a&#160;fifteen year term. All obligations of Crimson under the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility are collateralized by certain real property
 including vineyards and certain winery facilities of Crimson
 accounts receivable
 inventory and intangible&#160;assets. In addition to unused line fees ranging from&#160;0.15%&#160;to&#160;0.25%
 rates for the borrowings are priced based on a performance grid tied to certain financial ratios and the London Interbank Offered Rate.&#160;The 2013 Revolving Credit Facility can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes. Covenants include the maintenance of specified debt and equity ratios
 limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness
 limitations on dividends and other distributions to shareholders and restrictions on certain mergers
(i) On November 10
 2015
&#160;Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC&#160;(&#8220;PRW Borrower&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of&#160;Crimson
&#160;entered into a senior secured term loan agreement (the &#8220;2015 Term Loan&#8221;) with American AgCredit
The 2015 Term Loan will mature on October 1
 2040 (the 2015 Term Loan Maturity Date). On the first day of each January
 April
 July and October
 commencing January 1
 2016
 PRW Borrower is required to make a principal payment in the amount of&#160;$160
000&#160;and an interest payment equal to the amount of all interest accrued through the previous day. A final payment of all unpaid principal
The full&#160;$16.0 million was drawn at closing and the&#160;2015 Term Loan&#160;can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes.&#160;As of December&#160;31
 2020
 $12.6 million in principal was outstanding on the 2015 Term Loan
(ii) On June 29
 2017
 Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC&#160;(the &#8220;DCV Borrower&#8221; and
 individually and collectively with the PRW Borrower
 &#8220;Borrower&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crimson
The 2017 Term Loan will mature on July 1
 2037 (the 2017 Loan Maturity Date). On the first day of each January
 April
 July and October
 commencing October 1
 2017
 DCV Borrower is required to make a principal payment in the amount of $125
000 and an interest payment equal to the amount of all interest accrued through the previous day. A final payment of all unpaid principal
The full $10.0 million was drawn at closing and the 2017 Term Loan can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 $8.3 million in principal was outstanding on the 2017 Term Loan
Borrower&#8217;s&#160;obligations under the&#160;2015 Term Loan and 2017 Term Loan&#160;are&#160;guaranteed by the Company.&#160;All&#160;obligations of&#160;Borrower&#160;under the&#160;2015 Term Loan and 2017 Term Loan&#160;are collateralized by certain real property of the Company.&#160;Borrower&#8217;s covenants include the maintenance of a specified debt service coverage ratio&#160;and certain customary affirmative and negative covenants
 including limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness; limitations on distributions to shareholders; and restrictions on certain investments
(iii) In March 2020
 in light of the global outbreak of the COVID-19 virus
 Congress passed the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security (&#8220;CARES&#8221;) Act. The CARES Act included a small business stimulus program called the Paycheck Protection Program (&#8220;PPP&#8221;)
 which is intended to provide loans to qualified businesses to
 as originally implemented
 support eight weeks of payroll and other identified costs. PPP loans are eligible for partial or full forgiveness. On June 3
 2020
 Congress passed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act of 2020 which
 among other things
In April 2020
 the Company successfully secured a $3.8 million PPP loan. Under the CARES Act
 the loan is eligible for forgiveness for the portion used to cover payroll costs and other specified non-payroll costs
 including interest on mortgage obligations
 rent and utilities (provided any non-payroll costs do not exceed 40% of the forgiven amount) over an eight-week or 24-week period after the loan is made if employee and compensation levels are maintained. The Company intends to apply for forgiveness of amounts received under the PPP in accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act
 as amended. Any loan amounts forgiven will be removed from liabilities recorded. While the Company used the proceeds of the PPP Loan only for permissible purposes
 there can be no assurance that it will be eligible for forgiveness of the PPP Loan
On April 22
 2020
 Crimson entered into an unsecured term loan agreement (the &#8220;2020 PPP Term Loan&#8221;) with the Lender for an aggregate principal amount of $3.8 million. Amounts outstanding under the 2020 PPP Term Loan bear a fixed interest rate of 1.00% per annum. If all or a portion of the 2020 PPP Term Loan is not forgiven
The 2020 PPP Term Loan will mature on April 1
 2022 (the &#8220;2020 Loan Maturity Date&#8221;). Based on the current terms of the loan
 there are two scenarios of payment. The first scenario calls for the payments on the loan to commence on the first day of the month following the date on which the Lender receives the applicable forgiveness amount
 if any
 from the Small Business Administration (&#8220;SBA&#8221;)
 if a balance on the loan remains after the forgiveness amount has been applied. If all obligations under the loan are forgiven by the SBA
 no payments will be required. The second scenario applies if Crimson fails to timely apply for forgiveness of the 2020 PPP Term Loan. In this second scenario
 the payments on the loan will commence on the first day of the month that is 10 months after the end of the eight-week period following the date of loan origination
 April 22
 2020. Crimson is required to make payments of equal monthly principal and interest based on the Adjusted Loan Balance. A final payment of all unpaid principal
 interest and any other charges with respect to the 2020 PPP Term Loan shall be due and payable on the 2020 Loan Maturity Date. The amortization period of equal monthly principal and interest will be adjusted based on which payment scenario is triggered. While the loan currently has a two-year maturity
The full $3.8 million was drawn at closing and the 2020 PPP Term Loan can be used for the purposes authorized and approved in the CARES Act. As of December&#160;31
 2020
The following table summarizes our cash flow activities for the years ended December&#160;31
13
3
4
2
(4
Net cash provided by operating activities was $13.6 million in 2020
 consisting primarily of $6.4 million of net loss adjusted for $15.3 million of non-cash items such as $8.3 million of depreciation and amortization
 $6.4 million from the loss of inventory write-offs
 $1.4 million of restructuring charges
 and $1.4 million of impairment charges to adjust the carrying value of tasting room construction in progress renovation projects. Additionally
 there were $4.7 million of net cash inflows related to changes in operating assets and liabilities
 primarily due to a decrease of $5.5 million in inventory and $2.0 million in accounts receivable
Net cash provided by operating activities was $3.6 million in 2019
 consisting primarily of $5.7 million of net loss adjusted for $11.8 million of non-cash items such as $8.9 million of depreciation and amortization
 $2.2 million of impairment charges to adjust the cost of assets sold or held for sale
 and $2.0 million from the loss of inventory write-offs
 partially offset by an increase of $1.7 million benefit for income taxes. Additionally
 there were $2.5 million of net cash outflows related to changes in operating assets and liabilities
 primarily due to an increase of $2.9 million in accounts receivable and a decrease of $2.4 million in accounts payable and accrued liabilities
Net cash provided by investing activities was $0.3 million&#160;in 2020
 consisting primarily of&#160;proceeds from sale of land in Klickitat County
 Washington totaling $1.9 million and the net redemptions of available for sale investments of $1.5 million
Net cash provided by investing activities was $4.7 million&#160;in 2019
 consisting primarily of net redemptions of available for sale investments of $9.3 million
Net cash provided by financing activities was $2.4 million in 2020
 consisting primarily of proceeds of the 2020 PPP Term Loan totaling $3.8 million
Net cash used in financing activities was $4.7 million in 2019
 which reflects the repurchase of shares of our common stock at a repurchase price of $3.5 million
In December 2018
 the Company commenced a share repurchase program (the &#8220;2019 Winter Repurchase Program&#8221;) that provided for the repurchase of up to $2.0 million of outstanding common stock. Under the 2019 Winter Repurchase Program
 any repurchased shares were constructively retired. On April 30
 2019
 the 2019 Winter Repurchase Program was completed. Under the total 2019 Winter Repurchase Program
 the Company repurchased 253
In September 2019
 the Company commenced a share repurchase program (the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program) that provided for the repurchase of up to $2.0 million of outstanding common stock. Under the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program
 any repurchased shares are constructively retired. On December 12
 2019
 the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program was completed. Under the total 2019 Summer Repurchase Program
 the Company repurchased 283
The Company&#8217;s management evaluated
 with the participation of the Company&#8217;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;))
 as of December&#160;31
 2020. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
 including the Company&#8217;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation
 the Company&#8217;s principal executive and principal financial officers concluded that
 as of December&#160;31
 2020
 due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;). Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of internal control effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with internal control policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December&#160;31
 2020 as a result of the material weakness described below. A material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
We did not have adequate controls in place to monitor and associate the cost of bulk wine inventory with quantity or gallons on hand. As a result
 the cost related to certain bulk wine inventory was not properly transferred to bulk and bottled inventory accounts that would subsequently be relieved through sales transactions. This material weakness resulted in the restatement of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31
 2020 and 2019
 the three and six months ended June 30
 2020 and 2019 and the three and nine months ended September 30
For the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 our independent registered public accounting firm
 BPM LLP
While we believe that the above action will ultimately remediate the material weakness
Notwithstanding the identified material weakness
 management believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly
 in all material respects
 our financial position
 results of operations
 section above
 there has been no change in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Company&#8217;s fiscal quarter ended December&#160;31
 2020
 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 Item 10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Directors
As of April&#160;13
 2021
 the directors and executive officers of the Company
 their ages
 the positions with the Company held by each of them
 the periods during which they have served in such positions and a summary of their recent business experience is set forth below. Each of the biographies of the current directors listed below also contains information regarding such person&#8217;s service as a director
 business experience
 director positions with other public companies held currently or at any time during the past five years
 and the experience
 qualifications
John D. Cumming
 age 53
 was elected as Chairman of Crimson in June 2015 after serving as a director since February 2013. Mr. Cumming is the Founder and Executive Chairman of POWDR Corp.
 a private ski resort and summer camp operating company. In addition to leading POWDR Corp.
 Mr. Cumming holds many positions in related fields
 including Chairman of Snowbird Holdings LLC
 Board Member of The Cumming Family Foundation
 Chairman of Cumming Investment Company
 also known as American Investment Company
 Member of the investment committee of Teton Holdings Corporation CCS
Joseph S. Steinberg
 age 77
 was elected as a director in February 2013. Mr. Steinberg has been a director of HomeFed Corporation since August 1998 and Chairman of the Board since December 1999. Mr. Steinberg is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Jefferies Financial Group Inc.
 and from January 1979 until March 1
 2013 served as President of Leucadia National Corporation (now Jefferies Financial Group Inc.). In July 2020
 Mr. Steinberg joined the Board of Directors of Pershing Square Tontine Holdings Ltd. Mr. Steinberg has previously served on the Board of Spectrum Brands Holdings
 Inc. in addition to being a former director of Mueller Industries
Avraham M. Neikrug
 age 51
 was elected as a director in February 2013. Mr. Neikrug has been the Managing Partner of Goldenhill Ventures
 a private investment firm that specializes in buying and building businesses in partnership with management
 since June 2011. Mr. Neikrug has served as Vice President in Goldenhill Ventures LLC since June 2011. Mr. Neikrug has managerial and investing experience in a broad range of businesses through his founding and operating of JIR Inc.
 a company involved in the development of regional cable television throughout Russia
 JIRP
 a business-to-business internet service provider (ISP) based in Austria
 and M&amp;A Argentina
Douglas M. Carlson
 age 64
 was elected as a director in March 2013. Mr. Carlson was elected CEO and Chairman of Tommy&#8217;s Superfoods
 LLC in August 2015. Tommy's is in the frozen vegetables business and now a national brand in the U.S.
 with 14 different and creative seasoned blends of vegetables. From October 2013 to July 2015
 Mr. Carlson was the Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of NOOK Media LLC
 a subsidiary of Barnes &amp; Noble
 Inc. From April 2010 to September 2013
 Mr. Carlson was Managing Partner of Rancho Valencia Resort &amp; Spa
 a tennis resort that includes fractional real estate. Prior to that
 Mr. Carlson was Executive Chairman and Managing Director of Zinio
 LLC and VIV Publishing
 a digital publishing
 retail and distribution platform for magazines
 since 2005. Mr. Carlson co-founded FIJI Water Company LLC
 Inc. in 1996 and served as its Chief Executive Officer from 1996 to 2005. Prior to joining FIJI
 Mr. Carlson served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for The Aspen Skiing Company
 from 1989 to 1996. Mr. Carlson has managerial and investing experience both within and outside the hospitality industry
Craig D. Williams
 age 70
 was elected as a director in March 2013. From January 2015 to May 2018
 Mr. Williams was the Chief Winegrower &amp; Chief Operating Officer at Crimson Wine Group. Prior to that
 Mr. Williams was the owner of Craig Williams Wine Company
 a consulting business focused on winemaking and viticulture from 2008 to 2015. From 1976 to 2008
 Mr. Williams held a variety of winemaking roles at Joseph Phelps Vineyards
 rising to Senior Vice President of Winegrowing
 responsible for all viticulture and winemaking activities
Colby A. Rollins
 age 46
 was elected as a director on April 25
 2018. Mr. Rollins is currently the Chief Operations Officer of American Investment Company
 a family-owned investment company with diversified holdings. Previously
 he served as the Chief Financial Officer of American Investment Company from January 2009 to January 2011. John D. Cumming
 Chairman of Crimson Wine Group
 is also the Chairman of American Investment Company. Mr. Rollins served as a Director
Operations Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer of Wing Enterprises
 Inc.
 a privately-owned ladder company
 from 2004 to 2008. He also has managerial and investment experience
 including serving on the board of directors for Monaco Enterprises
 Inc.
 IPT
 LLC (dba PayLock Parking Solutions)
 MTI Partners
 LLC
 PMH Investors
 LLC
 Snowbird Holdings
 LLC
 City Roasting Company
 LLC
 Pawtree
 LLC
 and Ready Foods
Luanne D. Tierney
 age 57
 was elected as a director on November 5
 2018. Ms. Tierney is currently the CMO of Betterworks. Ms. Tierney is a Silicon Valley executive who has held executive positions at Cisco Systems
 Juniper Networks
 and Proofpoint. Ms. Tierney has successfully built and led complex marketing organizations for several Fortune 500 and mid-market SaaS companies. Ms. Tierney's efforts have gained wide recognition within the industry and she has garnered numerous awards and honors
 including YWCA TWIN Executive Women Award
 the PBWC Industry Leader Award
 the Silicon Valley Women of Influence Award
 among others. She has been featured in the Wall Street Journal
 Huffington Post and Success Magazine
 is a popular speaker at industry events
Jennifer L. Locke
 age 48
 has served as Chief Executive Officer of Crimson since December 2019. Ms. Locke brings to the Company inspirational leadership skills and an industry-wide reputation for delivering results and leading high-performing teams in a collaborative and innovative style. Prior to joining Crimson
 Ms. Locke was Senior Vice President of U.S. Luxury and Direct-to-Consumer Sales
 Americas
 at Treasury Wine Estates (TWE)
 a publicly traded global wine company
 based in Melbourne
 Australia. A Northwest native
 Ms. Locke previously was Director of National Wholesale
Karen L. Diepholz
 age 57
 has served as Chief Financial Officer of Crimson since June 2018. Prior to that
 Ms. Diepholz served for three years as the Chief Financial Officer of Vintage Wine Estates
 a privately held wine company
 where she led many aspects of the operations. From 2011 to 2014 Ms. Diepholz was the Vice President &amp; Chief Financial Officer of Equinox Payments
 a payment technology company
 and from 2008 to 2011 the Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis for Hypercom Corporation
 a New York Stock Exchange listed global payment technology company. Ms. Diepholz also served as the Vice President
 Corporate Controller at Fender Musical Instruments and spent her early career in the consumer products industry in a variety of financial and leadership roles at The Dial Corporation
Nicolas M.E. Quill&#233;
 MW
 age 48
 has served as Chief Winemaking and Operations Officer since May 2018. Prior to that
 Mr. Quill&#233; was General Manager and Head Winemaker of Banfi Vintners&#8217; boutique portfolio of wineries in the Pacific Northwest. He spent the last 29 years in a variety of winegrowing positions in both France and the United States. In addition to his role with Banfi
 his U.S. experience includes winegrowing and management positions with Pacific Rim and Bonny Doon. Prior to moving to the United States
 Mr. Quill&#233; worked in Burgundy (Antonin Rodet and Domaine Prieur)
 Provence (Domaine de la Courtade)
During 2020
A stockholder entitled to vote in the election of directors may nominate one or more persons for election as director at a meeting if written notice of that stockholder&#8217;s intent to make the nomination has been given to us
 with respect to an election to be held at an annual meeting of stockholders
 no earlier than 150 days and no later than 120 days before the first anniversary of the last annual meeting
 and
 with respect to an election to be held at a special meeting of stockholders
 no earlier than 150 days before such special meeting and no later than 120 days before such special meeting
 or if the first public notice of such special meeting is less than 130 days prior to the date of such special meeting
 the tenth day following the date on which public notice of the meeting is first given to stockholders. The notice shall provide such information as required under the Company&#8217;s Bylaws
 including
 without limitation
 the name and address of the stockholder and his or her nominees
 a representation that the stockholder is entitled to vote at the meeting and intends to nominate the person
 a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee
statement soliciting proxies for the election of the stockholder&#8217;s nominees
 the consent of each nominee to serve as a director of the Company if so elected
 information concerning the stockholder&#8217;s direct and indirect ownership of securities of the Company
 including with respect to any beneficial owner of securities of the Company held by the stockholder
The Board of Directors has adopted a charter for the Audit Committee
 which is available on our website
 www.crimsonwinegroup.com. The Audit Committee consists of Mr. Carlson
 who serves as the Chairman
 Mr. Neikrug and Mr. Rollins. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Carlson is qualified as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of regulations of the SEC and that each of Mr. Carlson
 Neikrug and Rollins is independent applying the NASDAQ Stock Market&#8217;s listing standards for independence and the SEC&#8217;s independence requirements for audit committee members. During 2020
The Compensation Committee
 formed in 2018
 (i) reviews and approves the compensation of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 (ii) establishes
 oversees and administers compensation policies and programs for the Company&#8217;s employees and (iii) administers the Company&#8217;s incentive compensation plan. The Board of Directors has adopted a charter for the Compensation Committee
 which is available on our website
 www.crimsonwinegroup.com. The Compensation Committee currently consists of Mr. Rollins
 who serves as the Chairman
 and Mr. Neikrug
 each of whom is independent applying the NASDAQ Stock Market&#8217;s listing standards for independence and the SEC&#8217;s independence requirements for compensation committee members. Each member of our Compensation Committee is also a non-employee director
 as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 and an outside director
 as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. During 2020
The Nomination Committee
 formed in 2021
 evaluates and nominates candidates for appointment or election to the Board
 as applicable. The Board of Directors has adopted a charter for the Nomination Committee
 which is available on our website
 www.crimsonwinegroup.com. The Nomination Committee currently consists of Mr. Neikrug
 who serves as the Chairman
 Mr. Steinberg and Mr. Rollins
 each of whom is independent applying the NASDAQ Stock Market&#8217;s listing standards for independence and the SEC&#8217;s independence requirements for nomination committee members. Each member of our Nomination Committee is also a non-employee director
 as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 and an outside director
 as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors
 and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities
 to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based solely upon a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations from our executive officers
 directors and greater than 10% beneficial stockholders
 we believe that all persons subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) filed the required reports on a timely basis except for the following late filings: a late Form 3 by Teton Holdings Corporation CCS; a late Form 3 by David Cumming; a late Form 3 by The Ian M. Cumming Charitable Lead Annuity Trust; a Form 4 by Craig Williams
 reporting 2 transactions; a Form 4 by John D. Cumming
 reporting 1 transaction; and a Form 4 by the Estate of Ian M. Cumming
We have a Code of Business Practice
 which is applicable to all of our directors
 officers and employees
 and includes a Code of Practice applicable to our principal executive officers and senior financial officers. Both the Code of Business Practice and the Code of Practice are available on our website
 www.crimsonwinegroup.com. We intend to post amendments to
 or waivers from
The Compensation Committee makes all decisions regarding executive officer compensation.  The Compensation Committee periodically reviews the elements of compensation for executive officers and
 subject to any existing employment agreements
 sets each element of compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and the other executive officers
We do not have a formal stock ownership requirement
 although two of our directors
 Messrs. John D. Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg
 respectively
 beneficially own approximately 12.9% and 11.8% of our outstanding common stock as of April&#160;9
In December 2019
 option grants for 89
000 shares were issued. The options vest annually over five years
 expire in seven years and have an exercise price of $6.87
 the market value at the date of grant. As of December 31
 2020
 all 89
000 shares of option grants remained outstanding with no additional grants or stock activities related to exercises or expirations during the year. As of December 31
 2020
 17
The share-based compensation expense for these grants was $141
000
 the grant date fair value
 which will be recorded over the vesting period. Estimates of share-based compensation expense require a number of complex and subjective assumptions
 including the selection of an option pricing model. The Company determined the grant date fair value of the awards using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing valuation model
 with the following assumptions and values: stock price volatility
 22%; employee exercise patterns and expected life
 5 years; dividend yield
 0%; and risk-free interest rate
The following table shows
 for fiscal years 2020 and 2019
 all of the compensation earned by
$349
$15
$364
$20
$141
$161
$301
$43
$11
$356
$292
$31
$4
$328
Nicolas M.E. Quill&#233;
$288
$44
$15
$349
$275
$77
$15
$368
Patrick M. DeLong
$248
$248
$232
$115
$319
$667
Mike S. Cekay
$36
$154
$191
$289
$40
$22
$352
Includes 401k contributions
 health club reimbursements and car allowances paid by the Company. For Mr. DeLong includes $249
000 and $306
000 in severance paid in 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 and for Mr. Cekay includes $150
Effective December 2
 2019 Jennifer Locke became an employee of the Company. Ms. Locke received a sign-on equity award of stock options to purchase 89
000 shares of the Company's common stock
From June 3
 2019 through December 1
 2019
Effective June 7
 2019
Mike S. Cekay's employment with the Company was terminated on February 5
The following table sets forth information concerning outstanding option awards held by our named executive officers at December 31
17
71
On December 2
 2019
 we entered into an agreement with Ms. Locke.  The agreement continues until terminated by us or Ms. Locke at any time and for any reason or for no reason with or without notice. Ms. Locke is eligible for an annual bonus in an amount to be determined by us in our discretion up to 35% bonus target of base salary. The amount of any annual bonus will be based upon our performance and Ms. Locke's performance
 as determined by us
 against goals mutually agreed upon between Ms. Locke and us. Ms. Locke received a sign-on equity award of stock options to purchase 89
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 with a per-share exercise price equal to the fair market value of the stock on the grant date. The options will vest annually over five years in equal installments. Pursuant to the agreement
 Ms. Locke is also eligible to participate in a long term incentive plan
 receive an annual car allowance benefit of $12
On June 29
 2018
 we entered into an agreement with Ms. Diepholz.  The agreement continues until terminated by us or Ms. Diepholz at any time and for any reason or for no reason with or without notice. Ms. Diepholz is eligible for an annual bonus in an amount to be determined by us in our discretion up to 37.5% bonus target of base salary. The amount of any annual bonus will be based upon our performance and Ms. Diepholz's performance
 as determined by us
 against goals mutually agreed upon between Ms. Diepholz and us. Pursuant to the agreement
 Ms. Diepholz is also eligible to participate in a long term incentive plan
 receive an annual car allowance benefit of $8
On March 14
 2018
 we entered into an agreement with Mr. Quill&#233;. The agreement continues until terminated by us or Mr. Quill&#233; at any time and for any reason or for no reason with or without notice. Mr. Quill&#233; is eligible for an annual bonus in an amount to be determined by us in our discretion up to 40% bonus target of base salary. The amount of any annual bonus will be based upon our performance and Mr. Quill&#233;&#8217;s performance
 as determined by us
 against goals mutually agreed upon between Mr. Quill&#233; and us. Pursuant to the agreement
 Mr. Quill&#233; is also eligible to receive an annual car allowance benefit of $10
The information below describes and quantifies certain compensation that would become payable under each named executive officer&#8217;s employment agreement if
 as of December&#160;31
 2020
 their employment had been terminated (including termination in connection with a change in control). Due to the number of factors that affect the nature and amount of any benefits provided upon the events discussed below
.  In the event Ms. Locke&#8217;s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by her with Good Reason
 and she signs a customary release in favor of the Company
 she will be entitled to receive a cash severance payment equal to the sum of: (i) 12 months of her then Base Salary; (ii) her Target Annual Incentive amount; and (iii) 12 times the monthly amount that is charged to COBRA qualified beneficiaries for the same medical coverage options elected by her immediately prior to her last day of employment (collectively
 the &#8220;Base Severance Amount&#8221;). The Base Severance Amount will be paid to her in installments over a 12 month period
 in accordance with the Company&#8217;s normal payroll cycle. In addition
 Ms. Locke&#8217;s sign-on equity award of stock options to purchase 89
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock are subject to full acceleration of vesting upon the occurrence of certain events
 including: (i) a Change of Control (as defined in the Company&#8217;s 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan); (ii) the termination of employment by the Company without Cause
. In the event Ms. Diepholz&#8217;s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause
 and she signs a customary release in favor of the Company
 the Company shall pay her as severance
&#8217;s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause
 by him with Good Reason or by a successor (whether direct
 indirect
 by purchase
 merger
 consolidation or otherwise) before a change in control
 he shall be entitled to receive as severance
 payment of his base salary in effect at the time of termination for 12 months. The Company will make available COBRA benefits for 18 months
 subject to legal limitations at the time
As approved in March 2013
 our non-employee directors receive an annual retainer of $25
000 for serving on the Board of Directors and a per meeting fee of $2
500 for each Board
 committee or shareholder meeting attended in person. Mr. Carlson receives an additional $26
000 annually for serving as Chairman of the Audit Committee
 and Messers. Neikrug and Rollins receive an additional $17
000 annually for serving on the Audit Committee. Mr. Rollins receives an additional $26
000
 annually for serving as the Chairman of the Compensation Committee and Mr. Neikrug receives as additional $17
000
 annually for serving on the Compensation Committee. The Company reimburses directors for reasonable travel expenses incurred in attending board and committee meetings. In response to the adverse financial impact of COVID-19
$78
$78
$67
$67
$41
$41
$33
$33
$33
$33
$15
$15
$15
$15
The Company does not have a formal compensation plan for any of its employees. Annually
 the Compensation Committee will consider making incentive compensation awards that are purely discretionary
 taking into account the employee&#8217;s individual performance as well as the Company&#8217;s performance for the particular year. Accordingly
Our Board of Directors previously adopted an equity compensation plan
 which allows the Company to grant incentive stock options
 nonqualified stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 and other stock-based awards
 and performance-based compensation awards to its officers
 employees
 and non-employee directors. The equity compensation plan is administered by our Board of Directors
 which is authorized to select the officers
 employees and non-employee directors to whom awards will be granted
Set forth below is certain information as of April&#160;9
 2021
 with respect to the beneficial ownership of common shares
 determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 by (1) each person who
 to our knowledge
 is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common shares
 which is our only class of voting securities
 (2) each director
 (3) each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table under &#8220;Executive Compensation
&#8221; (4) charitable foundations established by our directors and (5) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. The percentage ownership information under the column entitled &#8220;Percent of Class&#8221; is based on 23
243
476 shares of common stock outstanding as of April&#160;9
 2021. Unless otherwise stated
 (i) the business address of each person listed is c/o Crimson Wine Group
 5901 Silverado Trail
 Napa
2
990
2
751
5
4
2
2
1
17
5
774
27
33
2
410
Jackson
Beck
1
839
New York
1
225
Rye
1
199
Hermosa Beach
Includes 579
547 (2.5%) shares owned directly by Mr. John D. Cumming and 2
410
Includes 627
283 (2.7%) shares owned directly owned by Mr. Joseph S. Steinberg and 13
920 (less than 0.1%) shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Steinberg&#8217;s wife and daughter
 1
786
627 (7.7%) shares of common stock held by corporations that are wholly owned by Mr. Steinberg
 or held by corporations that are wholly owned by family trusts as to which Mr. Steinberg has sole voting and dispositive control
 or held by such trusts
 and 323
Based on Form 4 filed by Mr. Cekay on November 28
 2018. As of April&#160;9
 2021
Mike Cekay is not employed by the Company as of April&#160;9
Mr. John D. Cumming is a trustee of the Cumming Foundation
 a private charitable foundation
Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed by the CLAT
 Teton Holdings Corporation CCS (&#8220;Teton&#8221;)
 John D. Cumming
 David Cumming and the Estate of Ian M. Cumming with the SEC on September 21
CLAT
 and each of Mr. John D. Cumming and Mr. David Cumming owns a 50% interest in Teton and serves as a member of the board of directors and as a member of the investment committee of Teton. The CLAT and Teton reported sole voting and dispositive power over the 2
410
828 shares held by the CLAT
 and each of Mr. John D. Cumming and Mr. David Cumming reported shared voting and dispositive power over the 2
410
Based on a Schedule 13G filed by Beck
 Mack &amp; Oliver LLC with the SEC on January 29
Based on a Schedule 13D filed by Mr. Gabelli with the SEC on March 3
 2016.  All shares are held directly or indirectly in entities that Mr. Gabelli either controls or for which he acts as chief investment officer
 including 345
000 shares (1.5%) owned by GAMCO Asset Management Inc.
 370
503 shares (1.6%) owned by Gabelli Funds
 LLC and 510
000 shares (2.2%) owned by Teton Advisors
Based on a Schedule 13G filed by Mr. Nolan with the SEC on January 13
As of April&#160;9
 2021
 Cede &amp; Co. held of record 19
107
920 shares of our common stock (approximately 82.2% of our total common stock outstanding). Cede &amp; Co. held such shares as a nominee for broker-dealer members of The Depository Trust Company
As described herein
 our common stock is subject to transfer restrictions that are designed to reduce the possibility that certain changes in ownership could result in limitations on the use of our tax attributes. Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that generally restrict the ability of a person or entity from acquiring ownership (including through attribution under the tax law) of 5% or more of our common shares and the ability of persons or entities now owning 5% or more of our common shares from acquiring additional common shares. Stockholders (and prospective stockholders) are advised that
 under the tax law rules incorporated in these provisions
 the acquisition of even a single share of common stock may be proscribed under our certificate of incorporation
 given (among other things) the tax law ownership attribution rules as well as the tax law rules applicable to acquisitions made in coordination with or in concert with others. The restriction will remain until the earliest of (a) December 31
 2022
Item 13.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The Board has adopted a written policy for the review
The Related Person Transaction Policy applies to each director and executive officer of the Company
 any nominee for election as a director of the Company
 any security holder who is known to own of record or beneficially more than five percent of any class of the Company&#8217;s voting securities
 any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons
 and any corporation
 firm
 association or other entity in which one or more directors of the Company are directors or officers
Under the Related Person Transaction Policy
Under the Related Person Transaction Policy
 Related Persons must disclose to the Audit Committee any potential Related Person Transactions and must disclose all material facts with respect to such transaction. All Related Person Transactions will be reviewed by the Audit Committee and
 in its discretion
 approved or ratified. In determining whether to approve or ratify a Related Person Transaction
 the Audit Committee will consider the relevant facts and circumstances of the Related Person Transaction
 which may include factors such as the relationship of the Related Person with the Company
 the materiality or significance of the transaction to the Company and the Related Person
 the business purpose and reasonableness of the transaction
 whether the transaction is comparable to a transaction that could be available to the Company on an arms-length basis
From time to time
 our directors and officers may engage in purchases of our products at substantial discounts (but not below cost) as determined to be reasonable under the circumstances. Generally
The Board of Directors has determined that Messers. Cumming
 Steinberg
 Neikrug
 Carlson
Prior to formation of the Audit Committee
 the Board of Directors adopted a policy for pre-approval by the Audit Committee of all audit and non-audit work performed by the Company&#8217;s independent registered public accounting firm and has pre-approved (i) certain general categories of work where no specific case-by-case approval is necessary (&#8220;general pre-approvals&#8221;) and (ii) categories of work which require the specific pre-approval of the Audit Committee (&#8220;specific pre-approvals&#8221;). For additional services or services in an amount above the annual amount that has been pre-approved
 additional authorization from the Audit Committee is required. The Audit Committee has delegated to the Chairman of the Audit Committee the ability to pre-approve all of these services in the absence of the full committee. Any pre-approval decisions made by the Chairman of the Audit Committee under this delegated authority will be reported to the full Audit Committee. All requests for services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm that do not require specific approval by the Audit Committee must be submitted to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 who determines whether such services are in fact within the scope of those services that have received the general pre-approval of the Audit Committee. The Chief Financial Officer reports to the Audit Committee periodically
In accordance with the SEC&#8217;s definitions and rules
 Audit Fees are fees paid to our independent registered public accounting firm for professional services for the audit of the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements included in the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K
 the review of financial statements included in the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Qs
 services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
 assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements. Audit Related Fees include professional services for the audit of the Company&#8217;s 401K plan
 including compliance with regulatory matters
 consulting with respect to technical accounting and disclosure rules. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 BPM LLP
During the fiscal years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 fees paid to the Company&#8217;s independent public accountant
Year Ended December 31
418
301
10
10
429
311
Of the 2020 audit fees
 $135
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Losses for the years ended December 31
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31
We will furnish any exhibit upon request made to our Corporate Secretary
 5901 Silverado Trail
 Napa
All documents referenced below were filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by the Company
 file number 000-54866
Separation Agreement
 dated February 1
 2013
 between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (formerly known as Leucadia National Corporation) (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K
 filed on February 25
 2013 (the &#8220;February 25
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the February 25
Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the February 25
Offer Letter between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Jennifer Locke
 dated November 4
 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 7
Tax Matters Agreement dated February 1
 2013
 between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Leucadia National Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 25
Administrative Services Agreement
 dated February 1
 2013
 between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (formerly known as Leucadia National Corporation) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 25
First Amendment to Administrative Services Agreement
 dated August 1
 2013
 between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (formerly known as Leucadia National Corporation) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on August 2
Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 25
Credit Agreement dated as of March 22
 2013 among Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd.
 Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC
 Chamisal Vineyards
 LLC and Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC
 and American AgCredit
 FLCA
 as Agent for the Lenders and for itself as a Lender&#160;&#160;(filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K filed on March 28
Loan Agreement
 dated November 10
 2015 by and between Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC and American AgCredit
 FLCA (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on November 17
Term Loan Promissory Note issued by Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC
 dated November 10
 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on November 17
Guaranty
 dated November 10
 2015
 by and between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and American AgCredit
 FLCA (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on November 17
Deed of Trust
 Assignment of Rents
 Security Agreement and Fixture Filing
 dated November 10
 2015
 from Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC to Fidelity National Title Company for the benefit of American AgCredit
 FLCA (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on November 17
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated January 27
 2016
 by and between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Seven Hills Winery
 LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K filed on March 15
Loan Agreement
 dated June 29
 2017 by and between Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC and A Fine Old Building
 LLC and American AgCredit
 FLCA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8&#8211;K filed on July 3
Term Loan Promissory Note issued by Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC and A Fine Old Building
 LLC
 dated June 29
 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8&#8211;K filed on July 3
Guaranty
 dated June 29
 2017
 by and between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and American AgCredit
 FLCA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8&#8211;K filed on July 3
Trust Deed
 Assignment of Rents
 Security Agreement and Fixture Filing
 dated June 29
 2017
 from Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC to First American Title Insurance Company for the benefit of American AgCredit
 FLCA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8&#8211;K filed on July 3
Deed of Trust
 Assignment of Rents
 Security Agreement and Fixture Filing
 dated June 29
 2017
 from A Fine Old Building
 LLC to First American Title Insurance Company for the benefit of American AgCredit
 FLCA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8&#8211;K filed on July 3
Deed of Trust
 Assignment of Rents
 Security Agreement and Fixture Filing
 dated June 29
 2017
 from Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC to First American Title Insurance Company for the benefit of American AgCredit
 FLCA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8&#8211;K filed on July 3
Second Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated March 21
 2018 by and among Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC.
 Chamisal Vineyards
 LLC and Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC and American AgCredit FLCA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 27
Promissory Note
 dated April 20
 2020
 by and between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and American AgCredit
 PCA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 4
Offer Letter and Termination Agreement between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Karen L. Diepholz
 dated May 31
 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on August 8
Offer Letter and Termination Agreement between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Nicolas M.E. Quill&#233;
 dated March 14
 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-K filed on March 12
Consulting Agreement between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Craig Williams
 dated June 1
 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-K filed on March 12
Severance Agreement between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Patrick DeLong
 dated June 9
 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K
 filed on June 11
Severance Agreement between Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and Michael Cekay
 dated February 6
 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 7
List of Subsidiaries of Crimson Wine Group
Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. for the year ended December 31
 2020
 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
The cover page from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. for the year ended December 31
 2020
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
CRIMSON WINE GROUP
April 13
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
April 13
April 13
April 13
April 13
April 13
April 13
April 13
April 13
April 13
Stockholders of Crimson Wine Group
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December&#160;31
 2020
 and 2019
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive (loss) income
 changes in equity
 and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December&#160;31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December&#160;31
 2020
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
As discussed in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements
 inventory consists mainly of bulk and bottled wine and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 with cost being determined on the first-in
 first-out basis.  Costs associated with winemaking and manufacturing products for sale include costs incurred directly and indirectly in production which includes material
 labor and an allocation of overhead. As required
 the Company reduces the carrying value of inventory that is obsolete or in excess of estimated usage
 or for which cost exceeds sales price
 to estimated net realizable value. Estimates of net realizable value include the Company&#8217;s analysis of market prices
 historical usage
 anticipated demand
 alternative uses of its inventory
 as well as other qualitative factors. Adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value
 if required
 are charged to cost of sales. Inventory
 net of write-downs of $6.4 million and $2.0 million
 respectively
 was $57.6 million and $69.5 million as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of inventory and net realizable value adjustments to inventory is a critical audit matter are the significant amount of judgement by management in developing the assumptions of the forecasted changes in demand
 product pricing
 physical deterioration and quality issues
which in turn led to significant auditor judgement
 subjectivity
The primary procedures we performed to address the critical audit matter included the following: obtaining an understanding of the Company&#8217;s inventory write-down review process
 including the assumptions and data underlying the valuation of excess and obsolete inventory
 including inventory for which cost exceeds sales price
 testing management&#8217;s process for developing the estimates of the adjustments for inventory
 testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the estimates
 and evaluating management&#8217;s assumptions of forecasted product demand
 which are affected by market and economic conditions outside the Company&#8217;s control. Evaluating management&#8217;s estimates for reasonableness involved considering historical sales by product
Santa Rosa
April&#160;13
CRIMSON WINE GROUP
(In thousands
December 31
December 31
29
12
8
10
Accounts receivable
7
10
57
69
2
1
2
106
106
Property and equipment
113
119
1
1
Intangible assets and other non-current assets
9
10
124
131
230
238
9
10
Current portion of long-term debt
3
1
13
11
Long-term debt
21
21
Deferred tax liability
3
21
24
34
36
Common shares
 per share
150
000
23
243
shares issued and outstanding at December 31
277
277
82
75
195
201
230
238
CRIMSON WINE GROUP
(In thousands
Year ended December 31
64
67
44
42
19
25
14
17
11
11
25
29
1
1
2
8
7
Interest expense
1
1
Other income
Total other expense
9
7
3
2
6
5
23
23
CRIMSON WINE GROUP
Year ended December 31
6
5
Net unrealized holding gains on investments arising during the period
6
5
CRIMSON WINE GROUP
Year ended December 31
6
5
6
7
1
1
6
2
1
1
2
2
1
2
2
5
2
2
2
13
3
8
10
10
19
3
5
1
4
3
1
1
3
2
4
16
3
12
9
29
12
Interest
1
1
Income tax payments
Unrealized holding gains on investments
CRIMSON WINE GROUP
(In thousands
Balance
 December 31
23
714
277
66
211
5
5
470
3
3
Balance
 December 31
23
243
277
75
201
6
6
Balance
 December 31
23
243
277
82
195
CRIMSON WINE GROUP
Crimson is in the business of producing and selling luxury wines (i.e.
&#160;per 750ml bottle). Crimson is headquartered in Napa
 primary wine estates and brands: Pine Ridge Vineyards
 Archery Summit
 Chamisal Vineyards
 Seghesio Family Vineyards
 Double Canyon
 Seven Hills Winery
 acres
 acres
 Napa Valley
 California appellations &#8211; Stags Leap District
 Rutherford
 Oakville
 acres of estate vineyards in the Willamette Valley
Double Canyon vineyard land was acquired in 2005 and is located in the Horse Heaven Hills of Washington&#8217;s Columbia Valley. In September 2017


As part of our strategic initiatives targeted at supply chain management
 acres of vineyards in the Edna Valley
 California
 Sonoma County
 California appellations
 the Alexander Valley and Russian River Valley
Seven Hills Winery
 which has been conducting operations since 1988
 was acquired in January 2016 and is located in Walla Walla
 Washington. The Company also purchased land
 acres of vineyards and apple orchards
 Airstream travel trailers
 one of which serves as its home and wine experience in the Edna Valley
Crimson&#8217;s revenue model is a combination of direct to consumer and wholesale distributor sales. The Company&#8217;s wines are available through many principal retail channels for premium table wines
 including fine wine restaurants
 hotels
 specialty shops
 supermarkets and club stores
 countries throughout the world. References to cases of wine herein refer to nine-liter equivalent cases. In addition
 Crimson&#8217;s wines are available
 where legal
Critical Accounting Estimates: The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 the Company evaluates all of these estimates and assumptions. The following areas have been identified as critical accounting estimates because they have the potential to have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements
 and because they are based on assumptions which are used in the accounting records to reflect
 at a specific point in time
&#8211; Inventory consists of mainly bulk and bottled wine and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 with cost being determined on the first-in
 first-out method. Costs associated with winemaking
 and other costs associated with the manufacturing of products for resale
 are recorded as inventory. In accordance with general practice within the wine industry
wine inventories are included in current assets
 although a portion of such inventories may be aged for periods longer than one year. As required
 the Company reduces the carrying value of inventories that are obsolete or in excess of estimated usage to estimated net realizable value. The Company&#8217;s estimates of net realizable value are based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 future demand and market requirements. Reductions to the carrying value of inventories are recorded in cost of sales. If future demand and/or pricing for the Company&#8217;s products are less than previously estimated
 then the carrying value of the inventories may be required to be reduced
 million were recorded during the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
In a strategic effort to maximize asset utilization in 2019
 the Company increased focus on supply chain management. The Company reduced planned production in an effort to re-align supply with changes in forecasted demand. In the third quarter of 2019
% of total projected bulk wine sale losses. As a result of this change in estimate
 million
 &#8211; The Company capitalizes internal vineyard development costs when developing new vineyards or replacing or improving existing vineyards. These costs consist primarily of the costs of the vines and expenditures related to labor and materials to prepare the land and construct vine trellises. Amortization of such costs is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic useful life of the vineyard
 years. As circumstances warrant
 the Company re-evaluates the recoverability of capitalized costs

 &#8211; For intangible assets with definite lives
 impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill
 impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. Other than goodwill
 the Company currently has no intangible assets with indefinite lives. All of the Company&#8217;s goodwill and substantially all definite-lived intangible assets resulted from the acquisitions of Seghesio Family Vineyards in May 2011 and Seven Hills Winery in January 2016. Amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 years. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the end of each year or more often if a triggering event occurs
The Company evaluates long-lived assets
 including definite-lived intangible assets
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets consist primarily of property and equipment and intangible assets with definite lives. Circumstances that might cause the Company to evaluate its long-lived assets for impairment could include a significant decline in the prices the Company or the industry can charge for its products
 which could be caused by general economic or other factors
 changes in laws or regulations that make it difficult or more costly for the Company to distribute its products to its markets at prices which generate adequate returns
 natural disasters
Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured using a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to the fair value or future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired

 2020 and 2019
 million
 respectively
 to write-down the carrying value of a portion of construction in progress expenses no longer viable to the long-term project related to renovations of tasting rooms
 right-of-use lease asset related to the relocation of our administrative offices
&#8211; The Company pays depletion allowances to its distributors based on their sales to their customers. These allowances are estimated on a monthly basis by the Company
 and allowances are accrued as a reduction of sales. Subsequently
 distributors will bill the Company for actual depletions
Consolidation policy:&#160;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period consolidated statement of cash flows to conform to the current period presentation.  The reclassifications had no impact on previously reported net income
Cash and cash equivalents:&#160;The Company considers short-term investments
 which have maturities of less than three months at the time of acquisition
 short-term investments considered to be cash and cash equivalents at December&#160;31
Financial instruments and fair value: Investments available for sale include a U.S. Treasury Note and Certificates of Deposit at December&#160;31
 2020 and&#160;2019. All of the Company&#8217;s available for sale securities are classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 (see &#8216;Fair value&#160;hierarchy&#8217; section below) and are recorded at fair value. Available for sale securities that mature greater than 12 months from original investment are recorded as short-term because the securities represent the investment of funds that are available for current operations. Net unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 on available for sale securities are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized losses that are considered other than temporary are recorded in other income (expense)
 net
 other than temporary losses were recorded during the two year period ended December&#160;31
Fair value hierarchy: In determining fair value
Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The nature of these financial instruments include cash instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 derivative instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data
 and instruments that are fair valued using other financial instruments
Instruments that have little to no pricing observability at the reported date. These financial instruments are measured using management&#8217;s best estimate of fair value
Financial instruments are valued at quoted market prices
 if available. Certain financial instruments have bid and ask prices that can be observed in the marketplace. For financial instruments whose inputs are based on bid-ask prices
 the financial instrument is valued at the point within the bid-ask range that meets the Company&#8217;s best estimate of fair value. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current at the measurement date. For financial instruments that do not have readily determinable fair values using quoted market prices
 the determination of fair value is based upon consideration of available information
 including types of financial instruments
 current financial information
 restrictions on dispositions
The valuation of financial instruments may include the use of valuation models and other techniques. Adjustments to valuations derived from valuation models may be made when
 in management&#8217;s judgment
 features of the financial instrument such as its complexity
 the market in which the financial instrument is traded and risk uncertainties about market conditions require that an adjustment be made to the value derived from the models. Adjustments from the price derived from a valuation model reflect management&#8217;s judgment that other participants in the market for the financial instrument being measured at fair value would also consider in valuing that same financial instrument. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market
The availability of observable inputs can vary and is affected by a wide variety of factors
 including
 for example
from period to period
 million at December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Interest is not accrued on past-due amounts. Accounts are charged against the allowance to bad debt as they are deemed uncollectable based upon a periodic review of the accounts. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers several factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#8217;s historical payment history
 During the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
Loan fees: Fees incurred with the issuance of the Company&#8217;s debt are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a reduction to associated debt balances
 During the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
%
%
%
%
% of net accounts receivable as of December&#160;31
 2020. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
% of net accounts receivable as of December&#160;31
The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts that
 at times
Revenue recognition:&#160;Revenue is recognized once performance obligations under the terms of the Company&#8217;s contracts with its customers have been satisfied; this occurs at a point in time when control of the promised product or service is transferred to customers. Generally
 the majority of the Company&#8217;s contracts with its customers have a single performance obligation and are short term in nature. Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill its promise to transfer the associated products. Accordingly
 the Company records amounts billed for shipping and handling costs as a component of net sales
 and classifies such costs as a component of costs of sales. The Company&#8217;s products are generally not sold with a right of return unless the product is spoiled or damaged. Historically
For additional information on the Company's revenue recognition policies
(j)&#160;Cost of sales:&#160;Includes grape
 juice and bulk wine costs
 whether purchased or grown
 crush costs
 winemaking and processing costs
 bottling
 packaging
 warehousing
 property costs
 and shipping and handling costs. For vineyard produced grapes
 grape costs include annual farming costs and depreciation of vineyard development expenditures. For wines that age longer than one year
 winemaking and processing costs continue to be incurred and capitalized to the cost of wine
Taxes not on income:&#160;Excise taxes are levied by government agencies on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 million in the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
Website and internal-use software costs: The Company capitalizes certain qualifying costs incurred in the acquisition and development of software for internal use
 including the costs of the software
 materials
 consultants and payroll and payroll-related costs for employees during the application development stage. Internal and external costs incurred during the preliminary project stage and post implementation-operation stage
 mainly training and maintenance costs
 are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred for enhancements that are expected to result in additional material functionality are capitalized. Once the application is substantially complete and ready for its intended use
Business combinations: Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition method of accounting requires an acquirer to record the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. To determine the fair values
 the Company utilizes third parties for certain valuations
 such as appraisals
 or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. During the measurement period
 the Company records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. After the measurement period
 which could be up to one year after the acquisition date
Income taxes: Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method
Net tax assets are recorded to the extent the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such determination
 the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence
 including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
The Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits; however
 if it did
Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2019-12
January 1
 2021
ASU 2017-04
January 1
ASU 2018-13
Improves the disclosures related to fair value by removing
January 1
ASU 2018-15
January 1
Revenue is recognized once performance obligations under the terms of the Company&#8217;s contracts with its customers have been satisfied; this occurs at a point in time when control of the promised product or service is transferred to customers. Generally
 the majority of the Company&#8217;s contracts with its customers have a single performance obligation and are short term in nature. Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill its promise to transfer the associated products. Accordingly
 the Company records amounts billed for shipping and handling costs as a component of net sales
 and classifies such costs as a component of costs of sales. The Company&#8217;s products are generally not sold with a right of return unless the product is spoiled or damaged. Historically
 days. The Company pays depletion allowances to its wholesale distributors based on their sales to their customers. The Company estimates these depletion allowances and records such estimates in the same period the related revenue is recognized
 resulting in a reduction of wholesale product revenue and the establishment of a current liability. Subsequently
 wholesale distributors will bill the Company for actual depletions
The Company sells its wine and other merchandise directly to consumers through wine club memberships
Wine club membership sales are made under contracts with customers
From time to time
&#160;the Company sells grapes or bulk wine because the wine does not meet the quality standards for&#160;the Company&#8217;s products
 market conditions have changed resulting in reduced demand for certain products
 or because&#160;the Company&#160;may have produced more of a particular varietal than it can use. Grape and bulk sales are made under contracts with customers which include product specification requirements
upfront payment upon signing of the sales agreement. The Company transfers control and recognizes revenue for grape sales when product specification has been met and title to the grapes has transferred
 which is generally on the date the grapes are harvested
The Company provides custom winemaking services at Double Canyon&#8217;s state-of-the-art winemaking facility (&#8220;Washington Winemaking Facility&#8221;). Custom winemaking services are made under contracts with customers which include specific protocols
 pricing
Other revenue also includes tasting fees and retail sales
Refer to Note 14 &#8220;Business Segment Information
&#8221; for revenue by sales channel amounts for the years ended December&#160;31
When the Company receives payments from customers prior to transferring goods or services under the terms of a contract
 the Company records deferred revenue
 which it classifies as customer deposits on its consolidated balance sheets
The following tables reflect changes in the contract liability balance during the years ended December&#160;31
Outstanding at December 31
32
32
Outstanding at December 31
Outstanding at December 31
50
50
Outstanding at December 31
Revenue recognized during the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 which was included in the opening contract liability balances for those periods
 consisted primarily of wine club revenue
Accounts receivable are reported at net realizable value. Credit is extended based upon an evaluation of the customer&#8217;s financial condition. Accounts are charged against the allowance to bad debt as they are deemed uncollectable based upon a periodic review of the accounts. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers several factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#8217;s historical payment history
 million at December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
During 2018
 million were incurred in the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 million employee related costs
 million of asset impairment charges associated with leasehold improvements under the terminated vineyard operating lease agreement
 million of other restructuring costs associated with departmental reorganization activities. The fair value of impaired leasehold improvements was determined using the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. The Company&#8217;s restructuring activities under the 2018 Restructuring Program were substantially complete as of March 31
During 2020
 the Company committed to various restructuring activities (the &#8220;2020 Restructuring Program&#8221;) including the closure of the Double Canyon Vineyards tasting room
 restructuring of management
 changes in sales
 marketing
 and Direct to Consumer organizational structure
 and transitioning of information technology services and export fulfillment to outsourced support models. For the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 million of restructuring charges
 million employee related costs
 million of asset impairment charges associated with the tasting room assets upon closure
 of other restructuring costs associated with departmental reorganization activities. The Company&#8217;s restructuring activities under the 2020 Restructuring Program were substantially complete as of September 30
 million during the year ended December&#160;31
 million at December&#160;31
A roll forward of the liability recognized for employee related restructuring activities as of December&#160;31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
1
1
A summary of inventory at December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
34
38
21
30
1
57
69
A summary of property and equipment at December&#160;31
 2020&#160;and 2019 and depreciation and amortization for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and&#160;2019
December 31
December 31
44
44
59
59
35
42
Vineyards
33
32
5
5
2
3
2
2
183
191
69
71
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Total property and equipment
113
119
Year ended December 31
5
5
1
1
6
7
During 2018
 acres of fallow apple orchards in Umatilla County
 million from property and equipment to assets held for sale. In the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019
 million to write-down the carrying value of the fallow apple orchards to fair value less cost to sell. In March 2021
 million. In accordance with ASC 360-10
 this subsequent event revealed evidence of fair value and conditions existing as of the balance sheet date
 December&#160;31
 2020. Subsequently
 for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2020
 million to write-down the carrying value of the fallow apple orchards to fair value less cost to sell. The impairment charges were recorded to other income (expense)
During the second quarter of 2019
 acres of land in Benson County
 Washington
 acres of fallow land
&#160;million from property and equipment to assets held for sale. In October 2019
&#160;million to write-down the carrying value to the price in the sales agreement less cost to sell. In the third quarter of 2019
 the impairment charge was recorded to loss from operations
In the third quarter of 2019
 acres of land in Klickitat County
 Washington
 acres were planted with wine grapes
 for sale. As part of the process to determine the sale price of the property
 the Company obtained an appraisal of the property in the second quarter of 2019. As a result
&#160;million in the third quarter of 2019 due to the write-down of in progress vineyard development. These impairments were recorded to loss from operations
 million from property and equipment to assets held for sale related to the vineyard as of September 30
 2019. In November 2019
&#160;million to write-down the carrying value to the price in the sales agreement less cost to sell. These impairment charges were recorded to loss from operations
In the fourth quarter of 2020
As of December&#160;31
 2020
The Company&#8217;s material financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
The par value
 amortized cost
 gross unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value of investments classified as available for sale as of December&#160;31
 2020 and December&#160;31
December 31
8
8
8
8
December 31
10
10
10
10
 million&#160;as of December&#160;31
As of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 other than the assets and liabilities related to Seven Hills Winery acquired in 2016
 the Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.&#160;For cash and cash equivalents
 the carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their fair values. For short-term debt
 the carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their fair values. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 million
 based upon discounted cash flows with Level 3 inputs
 such as the terms that management believes would currently be available to the Company for similar issues of debt
 taking into account the current credit risk of the Company and other factors.&#160;Level 3 inputs include market rates obtained from American AgCredit
 FLCA (&#8220;Lender&#8221;) as of December&#160;31
%
%
% for the 2015 Term Loan
 2017 Term Loan
 and 2020 PPP Term Loan respectively
 as further discussed in Note 10
A summary of intangible and other non-current assets at December&#160;31
 2020&#160;and 2019
 and amortization expense for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
December 31
December 31
18
10
7
18
8
9
2
1
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
23
14
8
23
12
10
Total intangible and other non-current assets
9
10
December 31
1
1
The estimated aggregate future amortization of intangible assets as of December&#160;31
1
1
1
1
1
2
8
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
4
5
1
2
1
1
Operating lease liability
9
10
In March 2013
 million&#160;revolving credit facility (the &#8220;2013 Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) with American AgCredit
 FLCA
 as agent for the lenders identified in the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility
 comprised of a revolving loan facility (the &#8220;Revolving Loan&#8221;) and a term revolving loan facility (the &#8220;Term Revolving Loan&#8221;)
 which together are secured by substantially all of Crimson&#8217;s assets. In March 2018
 Crimson and its subsidiaries entered into the second amendment to the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility with American AgCredit
 FLCA (the &#8220;Second Amendment&#8221;). The Second Amendment modified certain provisions of the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility
 including
 among other things
 extending the Revolving Loan and Term Revolving Loan termination dates to March 31
 2023
 extending the Term Revolving Loan conversion date to March 31
 2023 and extending the Term Revolving Loan maturity date to March 31
 term
 term. All obligations of Crimson under the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility are collateralized by certain real property
 including vineyards and certain winery facilities of Crimson
 accounts receivable
%
 rates for the borrowings are priced based on a performance grid tied to certain financial ratios and the London Interbank Offered Rate.&#160;The 2013 Revolving Credit Facility can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes. Covenants include the maintenance of specified debt and equity ratios
 limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness
 limitations on dividends and other distributions to shareholders and restrictions on certain mergers
Details of the Company&#8217;s debt as of December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
12
12
12
13
October 1
7
8
8
8
July 1
2
1
3
April 1
3
21
24
1
21
22
Total debt
3
21
24
1
21
22
(i) On November 10
 2015
&#160;Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC&#160;(&#8220;PRW Borrower&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of&#160;Crimson
&#160;entered into a senior secured term loan agreement (the &#8220;2015 Term Loan&#8221;) with American AgCredit
The 2015 Term Loan will mature on October 1
 2040 (the 2015 Term Loan Maturity Date). On the first day of each January
 April
 July and October
 commencing January 1
 2016


 million&#160;related to the 2015 Term Loan. These costs are recorded&#160;as a reduction from short-term or long-term debt based on the timeframe in which the fees will be expensed
 and as such
 million was drawn at closing and the&#160;2015 Term Loan&#160;can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes.&#160;As of December&#160;31
 2020
 million in principal was outstanding on the 2015 Term Loan
(ii) On June 29
 2017
 Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC&#160;(the &#8220;DCV Borrower&#8221; and
 individually and collectively with the PRW Borrower
 &#8220;Borrower&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crimson
The 2017 Term Loan will mature on July 1
 2037 (the 2017 Loan Maturity Date). On the first day of each January
 April
 July and October
 commencing October 1
 2017


 million was drawn at closing and the 2017 Term Loan can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 million in principal was outstanding on the 2017 Term Loan
Borrower&#8217;s&#160;obligations under the&#160;2015 Term Loan and 2017 Term Loan&#160;are&#160;guaranteed by the Company.&#160;All&#160;obligations of&#160;Borrower&#160;under the&#160;2015 Term Loan and 2017 Term Loan&#160;are collateralized by certain real property of the Company.&#160;Borrower&#8217;s covenants include the maintenance of a specified debt service coverage ratio&#160;and certain customary affirmative and negative covenants
 including limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness; limitations on distributions to shareholders; and restrictions on certain investments
(iii) In March 2020
 in light of the global outbreak of the COVID-19 virus
 Congress passed the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security (&#8220;CARES&#8221;) Act. The CARES Act included a small business stimulus program called the Paycheck Protection Program (&#8220;PPP&#8221;)
 which is intended to provide loans to qualified businesses to
 as originally implemented
 support eight weeks of payroll and other identified costs. PPP loans are eligible for partial or full forgiveness. On June 3
 2020
 Congress passed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act of 2020 which
 among other things
In April 2020
 million PPP loan. Under the CARES Act
 the loan is eligible for forgiveness for the portion used to cover payroll costs and other specified non-payroll costs
 including interest on mortgage obligations
% of the forgiven amount) over an eight-week or 24-week period after the loan is made if employee and compensation levels are maintained. The Company intends to apply for forgiveness of amounts received under the PPP in accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act
 as amended. Any loan amounts forgiven will be removed from liabilities recorded. While the Company used the proceeds of the PPP Loan only for permissible purposes
 there can be no assurance that it will be eligible for forgiveness of the PPP Loan
On April 22
 2020
% per annum. If all or a portion of the 2020 PPP Term Loan is not forgiven
The 2020 PPP Term Loan will mature on April 1
 2022 (the &#8220;2020 Loan Maturity Date&#8221;). Based on the current terms of the loan
 there are two scenarios of payment. The first scenario calls for the payments on the loan to commence on the first day of the month following the date on which the Lender receives the applicable forgiveness amount
 if any
 from the Small Business Administration (&#8220;SBA&#8221;)
 if a balance on the loan remains after the forgiveness amount has been applied. If all obligations under the loan are forgiven by the SBA
 no payments will be required. The second scenario applies if Crimson fails to timely apply for forgiveness of the 2020 PPP Term Loan. In this second scenario
 the payments on the loan will commence on the first day of the month that is 10 months after the end of the eight-week period following the date of loan origination
 April 22
 2020. Crimson is required to make payments of equal monthly principal and interest based on the Adjusted Loan Balance. A final payment of all unpaid principal
payable on the 2020 Loan Maturity Date. The amortization period of equal monthly principal and interest will be adjusted based on which payment scenario is triggered. While the loan currently has a two-year maturity
 million was drawn at closing and the 2020 PPP Term Loan can be used for the purposes authorized and approved in the CARES Act. As of December&#160;31
 2020
On December 22
 2020
 the Company concluded that its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of the year ending December 31
 2020 and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019 can no longer be relied upon as the result of material accounting errors identified by management. As a result
 as of December&#160;31
 2020
 this constituted a breach of covenants in the Company&#8217;s credit and loan agreements as a result of the untimely delivery of accurate consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. On March 17
 2021
 the Lender provided the Company a waiver for the aforementioned breach of covenants with the understanding that restated covenant certificates will be submitted on or before April 30
Other than what is discussed above
 the Company&#160;was&#160;in&#160;compliance with all debt covenants related to financial ratios
 limitations and restrictions as of December&#160;31
A summary of debt maturities as of December&#160;31
3
2
1
1
1
15
24
In December 2018
 million of outstanding common stock. Under the 2019 Winter Repurchase Program
 any repurchased shares were constructively retired. On April 30
 2019
 the 2019 Winter Repurchase Program was completed. Under the total 2019 Winter Repurchase Program

In September 2019
 million of outstanding common stock. Under the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program
 any repurchased shares are constructively retired. On December 12
 2019
 the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program was completed. Under the total 2019 Summer Repurchase Program

15
000
In February 2013
 the Company adopted the 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan

000

 including vesting and performance criteria
 if any
In December 2019

000
 expire in 


 the grant date fair value
 which will be recorded over the vesting period. Estimates of share-based compensation expense require a number of complex and subjective assumptions
valuation model
 with the following assumptions and values: stock price volatility
%; employee exercise patterns and expected life
 years; dividend yield
%; and risk-free interest rate
89
89
17
As of December&#160;31
 2020


On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. enacted tax legislation the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (Public Law 115-97
 &#8220;TCJA&#8221; or &#8220;tax reform&#8221; or Tax Act)
 which significantly revised the U.S. tax code by
 among other things
 lowering the corporate income tax rate from 34% to 21%
 limiting the deductibility of interest expense
 implementing full cost recovery
 and imposing further limitations on meals and entertainment. We reasonably estimated the effects of the Tax Act and recorded provisional amounts in our financial statements as of December 31
 million as a result of revaluing our net deferred tax liability. In 2018 and 2019
The provision (benefit) for income taxes for years ended December&#160;31
1
1
2
1
3
2
The Company's income tax returns are subject to examination in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. To the extent the Company has unutilized net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforwards
 the statute of limitations does not begin to run until the NOL carryforwards are utilized.  Therefore
 for federal and state tax purposes
 unrecognized tax benefits
 and it is not reasonably possible to estimate the amount by which that could increase in the next twelve months since the timing of examinations
 if any
The principal components of deferred taxes at December&#160;31
2
1
1
4
1
7
4
6
6
1
1
7
8
Net deferred tax liability
3
As of December&#160;31
 2020
15
29
Under certain circumstances
 the ability to use the NOL carryforwards and credits could be substantially reduced if certain changes in ownership were to occur. In order to reduce this possibility
On June 29
 2020
 California signed AB 85 suspending California NOL utilization for tax year 2020
 2021 and 2022 for corporations with net business income of $1 million or more. In the event the Company is precluded from utilizing its NOLs during such years
1
1
Other
3
2
% of a participant&#8217;s salary deferral
 million for each of the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;operating segments
 Wholesale net sales and Direct to Consumer net sales
&#160;which are reportable segments for financial statement reporting purposes
 based upon their different distribution channels
 margins and selling strategies. Wholesale net sales include all sales through a third party where prices are given at a wholesale rate
 whereas Direct to Consumer net sales include retail sales in the tasting room
 remote sites and on-site events
 wine club net sales
 direct phone sales
 segments reflect how the Company&#8217;s operations are evaluated by senior management and the structure of its internal financial reporting. The Company evaluates performance based on the gross profit of the respective business segments. Selling expenses that can be directly attributable to the segment are&#160;allocated accordingly. However
 centralized selling expenses and general and administrative expenses are not allocated between operating segments. Therefore
 net income information for the respective segments is not available. Based on the nature of the Company&#8217;s business
 revenue generating assets are utilized across segments. Therefore
The following table outlines the net sales
 cost of sales
 gross profit (loss)
 directly attributable selling expenses and operating income (loss) for the&#160;Company&#8217;s reportable&#160;segments for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 and also includes a reconciliation of consolidated income (loss) from operations. Other/Non-allocable net sales and gross profit include bulk wine and grape sales
Year Ended December 31
33
33
26
26
3
7
64
67
22
22
10
8
11
10
44
42
11
10
16
17
7
3
19
25
5
6
6
7
3
4
14
17
11
11
11
11
5
6
6
7
14
15
25
29
1
1
1
2
1
2
6
3
10
10
25
21
8
7
The Company has leased retail and office space and has entered into various other agreements in conducting its business. At inception
 the Company determines whether an agreement represents a lease
 and at commencement the Company evaluates each lease agreement to determine whether the lease is an operating or financing lease. Some of the Company&#8217;s lease agreements have contained renewal options
Pursuant to ASU 2016-02
 all of the Company&#8217;s leases outstanding on January 1
 2019 continued to be classified as operating leases. With the adoption of ASU 2016-02
 the Company recorded an operating lease right-of-use asset and an operating lease liability on its consolidated balance sheet beginning January 1
 2019. Right-of-use lease assets represent the Company&#8217;s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and the lease obligation represents the Company&#8217;s commitment to make the lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use lease assets and obligations are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. As the Company&#8217;s leases do not provide an implicit rate
 the Company has used an estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The right-of-use lease asset includes any lease payments made prior to commencement and excludes any lease incentives. The lease term may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term
 subject to any changes in the lease or expectation regarding the terms. Variable lease costs such as common area costs and property taxes are expensed as incurred. For all lease agreements
 the Company combines lease and non-lease components
During the fourth quarter of 2020
 the Company completed the relocation of its administrative offices from the leased location at 2700 Napa Valley Corporate Drive
 Suite B
 Napa
 California 94558 to its wholly-owned winery
 Pine Ridge Vineyards
 located at 5901 Silverado Trail
 Napa
 CA 94558. As a result
 the Company recorded a full impairment of the carrying value of the associated right-of-use lease asset component as of December&#160;31
 2020. The lease obligations remained on the balance sheet as of December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
 million for each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Of the bases rent expense for each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 million relates to the lease liability referred to in this footnote for the years December&#160;31
 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
4
3
1
1
13
 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
The Company and its subsidiaries may become parties to legal proceedings that are considered to be either ordinary
 routine litigation incidental to their business or not significant to the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position or liquidity.  The Company does not believe that there is any pending litigation that could have a significant adverse impact on its consolidated financial position
In October 2017
 significant wildfires broke out in Napa
 Sonoma
 of the Company&#8217;s properties
 Pine Ridge Vineyards and Seghesio Family Vineyards
 were temporarily impacted due to these wildfires and then resumed shortly thereafter. At the time of the wildfires
 both properties had already harvested substantially all of their 2017 estate grapes. Certain inventory on hand was impacted by power losses and smoke damage which was covered under existing insurance policies. During 2018
 million was included in other income
 net. In October 2019 and August 2020
 million
 respectively
 from insurance proceeds related to the October 2017 wildfires. The Company recorded both of the proceeds amounts in other income
In August and September 2020
 a series of major wildfires broke out in regions across the Western United States
 including Napa and Sonoma counties in California
 as well as Umatilla and Yamhill Counties in Oregon
 where the Company has Direct to Consumer tasting rooms
 farming operations
 and wine-making facilities. Operations at some of the Company&#8217;s properties were impacted by smoke which caused damage to grapes at the vineyard properties and traffic reduction at the Company&#8217;s tasting rooms. In order to assess grape inventory losses
 million in inventory losses for the 2020 vintage for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2020. The Company was careful and selective in its evaluations of grape inventory for smoke taint damages in order to maintain its high standards for quality of wine. Some of the inventory losses and smoke damage to grapes are partially covered under existing crop insurance policies for which the Company currently has open claims pending. Although the Company anticipates settlements of insurance proceeds from the Company&#8217;s insurance policies
In March 2020
 the coronavirus disease (&#8220;COVID-19&#8221;) outbreak was declared a national public health emergency which continues to affect the world and has adversely impacted global activity and contributed to significant economic declines and volatility in financial markets. The outbreak could have a continued material adverse impact on economic and market conditions and be followed by a period of global economic slowdown. The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate material adverse impact of the coronavirus outbreak. The outbreak has adversely impacted the Company&#8217;s tasting room visitations
 On-Premise business
 and special events. The outbreak presents uncertainty and risk with respect to the Company
As of March 16
 2020
 with the exception of key operations personnel
 the Company has shifted its home office staff to remote workstations
On March 16
 2020
 the Company temporarily closed all of its tasting rooms
 which are located in California
 Oregon
 and Washington
 in compliance with shelter-in-place orders issued by local government offices. Following months of closures
 each of the aforementioned states issued reopening guidelines and metrics that counties must achieve prior to business reopening. After remaining closed for nearly all of the second quarter and complying with reopening guidelines
 the Company&#8217;s tasting rooms reopened during June 2020 in limited capacity and operating hours
 and with additional safety measures in place. In the first several weeks of July 2020
 businesses located in several Northern California counties were required to shut down indoor dining and winery tasting rooms. In late July 2020
 the State of Washington required the shutdown of wineries
 regardless of whether food is served. During this period
 while the State of Oregon allowed indoor wine tastings with noted restrictions
 the Company's Oregon-based tasting room
 Archery Summit
 operated almost entirely outdoors. Although outdoor operations were allowed to resume in August
 COVID-19 containment measures and the 2020 wildfires limited the amount of traffic at the Company's tasting rooms. In mid-November 2020
 further government restrictions and shutdown orders were issued for the State of Oregon with California and Washington following suit in December 2020
All of the Company&#8217;s tasting rooms have been impacted by government orders and restrictions to significant and varying degrees at times. Much of the aforementioned restrictions or shutdowns of the operations of winery tasting rooms remain in place. Management and staff at all estate locations have taken the appropriate steps to continue accommodations for outdoor tastings
 when permitted
 to ensure the safety of all guests and staff. In addition to limiting the number of guests and requiring reservations
 the Company has implemented various measures to prevent the spread of the virus including using available forms of PPE
 assigning tasting room staff to discrete guest parties to limit contact exposure
 screening workers before they enter facilities
 practicing social distancing
 implementing COVID-19 protocols and travel guidelines
The extent of COVID-19&#8217;s impact on the Company's financials and results of operations will depend on the length of time that the pandemic continues
 the effect of governmental regulations imposed in response to the pandemic
 its effect on the demand for the Company&#8217;s products and supply chain
 and uncertainties surrounding the aforementioned. The Company cannot at this time predict the full impact of COVID-19
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the filing of this Form 10-K
 and except for the following
In March 2021
 acres of fallow apple orchards in Umatilla County
 million. For additional information
 please see Note 6
 &#8220;Property and Equipment.&#8221;












CRIMSON WINE GROUP
The following description of capital stock of Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221;
 and &#8220;our&#8221;) summarizes certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the &#8220;Certificate of Incorporation&#8221;)
 and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the &#8220;Bylaws&#8221;)
The common stock of Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. is traded in the over-the-counter market
 OTC Market
 under the symbol &#8220;CWGL.&#8221; All outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued
 fully paid
 and nonassessable. Our authorized capital stock consists of 165
000
000 (one hundred sixty-five million) shares
 consisting of (a) 150
000
000 (one hundred fifty million) shares of common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;)
 and (b) 15
000
000 (fifteen million) shares of one or more series of preferred stock
Subject to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time
 the holders of outstanding shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors
 in its discretion
Upon our dissolution
 liquidation or winding-up
 the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock
 subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights and payment of liquidation preferences
 if any
Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion
Subject to limitations prescribed by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the &#8220;DGCL&#8221;)
 our board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock in one or more series
 to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation
 powers
 preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications
 limitations or restrictions
 including
 without limitation
 voting rights (if any)
 dividend rights
 dissolution rights
 conversion rights
 exchange rights and redemption rights thereof. Our board of directors also can increase or decrease the number of shares of any series
 but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding
 without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock
 while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes
 could
 among other things
 have the effect of delaying
Provisions of the DGCL and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a tender offer
 a proxy contest or otherwise
In the event that we
 in the future
 become listed on a national securities exchange and&#47;or have more than 2
000 stockholders of record
 we would become subject to Section 203 of the DGCL
 an anti-takeover statute. In general
 Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a &#8220;business combination&#8221; with an &#8220;interested stockholder&#8221; for a period of three years following the time the person became an interested stockholder
 unless the business combination or the acquisition of shares that resulted in a stockholder becoming an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Generally
 a &#8220;business combination&#8221; includes a merger
 asset or stock sale
 or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally
 an &#8220;interested stockholder&#8221; is a person who
 together with affiliates and associates
 owns (or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own) 15% or more of a corporation&#8217;s voting stock. The existence of this provision would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the board of directors
Our Bylaws provide that the number of directors on our board of directors will be fixed exclusively by our board of directors. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock then outstanding
 newly created directorships resulting from any increase in our authorized number of directors will be filled by a majority of our board of directors then in office
 provided that a majority of the entire board of directors
 or a quorum
 is present and any vacancies in our board of directors resulting from death
 resignation
 retirement
 disqualification
 removal from office or other cause will be filled generally
 subject to the rights of certain parties
 by the majority vote of our remaining directors in office
Under our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
In order to protect our net operating loss carryforwards (&#8220;NOLs&#8221;) and other tax attributes
The benefit of a company&#8217;s existing tax loss and credit carryovers
 as well as the benefit of built-in losses
 can be reduced or eliminated under Section 382 of the Code. Section 382 limits the use of losses and other tax benefits by a company that has undergone an &#8220;ownership change
&#8221; as defined in Section 382 of the Code. Generally
 an &#8220;ownership change&#8221; occurs if one or more shareholders
 each of whom owns 5% or more in value of a company&#8217;s capital shares
 increase their aggregate percentage ownership by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of stock owned by such shareholders over the preceding three-year period. For this purpose
 all holders who each own less than 5% of a company&#8217;s capital shares are generally treated together as one 5% shareholder. In addition
 certain attribution rules
 which generally attribute ownership of shares to the ultimate beneficial owner thereof without regard to ownership by nominees
 trusts
 corporations
 partnerships or other entities and also attribute ownership between and among certain family members
 are applied in determining the level of share ownership of a particular shareholder. Options (including warrants and other rights) to acquire capital shares may be treated as if they had been exercised
 on an option-by-option basis
 if the issuance
 transfer or structuring of the option meets certain tests. All percentage determinations are based on the fair market value of a company&#8217;s capital shares
If an &#8220;ownership change&#8221; were to occur in respect of the company or any of its subsidiaries or subsidiary groups
 the amount of taxable income in any year (or portion of a year) subsequent to the ownership change that could be offset by NOLs or other tax attributes existing (or &#8220;built-in&#8221;) prior to such &#8220;ownership change&#8221; could not exceed an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (1) the aggregate value of the company
 the subsidiary or the subsidiary group that underwent the &#8220;ownership change&#8221; by (2) the federal long-term tax exempt rate. Because the aggregate value of the company or any of its subsidiaries
 as well as the federal long-term tax-exempt rate
 fluctuate
 it is impossible to predict with any accuracy the annual limitation upon the amount of taxable income that could be offset by such NOLs or other tax attributes (and &#8220;built-in&#8221; losses) if  an &#8220;ownership change&#8221; were to occur in the future. However
 if such limitation were to exceed the taxable income against which it otherwise would be applied for any year following an &#8220;ownership change
Our Certificate of Incorporation generally restricts until December 31
 2022 (or earlier
 in certain events) any (1) attempted transfer of our Common Stock or any other securities that would be treated as our &#8220;stock&#8221; under the applicable tax regulations (which we refer to as &#8220;Crimson Stock&#8221;) or (2) issuance of Crimson Stock by us to a target shareholder in connection with an acquisition transaction (which we refer to as an &#8220;acquisition issuance&#8221;) if any person or group of persons would become a &#8220;5% shareholder&#8221; under the tax regulations or would be treated as owning 5% or more of our Common Stock as a result of such transfer or issuance. The transfer restrictions also restrict any attempted transfer of Crimson Stock if such attempted transfer would increase the ownership percentage
 as determined under applicable tax regulations
 of any person or group of persons who is a &#8220;5% shareholder&#8221; or treated as owning 5% or more of our Common Stock. This would include
 among other things
 an attempted acquisition of Crimson Stock from an existing 5% shareholder. For these purposes
 numerous rules of attribution
 aggregation and calculation prescribed under the Code (and related regulations) will be applied in determining whether the 5% thresholds have been met and whether a group exists. The transfer restrictions may also apply to proscribe the creation or transfer of certain &#8220;options
&#8221; which are broadly defined
The transfer restrictions will restrict a shareholder&#8217;s ability to acquire additional Crimson Stock in excess of the specified limitations. Furthermore
 in the case of certain large shareholders
 the ability to dispose of Crimson Stock currently held
 or any other Crimson Stock which the shareholder may acquire
Generally
 the restriction is imposed only with respect to the number of shares of Crimson Stock
 or options with respect to Crimson Stock (the &#8220;Excess Stock&#8221;)
 purportedly transferred or otherwise deliverable in an acquisition issuance in excess of the thresholds established in the transfer restrictions. In any event
 the restriction does not prevent a valid transfer if either the transferor or the purported transferee
 in the case of a transfer
 or the company or the applicable target shareholder
 in the case of an acquisition issuance
Except for acquisition issuances
 acquisitions of Crimson Stock directly from us
 whether by way of option exercise or otherwise
 are not subject to the transfer restrictions. Consequently
 persons or entities that are able to acquire Crimson Stock directly from us
 other than in an acquisition issuance
 including our employees
 officers and directors
 may do so without application of the transfer restrictions
 irrespective of the number of shares of Crimson Stock they are acquiring. As a result
 those persons or entities dealing directly with us may be seen to receive an advantage over persons or entities who are not able to acquire Crimson Stock directly from us and
 therefore
restrictions. It should be noted
 however
 that any direct acquisitions of Crimson Stock from us first requires board approval and in granting such approval
Our board of directors has the discretion to approve a transfer or acquisition issuance of Crimson Stock that would otherwise violate the transfer restrictions. Nonetheless
directors decides to permit a transfer or acquisition issuance that would otherwise violate the transfer restrictions
 that transfer or delivery or later transfers or deliveries would
 under the tax rules
 be aggregated with other transfers or deliveries and could result in a later &#8220;ownership change&#8221; that would limit the use of the tax attributes of Crimson. The board of directors intends to consider any attempted transfer or acquisition issuance individually and determine at the time whether it is in the best interest of our company
 after consideration of any factors that the board deems relevant
&#8220;THE TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS PURSUANT TO ARTICLE IX OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF CRIMSON WINE GROUP
In accordance with the transfer restrictions
 we will not permit any of our employees or agents
 including the transfer agent
 to record any transfer or acquisition issuance of Excess Stock. As a result
 requested transfers of Crimson Stock may be delayed or refused.
 even if the transfer or acquisition issuance has been recorded by the transfer agent and new certificates issued. The purported transferee or holder of the Crimson Stock would not be entitled to any rights of shareholders with respect to the Excess Stock
 including the right to vote the Excess Stock
 or to receive dividends or distributions in liquidation in respect thereof
If an acquisition issuance would result in the delivery of Excess Stock to a target shareholder
 the company would deliver the Excess Stock to the agent instead of the target shareholder who would otherwise receive the Excess Stock in connection with the acquisition issuance (referred to as a &#8220;purported holder&#8221;). Similarly
 if our board of directors determines that a purported transfer or acquisition issuance has violated the transfer restrictions
 we will require the purported transferee or purported holder to surrender the Excess Stock
 and any dividends the purported transferee or purported holder has received on the Excess Stock
 to an agent designated by the board of directors. In each case
 the agent will then sell the Excess Stock in one or more arm&#8217;s-length transactions
 executed on the over-the-counter market or any stock exchange on which the applicable Crimson Stock is listed
 if possible
 to a buyer or buyers
 which may include us&#59; provided that nothing will require the agent to sell the Excess Stock within any specific time frame if
 in the agent&#8217;s discretion
 the sale would disrupt the market for the Crimson Stock or have an adverse effect on the value of the Crimson Stock. If the purported transferee or purported holder has sold the Excess Stock before receiving our demand to surrender the Excess Stock
 the purported transferee or purported holder generally will be required to transfer to the agent the proceeds of the sale and any distributions the purported transferee or purported holder has received on the Excess Stock. From any net sales proceeds or amounts received from a purported transferee or purported holder
 which in certain circumstances may be reduced by the agent&#8217;s expenses
or purported holder for the price paid for the Excess Stock or the fair market value of the Excess Stock as of the close of the day prior to the acquisition issuance (or the attempted transfer to the purported transferee by gift
The transfer restrictions and related provisions contained in our Bylaws may be deemed to have an &#8220;anti-takeover&#8221; effect because they restrict the ability of a person or entity
 or group of persons or entities
 from accumulating in the aggregate at least 5% of the total value of the Crimson Stock or 5% of our Common Stock and the ability of persons
Notwithstanding the restrictions
 however
 there remains a risk that certain changes in relationships among shareholders or other events will cause a change of ownership to occur under Section 382 of the Code. Further
 there can be no assurance
 in the event transfers or acquisition issuances in violation of the transfer restrictions are attempted
 that the IRS will not assert that those transfers or acquisition issuances have federal income tax significance notwithstanding the transfer restrictions. As a result
 the transfer restrictions serve to reduce
 but not necessarily eliminate
The determination of 5% shareholder status is based upon a holder&#8217;s percentage ownership
 taking into account certain rules of attribution
 of the total value of the outstanding Crimson Stock
 which currently consists of only our Common Stock. Future changes in the capitalization of Crimson may affect who will be deemed a 5% shareholder
 thereby affecting the applicability of the transfer restrictions to future transfers or acquisition issuances of Crimson Stock.











I
 Jennifer L. Locke
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Crimson Wine Group
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date&#58; April 13
 2021











I
 Karen L. Diepholz
I have reviewed this annual&#160;report on Form 10-K of Crimson Wine Group
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date&#58; April 13
 2021











PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Jennifer L. Locke
 as Chief Executive Officer of Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. (the &#34;Company&#34;) certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
the accompanying Form 10-K report for the period ending December&#160;31
 2020 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date&#58; April 13
 2021











PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Karen L. Diepholz
 as Chief Financial Officer of Crimson Wine Group
 Ltd. (the &#34;Company&#34;) certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
the accompanying Form 10-K report for the period ending December&#160;31
 2020 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date&#58; April 13
 2021
































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    

 Maturities



    

 Amortization Expense



    




    

 Liability
 Including New Contract Revenue


 Liability
 Including New Contract Revenue



    




    




    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Net of Tax





    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    

 Employer Matching Contribution



    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    

 Options
 Outstanding



    




    
    


    
    







 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    








    
    





 Other Adjustments






 Options
 Exercises in Period









    




    

 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Interest Rate



    
    


    

 Available-for-sale
 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Loss



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Work in Process



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    

 Options



    






    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    

 Cash Equivalents



    




    
    


    




    
    


    




    

 Options
 Exercisable



    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Line of Credit Arrangements




 Liability
 Noncurrent


 Liability
 Noncurrent



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Net of Tax



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Expense



    
    



 weighted-average exercise price


 weighted-average exercise price


 Options
 Outstanding



    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Net of Tax



    
    


    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Available-for-sale



    
    





 Shares









    
    


    

 Inputs



    
    


    
    




    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Available-for-sale



    

 Fair Value Assumptions









    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    
    
    


    




    







 after Allowance for Credit Loss



    












    


    
    


    
    








    






    
    
    


    
    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options



    

 Gross


 Gross









    




    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Amortization Expense



    
    
    


    




    




    

 Tax Credit Carryforwards


 Tax Credit Carryforwards



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



    

 Change in Tax Rate



    
    


    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    




    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    













 liability


 Liability



    
    








    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    










    
    


    
    


    






    
    




    
    


    

 Maturities





    


    
    








    
    
    


    




    






    




    




    

 Nondeductible Expense
 Depreciation



    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 or Both



    
    


    

 Depletion



    
    


    




    






    




    

 State and Local Income Taxes











    

 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    


    
    


    






    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    






    

 Options
 Outstanding



    
    


    




    

 Available-for-sale


 Available-for-sale



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    





 Securities
 Available-for-Sale
 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Operating Loss Carryforwards



    

 Amortization Expense









    




    




    
    



 Liability
 Current


 Liability
 Current



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    

 Not Discontinued Operation



    

 Option



    
    


    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    

 Property



    
    


    
    


    










    
    
    










    

 Unused Capacity



    

 Shares



    
    










    
    
    


    



 Options
 Exercisable



    






    
    
    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    


    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    




    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    

 Available-for-sale
 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Gain



    
    




    
    


    
    








    

 Retired
 Cost Method



    






    
    


    

 Amortization Expense



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    






    




    
    


    










    




    
    

 Depletion and Amortization



    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    











 Weighted Average Discount Rate



    
    




    

 Options
 Outstanding



    
    


    

 Options



    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Right-of-Use Asset


 Right-of-Use Asset



    
    


    




    

 Maturities









    
    
    


    

 NOL Carryback
 CARES Act


 NOL Carryback
 CARES Act



    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    










    




    
    


    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    




    

 Maturities



    












    
    
    





 Liability



    












    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    

 Inputs



    
    


    
    
    


    

 Not Part of Disposal Group



    
    


    
    








    
    


    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    

 or Both
 Loss



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Amortization Expense



    
    


    

 Plant



    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    




    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    

 Gross


 Gross



    
    
    








    
    


    




    

 Interest Rate



    

 Maturities



    

 Finished Goods






 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    







 Current



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Liability


 Liability



    

 Plant



    
    


    




    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 Shares









    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    

 Noncash Items



    
    


    




    
    


    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



    
    


    
    





 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Periodic Payment



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    

 Value



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    














    

 Options



    
    








    




    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    






    




    
    


    

 Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Liability



    
    


    

 Raw Materials and Supplies



    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    







 Excluding Capitalized Interest



    




    

 Operating Loss Carryforwards



    
    
    








    










    

 Available-for-sale



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    

 Maturities



    
    
    


    






    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    









 Noncurrent



    
    


    
    


    



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xml:lang=en-US
  xmlns=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:cwgl=http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
  xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017-01-31
  xmlns:srt=http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
  xmlns:utr=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/utr
  xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink




            


            
            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            


            
            




            


            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            



        


        




                


                




        


        


        


        


        


        


        


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTUvZnJhZzphYzliY2I2ZTc2MTU0ODM4YTU2YmRkYjA0MWI0YmRhMy90YWJsZToxZmY5MjE2ZGIzMmE0MzZlYmUyN2U4ZDNjZjE5Yjc0ZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjFmZjkyMTZkYjMyYTQzNmViZTI3ZThkM2NmMTliNzRlXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_aff08479-fbe5-46ee-b4fd-ec2cbb7277b5


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231



      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231



      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i1f90bcc315a44387a531577b521647ad_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xL2ZyYWc6MTU5MThlM2U2YmFlNGQ1YmJhNWZkYTZjZjdkNzg4MGEvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjoxNTkxOGUzZTZiYWU0ZDViYmE1ZmRhNmNmN2Q3ODgwYV80Mzk4MDQ2NTE0MTg0_d3c3f9b8-00e5-4584-adf3-9e7c8538fd81


      contextRef=ic821f3827cd04b50b7cd1b559c0f8e22_I20210409
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xL2ZyYWc6MTU5MThlM2U2YmFlNGQ1YmJhNWZkYTZjZjdkNzg4MGEvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjoxNTkxOGUzZTZiYWU0ZDViYmE1ZmRhNmNmN2Q3ODgwYV8yOTQy_d8240b6f-4a36-434b-b6ec-0e366bd4fd93


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMy0xLTEtMS0w_9135de45-7729-4857-9fda-09032269387b


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMy0zLTEtMS0w_86ad024b-e9a4-44df-8698-4787665c2871


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfNC0xLTEtMS0w_923764ac-c3a5-48be-91f3-81598b1a775a


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfNC0zLTEtMS0w_fda432ca-d7b5-4ca5-9684-8c3bd0563337


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfNS0xLTEtMS0w_a77270b4-f54d-4b86-a279-c4f703c4e86d


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfNS0zLTEtMS0w_89add5ed-cbab-474b-87c1-fe14570423f9


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfNi0xLTEtMS0w_e2714532-0ed3-46b2-b2de-93fa957e1a32


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfNi0zLTEtMS0w_1bbdc33f-78a3-4f44-81f0-e548c439ef84


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfNy0xLTEtMS0w_85e57571-1e23-473b-a00e-05fcd2bda062


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfNy0zLTEtMS0w_a420addd-2a6a-4013-a7b9-98046985c19d


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfOC0xLTEtMS0w_8cdbebaa-54d1-444f-80b7-73682a01af2f


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfOC0zLTEtMS0w_1a6313fc-8373-4e06-9d55-58548c640c36


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfOS0xLTEtMS0w_1891a4fb-270a-4a78-a619-fd78de0dc293


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfOS0zLTEtMS0w_555a9486-9d60-4ba2-a675-be49447dfbef


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTAtMS0xLTEtMA_fe25a67a-c843-4e50-96df-51fac93339c3


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTAtMy0xLTEtMA_4ede77c6-9ba6-4f2b-b52a-f8c657b25ec9


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTEtMS0xLTEtMA_08311b50-f94a-4e45-99cf-6b069bab9a16


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTEtMy0xLTEtMA_97a18546-12b2-4596-8e1a-3285cc83b403


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTItMS0xLTEtMA_9c771eea-ff61-4a31-a66a-7d0ac25f3e7a


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTItMy0xLTEtMA_44c42da7-0a6b-421a-b91f-913c9ced4afd


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTMtMS0xLTEtMA_3247d22f-ab99-4ac0-a5d9-84d5d5a39fc3


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTMtMy0xLTEtMA_8666eb92-b6c1-45b7-8101-4deb441aeacd


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTQtMS0xLTEtMA_4092055b-ef80-4974-bd1b-2482894cbc00


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTQtMy0xLTEtMA_9b15c5d0-14a8-41cf-8673-532aab68c802


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTctMS0xLTEtMA_a02e10e5-b446-4ca3-85b5-ba0297d3cd64


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTctMy0xLTEtMA_2df91fa2-e694-4b5e-a243-6c47a51c0ed3


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTgtMS0xLTEtMA_1dfb7e56-8291-430e-bf48-10131dec689e


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTgtMy0xLTEtMA_c9912f4b-a017-44d5-8f2d-db9dbcdba095


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_9e32844f-3730-4e73-a509-f631439a0940


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMTktMy0xLTEtMA_17dc3922-b757-473a-bf51-004f4b750f42


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjAtMS0xLTEtMA_b11f9a5a-8f42-4ff6-b568-0a5f19465eea


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjAtMy0xLTEtMA_d6fbb456-2d34-4043-b724-5b2c048c4afc


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjEtMS0xLTEtMA_7a513688-ed63-492a-a5fe-ab2d07060d3e


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjEtMy0xLTEtMA_b6466131-2c70-42bc-9d9b-a38f8060aae0


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjItMS0xLTEtMA_527163f3-1071-4b84-bc70-f98ee1397cb2


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjItMy0xLTEtMA_633fa4d1-784c-4328-9f29-08278c78139d


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjMtMS0xLTEtMA_16b010d2-1fdb-4ae4-b8c8-81fe787224fe


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjMtMy0xLTEtMA_3a9b5aca-41e3-4bdd-85ac-2f10e443ef47


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjQtMS0xLTEtMA_5021d6d6-0b75-4386-9c69-fb8be8f32bed


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjQtMy0xLTEtMA_434e7cb8-dcd4-4119-8700-ec85ab99077e


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjUtMS0xLTEtMA_795256fa-9b0b-4632-8fa2-68bbf3013b0c


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjUtMy0xLTEtMA_0d55f11b-ff74-4606-b17c-0cf99ccd142d


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjYtMS0xLTEtMA_7723ae7d-7995-4b54-81d8-43843fecc269
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjYtMy0xLTEtMA_429c2713-c9cd-462e-94f8-92a2cc5cfbad
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjgtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIxNzljMjVjYWRiZDQ2YTZhY2FkNGE3MjhhMjdkNmFmXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODM0MjA_35f4509a-f068-4fdd-905b-bcb20ae6ed66


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjgtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIxNzljMjVjYWRiZDQ2YTZhY2FkNGE3MjhhMjdkNmFmXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODM0MjA_d1e293e0-047c-486b-ad87-ed0d52a167e1


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjgtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIxNzljMjVjYWRiZDQ2YTZhY2FkNGE3MjhhMjdkNmFmXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODM0MzM_522bb4d0-7e67-4a22-8b3f-3c5e04160f93


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjgtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIxNzljMjVjYWRiZDQ2YTZhY2FkNGE3MjhhMjdkNmFmXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODM0MzM_cf564331-0705-4250-a533-08197f7284fc


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjgtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIxNzljMjVjYWRiZDQ2YTZhY2FkNGE3MjhhMjdkNmFmXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODM0NDU_69529cf9-afd0-4227-a4ef-2cb1a383fdd8


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjgtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIxNzljMjVjYWRiZDQ2YTZhY2FkNGE3MjhhMjdkNmFmXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODM0NDU_928a2321-cc47-4442-be13-f8e94b9b8168


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjgtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIxNzljMjVjYWRiZDQ2YTZhY2FkNGE3MjhhMjdkNmFmXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODM0NDU_959ba4e4-94eb-4d85-9f49-333600483c80


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjgtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIxNzljMjVjYWRiZDQ2YTZhY2FkNGE3MjhhMjdkNmFmXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODM0NDU_e568f958-6444-4c7b-b483-511452a3d231


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjktMS0xLTEtMA_b2195f69-70f6-4a81-88bb-e5c86fb8af04


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMjktMy0xLTEtMA_395de1d6-b8dc-40a6-b856-b1d81cdf6aac


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzAtMS0xLTEtMA_dac74851-613b-4667-ace5-ccae1fa14702


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzAtMy0xLTEtMA_1b7641b3-0da2-4cb0-9ea9-b330ca535da3


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzEtMS0xLTEtMA_c62752b6-7ad3-4b03-9f48-ff47db20a8f5


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzEtMy0xLTEtMA_cf7bf8aa-f9c8-4513-904e-d79ebf01af2d


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzItMS0xLTEtMA_807b7aec-7a81-4d98-9107-506859e77b68


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzItMy0xLTEtMA_33c526a7-c573-4025-97b9-e515201f8ac9


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzMtMS0xLTEtMA_ed406314-1183-4dde-bcf1-71231fbf74a4


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzMtMy0xLTEtMA_26783a3f-3f7c-4f1c-91cc-3ab94169b7fa


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzQtMS0xLTEtMA_588c5c09-eb51-44d2-9f7c-186ff4832aeb


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85MS9mcmFnOmRkNmFkMzU2OTM0ZjRiYzc4MTE3MWQ0OTEyNDE0YzQ5L3RhYmxlOmIxYTJlMzBhZWMzYTQyNmFiN2QyYzMzZmQ2NTUxNzNhL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjFhMmUzMGFlYzNhNDI2YWI3ZDJjMzNmZDY1NTE3M2FfMzQtMy0xLTEtMA_2399f4e3-3141-4821-b32e-b6c4f430d070


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMi0xLTEtMS0w_4bf0c05b-7752-47d3-8516-dd8d8a295be2


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMi0zLTEtMS0w_f73dbdce-6836-4f5f-8637-4ffe6c3f667d


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMy0xLTEtMS0w_552b44c6-0a82-4298-9c13-4a02e7b1d7de


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMy0zLTEtMS0w_aef3bdc6-a767-4658-8bff-c329d8e0dfff


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfNC0xLTEtMS0w_eaa10dd2-f793-46c2-b935-c9fff994ef19


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfNC0zLTEtMS0w_b8404a08-51c4-470f-8ac9-43409dcf64b8


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfNi0xLTEtMS0w_cb66e334-812f-4477-98c4-86b038057f8a


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfNi0zLTEtMS0w_654c3d64-1f19-4c9f-8b5a-6e283bb06b21


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfNy0xLTEtMS0w_9c81f9b9-1b0a-44c5-baab-ed1e6ca7604a


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfNy0zLTEtMS0w_7a15331d-041d-43ae-ae10-7452e071d770


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfOC0xLTEtMS0w_8dbae495-c12e-422e-92b1-bdc1f6979bef


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfOC0zLTEtMS0w_1667c1e7-800e-468c-a0ea-ea2143a3795d


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfOS0xLTEtMS0w_4084a028-c311-4c89-808c-613538b197aa


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfOS0zLTEtMS0w_95627e39-ef68-4d5e-a2bf-96115f47e802


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTAtMS0xLTEtMA_2c05a38c-8a2d-4306-8717-6f95c4c32cd5


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTAtMy0xLTEtMA_21bdbd40-6538-4080-b5af-7c8efc5d28b0


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTEtMS0xLTEtMA_96606673-5961-44fe-8281-5b78a6d12bf8


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTEtMy0xLTEtMA_105b69ba-25d0-4980-b5c5-7162e47f68ed


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTItMS0xLTEtMA_f4774cfd-64d0-4a7f-96e2-39450e467d95


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTItMy0xLTEtMA_f9eac00b-9253-49e8-931a-ef6c7279afad


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTQtMS0xLTEtMA_8ad86c49-4afd-4a60-9ee8-273e4faa5ff1


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTQtMy0xLTEtMA_fcf9f5fc-1b98-4fa2-bd11-b283d5d9782e


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTUtMS0xLTEtMA_c1e7c594-9848-4185-b350-b8b1548fa5cf


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTUtMy0xLTEtMA_c72221ce-7c43-48e1-9652-8eff66980506


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTYtMS0xLTEtMA_06e6cefd-727b-4652-a48f-d38d23cf37ae


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTYtMy0xLTEtMA_29690f04-a67c-4dc4-9bfd-be3b6a241e6f


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTctMS0xLTEtMA_0ee9d58d-cfd1-4022-9aba-b8ab9a3317f6


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTctMy0xLTEtMA_15d54c2c-80f7-468a-b12d-38b7775f7e76


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTgtMS0xLTEtMA_10a8dc3a-fdea-4b77-a22e-44c81fb6f9b3


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTgtMy0xLTEtMA_0933f40f-5dd1-43c1-9beb-64d624b4c642


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_8cb1b32e-572a-4444-87e4-f9dc70ebdeeb


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMTktMy0xLTEtMA_774ad338-9ce0-428f-a116-ff073e82555b


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMjAtMS0xLTEtMA_591d5291-9596-4d2b-8880-d17e26ead94c


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMjAtMy0xLTEtMA_a370f441-4fb5-4b05-8b69-e43aefc2e7f5


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMjEtMS0xLTEtMA_012a5a6e-2b96-4a48-92e4-40c4012da900


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV85Ny9mcmFnOjcyOWViZmMzODgyMTRjNzBhYTRkZWU2N2I2Nzk3OGFjL3RhYmxlOjEwMTk4YjVjNjdhYjQzZDNhMTQ1Njg2MjFhNDkwOTEzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MTAxOThiNWM2N2FiNDNkM2ExNDU2ODYyMWE0OTA5MTNfMjEtMy0xLTEtMA_b31c2467-fcc1-4fbb-b113-bd3429c476d2


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDAvZnJhZzpiNGJmZWE5NDliYmQ0M2NiODgyMDE4ZmI3Zjc3Yzc3Ni90YWJsZTo0ZDcxOGFiNGNlYWI0MGI0YjYwMDFmOTE1ZjVhYjIyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkNzE4YWI0Y2VhYjQwYjRiNjAwMWY5MTVmNWFiMjI1XzItMS0xLTEtMA_2ab97a7c-9e30-4b0b-b9b8-6277d83d3c25


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDAvZnJhZzpiNGJmZWE5NDliYmQ0M2NiODgyMDE4ZmI3Zjc3Yzc3Ni90YWJsZTo0ZDcxOGFiNGNlYWI0MGI0YjYwMDFmOTE1ZjVhYjIyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkNzE4YWI0Y2VhYjQwYjRiNjAwMWY5MTVmNWFiMjI1XzItMy0xLTEtMA_5d2ba55f-8092-4c3c-91c9-941c9b3e91f2


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDAvZnJhZzpiNGJmZWE5NDliYmQ0M2NiODgyMDE4ZmI3Zjc3Yzc3Ni90YWJsZTo0ZDcxOGFiNGNlYWI0MGI0YjYwMDFmOTE1ZjVhYjIyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkNzE4YWI0Y2VhYjQwYjRiNjAwMWY5MTVmNWFiMjI1XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_1bae369d-e306-4d8e-aabe-27e036f878d8


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDAvZnJhZzpiNGJmZWE5NDliYmQ0M2NiODgyMDE4ZmI3Zjc3Yzc3Ni90YWJsZTo0ZDcxOGFiNGNlYWI0MGI0YjYwMDFmOTE1ZjVhYjIyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkNzE4YWI0Y2VhYjQwYjRiNjAwMWY5MTVmNWFiMjI1XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_ffffc963-47ca-48ef-8c04-8c3e7325a9a7


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDAvZnJhZzpiNGJmZWE5NDliYmQ0M2NiODgyMDE4ZmI3Zjc3Yzc3Ni90YWJsZTo0ZDcxOGFiNGNlYWI0MGI0YjYwMDFmOTE1ZjVhYjIyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkNzE4YWI0Y2VhYjQwYjRiNjAwMWY5MTVmNWFiMjI1XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_3de56384-761e-409d-a6f7-086a0a65a144


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDAvZnJhZzpiNGJmZWE5NDliYmQ0M2NiODgyMDE4ZmI3Zjc3Yzc3Ni90YWJsZTo0ZDcxOGFiNGNlYWI0MGI0YjYwMDFmOTE1ZjVhYjIyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkNzE4YWI0Y2VhYjQwYjRiNjAwMWY5MTVmNWFiMjI1XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_800ddf20-d731-436d-a7af-c54e4a68adf4


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_8cb1b32e-572a-4444-87e4-f9dc70ebdeeb


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_1e7cbc60-7b21-49d6-a1af-7d5f1e740caf


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_9831c740-ae1a-4db4-8c93-0c4fdfe7f096


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_dca8704e-b760-419f-b502-744a2218b73a


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_6b6df439-2da7-4c8d-bb81-d09bbb26597a


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_30f1afaa-111b-48ce-91af-9092fc79d9b6


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzktMS0xLTEtMA_082ab36c-e1a1-4741-877e-6af842057930


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzktMy0xLTEtMA_29bcade7-3b47-4ee3-b715-087d8e097202


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzEwLTEtMS0xLTM2NDU_6af616fd-1109-48e3-805e-6e1d17ae32a2


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzEwLTMtMS0xLTM2NDk_4d080d04-c814-495f-8971-1dd33fecf81d


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzExLTEtMS0xLTM2MjI_363e45a1-5dce-4bcc-b28a-41a4cea25bd5


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzExLTMtMS0xLTM2MjI_48ca8195-6424-467e-9360-e42416265225


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_414d6207-7a0f-4b19-9fb0-426af1aca5ef


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_ccf5c9fb-83e5-42e8-a012-34618bb4de3e


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_57b5054c-8fa1-441d-91b3-064ac6e2738f


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_6e2d69d6-78d3-45f1-ac99-968e45882f24


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzE2LTEtMS0xLTA_5cb10268-2676-4682-bf70-9e0af2f9aa0f


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzE2LTMtMS0xLTA_69bde161-c2e5-493a-b2de-5ad215739ee8


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzE3LTEtMS0xLTM2NjE_3d09841c-df0a-46ef-8d5b-482570f5d26a


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzE3LTMtMS0xLTM2NjU_4202066a-c82f-4021-a7b9-f08c78000ff5


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzE4LTEtMS0xLTA_afe0e4f6-1ed6-4ff5-9bf3-3a09a3746a79


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzE4LTMtMS0xLTA_f0f724ff-4acf-483f-8dc0-1a69878691a4


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzE5LTEtMS0xLTA_33049f07-62c9-40d6-a5a6-5e2d4f44ad78


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzE5LTMtMS0xLTA_c5d39441-b447-44ab-bf86-2e92ca591901


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzIwLTEtMS0xLTA_14b9307f-cedd-46e9-8064-15f6480c75d2


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzIwLTMtMS0xLTA_d8a29fd6-cdf8-4061-9cfb-584bebf45f40


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzIxLTEtMS0xLTA_911e1711-c771-42ab-b772-3fb7dc18fe7b


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzIxLTMtMS0xLTA_6204d127-d313-4cfa-932a-1b7c8c638ab7


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzIyLTEtMS0xLTA_05c4ba9d-f42a-4284-9f69-a3f706d0f2ba


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzIyLTMtMS0xLTA_84389989-79f5-4a97-acd0-557bd8e8d48c


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzI0LTEtMS0xLTM2ODE_a483c5c8-06a5-476e-a0e9-da9417b73c0b


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzI0LTMtMS0xLTM2ODE_828f700f-eb84-4a2f-bcb7-847910010613


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzI1LTEtMS0xLTM2ODU_2aebfdf9-3992-4eb1-94f3-ea1607a3426d


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzI1LTMtMS0xLTM2ODU_b8336212-52e1-4b48-9ee6-62f10bd879f9


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzI3LTEtMS0xLTA_8fc26fd5-faa1-444d-b07b-145d677fb7ab


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzI3LTMtMS0xLTA_581941ff-5f59-44cb-9ce8-450c5119f165


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMwLTEtMS0xLTA_eef25db3-102a-42e7-8805-c4dbdaa8136b


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMwLTMtMS0xLTA_d27db4e5-9842-43a1-9007-d67664a6cea0


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMxLTEtMS0xLTA_3a1667ef-c523-4095-ada5-7ea44d25d0fd


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMxLTMtMS0xLTA_f4216449-12df-42b9-962a-f84fdffc6384


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMyLTEtMS0xLTA_9bec1bb7-406e-4095-bd7c-364539ebeef0


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMyLTMtMS0xLTA_8b739c4c-7239-4d2f-ad95-e035455b5bc9


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMzLTEtMS0xLTA_7ab57f42-453e-40fb-a25a-9ee67cf8186a


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzMzLTMtMS0xLTA_6298cca2-93e2-4a7b-ac36-b98d297cb76d


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzM0LTEtMS0xLTA_e675c56d-fdc7-4cd1-baa8-6e0b0a7f5307


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzM0LTMtMS0xLTA_8e5705c8-ee37-4cea-a8f1-a9c8c37532f1


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzM2LTEtMS0xLTA_c552afc4-bcd9-4cfa-a862-3ce0b8eacc1f


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzM2LTMtMS0xLTA_942fa58b-9c07-4779-af51-60485f821280


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzM3LTEtMS0xLTA_9a9cf461-dc58-41dd-95a1-3c92a49ff92a


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzM3LTMtMS0xLTA_35613b98-c970-440c-abc9-d2426fbf4f37


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzM5LTEtMS0xLTA_6d7965d8-3120-4e41-9d6b-518631099dbe


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzM5LTMtMS0xLTA_7a47af5e-1560-4a5e-87e7-17d3b86688b0


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQwLTEtMS0xLTA_118f2a90-7fa1-4597-86b9-1ee6720ab1fc


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQwLTMtMS0xLTA_733fdd90-c589-4bbe-a9e4-3a48b3f7db58


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQxLTEtMS0xLTA_a12754c2-b49f-40a3-acf5-1a497f26d736


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQxLTMtMS0xLTA_3f903ac0-7245-4cdd-96e4-77cfd632c229


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQyLTEtMS0xLTA_c196a4b8-04b4-4d02-b848-3e20a71d37bf


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQyLTMtMS0xLTA_1d45f60f-4450-4dc4-a61a-d84c1828a0dd


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQzLTEtMS0xLTA_910db816-cf36-4b7e-833b-e671b2ec36e9


      contextRef=i383cb0cdeef64fafbffc55be1f1ba2eb_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQzLTMtMS0xLTA_2551c939-c809-42f2-985f-52d62b10875e


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQ0LTEtMS0xLTA_4592b8f7-d0f8-4adf-9bff-fdf29b955a24


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQ0LTMtMS0xLTA_96eee215-f585-4bf5-baa3-912bd22e890a


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQ3LTEtMS0xLTA_9130c3b9-1cca-4833-9eae-1574c7fb0638


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQ3LTMtMS0xLTA_f8dace09-fc11-4ea5-a79f-bb4173ab41dd


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQ4LTEtMS0xLTA_76c20752-61eb-4436-b806-dce8d075744f


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzQ4LTMtMS0xLTA_5490865d-c8b0-4f92-8094-1bb673245621


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzUwLTEtMS0xLTA_8f1ca42d-e97b-423d-b8bc-5560f9dea029


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzUwLTMtMS0xLTA_06aa4c47-f51b-4c79-aceb-9f41fe6d6c01


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzUxLTEtMS0xLTA_2509d664-fc20-4fe8-a48e-0878da9a4ea8


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDMvZnJhZzplM2E0YTBhM2Y1NDk0MzgzYTUwZDA5ZjI5YTBkMTY5OS90YWJsZToxOTdlZjA0MWZmMWE0MTUzODc1ZTVlMzBlZjNjZGQ1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE5N2VmMDQxZmYxYTQxNTM4NzVlNWUzMGVmM2NkZDUxXzUxLTMtMS0xLTA_e2999422-9ef3-4d94-8cd8-167e1d57b0c5


      contextRef=idb29836117524db386a64114ed6fc9bc_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzctMS0xLTEtMA_df312ca2-9a9d-414f-b127-6998f51f161d


      contextRef=idb29836117524db386a64114ed6fc9bc_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzctMy0xLTEtMA_b5f2b4ba-70b2-4c48-9da3-ef7793d0bb81


      contextRef=ic5d891ceba004f278f23a04400b6ceaf_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzctNS0xLTEtMA_cbf0b410-f007-448a-8188-a7f72e556c06


      contextRef=ia765527d1c4c4c56897650a7a5587c76_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzctNy0xLTEtMA_7f3e63f5-49ef-4972-8b0a-e77db776a3b5


      contextRef=i0dcc9449bd8647b09cb6aa1c7a16d44e_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzctOS0xLTEtMA_b3cf178e-b1b8-4980-8cd8-a92b08a9b56a


      contextRef=i383cb0cdeef64fafbffc55be1f1ba2eb_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzctMTEtMS0xLTA_c765c60c-2435-4c86-b938-e7f7b0765769


      contextRef=iaf21b4aef3e6459b9219d2102fb521b5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzgtOS0xLTEtMA_b21941d2-5f21-451b-b438-fcf2c70c9543


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzgtMTEtMS0xLTA_bc78981c-51ce-41ae-852c-db739b053485


      contextRef=icba892487a744a0aab8a0b7eec2b6a1f_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzktNy0xLTEtMA_289ed744-2836-4d10-8703-2b4c7e2e69d7


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzktMTEtMS0xLTA_39a11dea-9b50-4363-a4fc-5d0e7fb68895


      contextRef=i798da427004b4febbc5d0d738eea2875_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEwLTUtMS0xLTk2OA_2876806d-8972-47e8-9ccb-600dcce1d8d0


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEwLTExLTEtMS03ODcw_c13d9a93-40fc-462c-810c-72b1cc332b24


      contextRef=i624d9b74dd2c4a2799fd0dba5abdd111_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_d069ed63-462a-47bd-8ae0-516c64b1d593


      contextRef=i624d9b74dd2c4a2799fd0dba5abdd111_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_64622ee4-8291-4d96-87d3-bf182f6b0980


      contextRef=iaf21b4aef3e6459b9219d2102fb521b5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEwLTktMS0xLTA_f1d9af31-c588-4926-b3f7-a28b74f097b6


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEwLTExLTEtMS0w_08088882-6ab7-4915-a109-0313ca3bfa94


      contextRef=i197613bdaba44b10a366f74b9c1faeef_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzExLTEtMS0xLTA_01d9bd2a-7388-444f-be27-a63da88994d2


      contextRef=i197613bdaba44b10a366f74b9c1faeef_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzExLTMtMS0xLTA_bea6427a-cc21-4e8a-880f-f6aec687b65b


      contextRef=i206f801243dc4e3b8a51d4f358dfffd3_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzExLTUtMS0xLTA_07e5283b-b50e-43d8-9056-8ea65ea2f17e


      contextRef=idf7bb40492ec43468306d9a5a243ae2f_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzExLTctMS0xLTA_4b5d450c-b4a5-45cf-8487-c7f1ef5ed2b0


      contextRef=i3c4f8d4019694abba8ac6f57798292c0_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzExLTktMS0xLTA_e4ba2b17-c88b-4a21-9aee-2361fea1cd52


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzExLTExLTEtMS0w_19c6a303-fb55-4b04-8114-ce716534d056


      contextRef=ieb83a2ff6a1d466d8489be61645fa0a5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEyLTktMS0xLTA_a8261492-3283-42fa-8d65-bc16942af615


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEyLTExLTEtMS0w_cdc8f6f3-5ceb-4b8a-b32f-e84bb521efcb


      contextRef=ifb534be0c4f447a8a5a98426c370419a_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEzLTctMS0xLTA_5c1a8d9b-6192-4b04-b048-fafb28f94767


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzEzLTExLTEtMS0w_a0162190-4bb2-43ce-9a8a-0fb953fc7d16


      contextRef=i9f411fa6d92648b197526fab1a2e9402_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzE0LTUtMS0xLTA_f9555bbb-192c-4a3e-a144-7f6e268c14de


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzE0LTExLTEtMS0w_9ddc5503-887a-4c82-836f-58904622f61f


      contextRef=ie34d68ebe7964a80b6cb2fdfbc474179_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzE2LTEtMS0xLTA_e78c1aa9-6b06-4723-921f-f80dc93f0a2a


      contextRef=ie34d68ebe7964a80b6cb2fdfbc474179_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzE2LTMtMS0xLTA_dadbe8b0-4a12-452c-8cbe-a97ba0d78837


      contextRef=ib2bb59d55e4b4df58b903ffda86dfe02_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzE2LTUtMS0xLTA_f1fddeb5-e8a3-4e80-b4c5-7f4a4fc80a6e


      contextRef=i7ee194cf54bf46d3a39992d46145afec_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzE2LTctMS0xLTA_12cc5161-50b3-4bb4-9878-3313adcba2be


      contextRef=ice77248f82f84e9c96861dff852d800c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzE2LTktMS0xLTA_21d1240d-86e3-4618-a071-903874d4300e


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMDYvZnJhZzo2NTU5Y2ZkYTgzMjU0Yjk5YWFkNTA0ODA0NDRkNTM4My90YWJsZTplYTIxZWM3ODM5MTY0YjhmOGVhYTYyOTAyNGIyMTYwNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhMjFlYzc4MzkxNjRiOGY4ZWFhNjI5MDI0YjIxNjA3XzE2LTExLTEtMS0w_08f6baa2-edd1-4050-bb1c-96d37a0c1723


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 wines that retail for over $16&#160;per 750ml bottle). Crimson is headquartered in Napa
 California and through its wholly-owned subsidiaries owns seven primary wine estates and brands: Pine Ridge Vineyards
 Archery Summit
 Chamisal Vineyards
 Seghesio Family Vineyards
 Double Canyon
 Seven Hills Winery
 and Malene Wines. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Pine Ridge Vineyards was acquired in 1991 and has been conducting operations since 1978. Pine Ridge Vineyards owns 154 acres
 and controls through leasing arrangements an additional two acres
 of estate vineyards in five Napa Valley
 California appellations &#x2013; Stags Leap District
 Rutherford
 Oakville
 Carneros and Howell Mountain. Approximately 132 acres are currently planted. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Archery Summit was created by Crimson in 1993. Archery Summit owns 92 acres of estate vineyards in the Willamette Valley
 Oregon. Approximately 68 acres are currently planted. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Double Canyon vineyard land was acquired in 2005 and is located in the Horse Heaven Hills of Washington&#x2019;s Columbia Valley. In September 2017
 Double Canyon completed construction of a 47
000 square-foot wine production facility in West Richland

 Crimson completed its exit of the Double Canyon farming operations in January 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Chamisal Vineyards was acquired in 2008 and has been conducting operations since 1973. Chamisal Vineyards owns 92 acres of vineyards in the Edna Valley
 California
 of which 66 acres are currently planted.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Seghesio Family Vineyards was acquired in 2011 and has been conducting operations since 1895. Seghesio Family Vineyards owns 311 acres of vineyards in two Sonoma County
 California appellations
 the Alexander Valley and Russian River Valley
 of which approximately 276 acres are currently planted. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Seven Hills Winery
 which has been conducting operations since 1988
 was acquired in January 2016 and is located in Walla Walla
 Washington. The Company also purchased land
 primarily in the Walla Walla Valley. The land purchase encompassed 108 acres of vineyards and apple orchards
 of which 51 acres are currently planted.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Malene Wines was created by Crimson in 2016 and owns two Airstream travel trailers
 one of which serves as its home and wine experience in the Edna Valley
 California. Malene wines has certain estate acres within the Chamisal Vineyards property and its wines are produced at the Chamisal winemaking facility.  &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Crimson&#x2019;s revenue model is a combination of direct to consumer and wholesale distributor sales. The Company&#x2019;s wines are available through many principal retail channels for premium table wines
 including fine wine restaurants
 hotels
 specialty shops
 supermarkets and club stores
 in all states domestically and in nearly 30 countries throughout the world. References to cases of wine herein refer to nine-liter equivalent cases. In addition
 Crimson&#x2019;s wines are available
 where legal


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzEyOQ_e25a9f6d-5dd3-4a4c-ac8b-0c0065c7e309


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzI0Mw_98c9445d-1866-4e73-b937-209ebbc94af7


      contextRef=i61126ae4d11847789dbced034eb1ad4f_I20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzUzNA_31ea8619-3407-402a-bc4f-f996d330b29b


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzYwMA_1443b255-cf5c-4995-928b-21abc007a778


      contextRef=ifdecf666013f4dd2b7a6b93076b5d0b8_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzYzMw_4d9c1ed5-0f78-4ff0-8b75-db23074b875a


      contextRef=ifdecf666013f4dd2b7a6b93076b5d0b8_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzc2Mg_4c9369fc-f3a9-41f0-bb6b-781ea360629f


      contextRef=i1ad7205763fa499ea62382280d9c0379_I20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzg2Mw_06c5bde9-15d9-4fa3-bb7e-9d410397cc06


      contextRef=idaaa15fb985d45c0be9fca7c3d176927_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzEwMDY_14b84a78-948a-4652-b48b-4a0345613230


      contextRef=i4d8159a77c27422daa2216224a560aaa_I20170930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzEyMjQ_111b5c0a-ca6c-46d9-860d-d6e55f4ad126


      contextRef=i470307ac4b644471be8de47297fa5008_I20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzE0MDY_a683afd9-30e0-4314-9bf6-b8ac5c8f3175


      contextRef=i7284bcc6205c419a95eaf65c497d4441_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzE0Njk_e50250fb-d573-48be-bf23-998c23a4a16a


      contextRef=id77bf9b9ed57447a8d2f801984fceb4f_I20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzE2Mjc_7cada0e3-e2f9-4e7a-a701-a822b564ee26


      contextRef=i5a4ff9f876c5437dbc156a0d3ab2f2be_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzE2NTI_6a4eb49a-e355-4dbd-ba8c-13191394dc10


      contextRef=i5a4ff9f876c5437dbc156a0d3ab2f2be_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzE3NjU_27cd367a-2b4f-40df-8f22-d2ea60a3da59


      contextRef=i74d24997c2d0473480e9aa5d84cefe23_I20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzIwNDA_b207a0f6-d447-44e7-9207-4025531363e1


      contextRef=i373f77462eb8483c91d979ce127ed961_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzIwOTE_e172a551-c654-4848-833f-911e15ba75d4


      contextRef=i5d91a0fd15c04e2592fabcf7bc2a61b2_D20160101-20161231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzIxNzc_287eac4b-3fb2-4737-98f9-a6388f9f86da


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTIvZnJhZzplMzU0NTliYTc4OTE0ZDEzYmM4OTQyYzZiYTJjMDY0Yy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmUzNTQ1OWJhNzg5MTRkMTNiYzg5NDJjNmJhMmMwNjRjXzI3NTY_3ea0b6fd-3c91-4100-a9b9-70458db62dd6


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 the Company evaluates all of these estimates and assumptions. The following areas have been identified as critical accounting estimates because they have the potential to have a significant impact on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements
 and because they are based on assumptions which are used in the accounting records to reflect
 at a specific point in time

 with cost being determined on the first-in
 first-out method. Costs associated with winemaking
 and other costs associated with the manufacturing of products for resale
 are recorded as inventory. In accordance with general practice within the wine industry
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;wine inventories are included in current assets
 although a portion of such inventories may be aged for periods longer than one year. As required
 the Company reduces the carrying value of inventories that are obsolete or in excess of estimated usage to estimated net realizable value. The Company&#x2019;s estimates of net realizable value are based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 future demand and market requirements. Reductions to the carrying value of inventories are recorded in cost of sales. If future demand and/or pricing for the Company&#x2019;s products are less than previously estimated
 then the carrying value of the inventories may be required to be reduced
 resulting in additional expense and reduced profitability. Inventory write-downs of $6.4 million and $2.0 million were recorded during the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The majority of the increase in inventory write-downs for the 2020 period as compared to the 2019 period was related to the $3.5 million recognized for the 2020 vintage with smoke taint exposure from the 2020 wildfires.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In a strategic effort to maximize asset utilization in 2019
 the Company increased focus on supply chain management. The Company reduced planned production in an effort to re-align supply with changes in forecasted demand. In the third quarter of 2019
 the Company finalized a review of standard overhead applied to bulk wine inventory and bulk wine inventory reserves in the current market and subsequently increased its reserve estimate from 50% to 75% of total projected bulk wine sale losses. As a result of this change in estimate
 bulk wine inventory was reduced by $1.2 million

 which can be up to 25 years. As circumstances warrant
 the Company re-evaluates the recoverability of capitalized costs
 and will record impairment charges if required. The Company has not recorded any significant impairment charges for its vineyards unless related to the sale of an asset during the two year period ended December&#160;31

 impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill
 impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. Other than goodwill
 the Company currently has no intangible assets with indefinite lives. All of the Company&#x2019;s goodwill and substantially all definite-lived intangible assets resulted from the acquisitions of Seghesio Family Vineyards in May 2011 and Seven Hills Winery in January 2016. Amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which range from 7 to 20 years. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the end of each year or more often if a triggering event occurs
 and has concluded that goodwill is not impaired.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company evaluates long-lived assets
 including definite-lived intangible assets
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets consist primarily of property and equipment and intangible assets with definite lives. Circumstances that might cause the Company to evaluate its long-lived assets for impairment could include a significant decline in the prices the Company or the industry can charge for its products
 which could be caused by general economic or other factors
 changes in laws or regulations that make it difficult or more costly for the Company to distribute its products to its markets at prices which generate adequate returns
 natural disasters

 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. The Company groups its long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (or asset group). This would typically be at the property level which is described in Note 1 above. During the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded impairment charges of $1.3 million and $2.2 million
 respectively
 to write-down the carrying value of a portion of construction in progress expenses no longer viable to the long-term project related to renovations of tasting rooms
 right-of-use lease asset related to the relocation of our administrative offices

 and allowances are accrued as a reduction of sales. Subsequently
 distributors will bill the Company for actual depletions

 all of which are wholly-owned. All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period consolidated statement of cash flows to conform to the current period presentation.  The reclassifications had no impact on previously reported net income
 equity or cash flows. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(c)&#160;Cash and cash equivalents:&#160;The Company considers short-term investments
 which have maturities of less than three months at the time of acquisition
 to be cash equivalents.&#160;The Company had no short-term investments considered to be cash and cash equivalents at December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(d) Financial instruments and fair value: Investments available for sale include a U.S. Treasury Note and Certificates of Deposit at December&#160;31
 2020 and&#160;2019. All of the Company&#x2019;s available for sale securities are classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 (see &#x2018;Fair value&#160;hierarchy&#x2019; section below) and are recorded at fair value. Available for sale securities that mature greater than 12 months from original investment are recorded as short-term because the securities represent the investment of funds that are available for current operations. Net unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 on available for sale securities are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized losses that are considered other than temporary are recorded in other income (expense)
 net
 with the corresponding reduction to the carrying basis of the investment. No other than temporary losses were recorded during the two year period ended December&#160;31
 2020. &#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Fair value hierarchy: In determining fair value

 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The nature of these financial instruments include cash instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 derivative instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data
 and instruments that are fair valued using other financial instruments

 where the inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Financial instruments are valued at quoted market prices
 if available. Certain financial instruments have bid and ask prices that can be observed in the marketplace. For financial instruments whose inputs are based on bid-ask prices
 the financial instrument is valued at the point within the bid-ask range that meets the Company&#x2019;s best estimate of fair value. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current at the measurement date. For financial instruments that do not have readily determinable fair values using quoted market prices
 the determination of fair value is based upon consideration of available information
 including types of financial instruments
 current financial information
 restrictions on dispositions
 fair values of underlying financial instruments and quotations for similar instruments.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The valuation of financial instruments may include the use of valuation models and other techniques. Adjustments to valuations derived from valuation models may be made when
 in management&#x2019;s judgment
 features of the financial instrument such as its complexity
 the market in which the financial instrument is traded and risk uncertainties about market conditions require that an adjustment be made to the value derived from the models. Adjustments from the price derived from a valuation model reflect management&#x2019;s judgment that other participants in the market for the financial instrument being measured at fair value would also consider in valuing that same financial instrument. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market

 including
 for example
 the type of financial instrument and market conditions. As the observability of prices and inputs may change for a financial instrument &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;from period to period
 this condition may cause a transfer of an instrument among the fair value hierarchy levels. Transfers among the levels are recognized at the beginning of each period. The degree of judgment exercised in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3.&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(e)&#160;Accounts receivable:&#160;Accounts receivable are reported at net realizable value. The Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable balance is net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $0.2 million and $0.1 million at December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Interest is not accrued on past-due amounts. Accounts are charged against the allowance to bad debt as they are deemed uncollectable based upon a periodic review of the accounts. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers several factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#x2019;s historical payment history
 its current credit worthiness and current economic trends.&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(f)&#160;Property and equipment:&#160;Property and equipment are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation and amortization and are depreciated using the straight-line method over the related assets estimated useful lives. Costs of maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&#160;Costs incurred developing vineyards are capitalized until the vineyard becomes commercially productive. Interest is capitalized during the active construction period of major capital projects. Capitalized interest is added to the cost of the underlying assets and is depreciated over the useful lives of those assets. During the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 capitalized interest was less than $0.1 million. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(g) Loan fees: Fees incurred with the issuance of the Company&#x2019;s debt are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a reduction to associated debt balances
&#160;consistent with the short-term or long-term classification of the related debt outstanding at the end of the reporting period. The Company amortizes debt discount to interest expense over the contractual or expected term of the debt using the effective interest method.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(h)&#160;Concentrations of risk:&#160;The Company sells the majority of its wine through distributors and retailers. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 sales to three customers accounted for approximately 15%
 13%
 and 11% of total sales. Amounts due from these three customers represented approximately 17%
 18%
 and 10% of net accounts receivable as of December&#160;31
 2020. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 sales to one customer accounted for approximately 10% of total sales. Amounts due from this customer represented approximately 14% of net accounts receivable as of December&#160;31

 at times
 may exceed FDIC insurance thresholds.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(i)&#160;Revenue recognition:&#160;Revenue is recognized once performance obligations under the terms of the Company&#x2019;s contracts with its customers have been satisfied; this occurs at a point in time when control of the promised product or service is transferred to customers. Generally
 the majority of the Company&#x2019;s contracts with its customers have a single performance obligation and are short term in nature. Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill its promise to transfer the associated products. Accordingly
 the Company records amounts billed for shipping and handling costs as a component of net sales
 and classifies such costs as a component of costs of sales. The Company&#x2019;s products are generally not sold with a right of return unless the product is spoiled or damaged. Historically
 returns have not been material to the Company. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For additional information on the Company's revenue recognition policies
 refer to Note 3 &#x201c;Revenue Recognition.&#x201d; &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(j)&#160;Cost of sales:&#160;Includes grape
 juice and bulk wine costs
 whether purchased or grown
 crush costs
 winemaking and processing costs
 bottling
 packaging
 warehousing
 property costs
 and shipping and handling costs. For vineyard produced grapes
 grape costs include annual farming costs and depreciation of vineyard development expenditures. For wines that age longer than one year
 winemaking and processing costs continue to be incurred and capitalized to the cost of wine
 which can range from 3 to 36 months. No further costs are allocated to inventory once the product is bottled and available for sale.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(k)&#160;Taxes not on income:&#160;Excise taxes are levied by government agencies on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including wine. These taxes are not collected from customers but are instead the responsibility of the Company. Excise taxes of $0.6 million and $0.7 million in the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively

 2020 and 2019
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(m) Website and internal-use software costs: The Company capitalizes certain qualifying costs incurred in the acquisition and development of software for internal use
 including the costs of the software
 materials
 consultants and payroll and payroll-related costs for employees during the application development stage. Internal and external costs incurred during the preliminary project stage and post implementation-operation stage
 mainly training and maintenance costs
 are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred for enhancements that are expected to result in additional material functionality are capitalized. Once the application is substantially complete and ready for its intended use
 qualifying costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software&#x2019;s estimated useful life. &#160; &#160; &#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(n) Business combinations: Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition method of accounting requires an acquirer to record the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. To determine the fair values
 the Company utilizes third parties for certain valuations
 such as appraisals
 or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. During the measurement period
 the Company records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. After the measurement period
 which could be up to one year after the acquisition date
 subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of operations.&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(o) Income taxes: Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enacted date.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Net tax assets are recorded to the extent the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such determination
 the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence
 including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
 tax planning strategies and recent financial results of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits; however
 if it did


 2021



 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Improves the disclosures related to fair value by removing
 modifying or adding disclosure requirements related to recurring and non-recurring fair value measurements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;January 1




      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 the Company evaluates all of these estimates and assumptions. The following areas have been identified as critical accounting estimates because they have the potential to have a significant impact on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements
 and because they are based on assumptions which are used in the accounting records to reflect
 at a specific point in time


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 with cost being determined on the first-in
 first-out method. Costs associated with winemaking
 and other costs associated with the manufacturing of products for resale
 are recorded as inventory. In accordance with general practice within the wine industry
 &lt;/span&gt;wine inventories are included in current assets
 although a portion of such inventories may be aged for periods longer than one year. As required
 the Company reduces the carrying value of inventories that are obsolete or in excess of estimated usage to estimated net realizable value. The Company&#x2019;s estimates of net realizable value are based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 future demand and market requirements. Reductions to the carrying value of inventories are recorded in cost of sales. If future demand and/or pricing for the Company&#x2019;s products are less than previously estimated
 then the carrying value of the inventories may be required to be reduced


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzM3ODM_f02b82c2-daa9-48f4-aba4-bab6883f2b7f


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzM3OTA_cac9653a-0d3f-4809-a1f8-fa0e91d2520f


      contextRef=ic62123bd916e4df68288465fdf3b49d8_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzI3NDg3NzkwOTI1ODY_b2dae438-ede0-4803-834f-21f6fa125a00


      contextRef=id61115f57902474196eb4d6fb2404b40_D20190101-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzI3NDg3NzkwOTUzNDE_ca943624-046e-4441-b695-7e5349a58d8f


      contextRef=iedb1e7f758384ca2836e3fa1a88b98e5_D20190701-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzI3NDg3NzkwOTUzNDk_35a966c5-6624-4dc6-8b83-5a2289f32ae9


      contextRef=i7378c59de5094cf8b6d2fab861ebfb7e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzI3NDg3NzkwOTU0NzE_699eb4cc-35de-4547-b1ae-2d1068ba88b9


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzI3NDg3NzkwOTU1MTg_a62f19d0-cd29-43de-b6bf-68d823373810


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzI3NDg3NzkwOTU1MjY_f2929ef9-59c6-4b5d-b817-e9a52a80b7d9


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 which can be up to 25 years. As circumstances warrant
 the Company re-evaluates the recoverability of capitalized costs


      contextRef=ib3db3f854b0e44c3870e9e6f1165896b_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill
 impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. Other than goodwill
 the Company currently has no intangible assets with indefinite lives. All of the Company&#x2019;s goodwill and substantially all definite-lived intangible assets resulted from the acquisitions of Seghesio Family Vineyards in May 2011 and Seven Hills Winery in January 2016. Amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which range from 7 to 20 years. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the end of each year or more often if a triggering event occurs
 and has concluded that goodwill is not impaired.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company evaluates long-lived assets
 including definite-lived intangible assets
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets consist primarily of property and equipment and intangible assets with definite lives. Circumstances that might cause the Company to evaluate its long-lived assets for impairment could include a significant decline in the prices the Company or the industry can charge for its products
 which could be caused by general economic or other factors
 changes in laws or regulations that make it difficult or more costly for the Company to distribute its products to its markets at prices which generate adequate returns
 natural disasters
 significant decrease in demand for the Company&#x2019;s products or significant increase in the costs to manufacture the Company&#x2019;s products.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured using a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to the fair value or future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired


      contextRef=i960023b872be4f43b6c2a6c7c53e40e5_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i7d8cb8c2cd384a5182fd5cb2d0ee7c70_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzI3NDg3NzkwOTI2OTI_02b03ce1-fcd1-4217-b74c-0a4c808d7f44


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzI3NDg3NzkwOTI3MDA_37da87cc-f5fe-4dcd-a7d6-2ed72bc6fd2f


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 and allowances are accrued as a reduction of sales. Subsequently
 distributors will bill the Company for actual depletions


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231



      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231



      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 which have maturities of less than three months at the time of acquisition


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzc5MjM_5b3cf8b9-b93d-4648-b2d6-b861dd773b7f


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzc5MjM_b8fbabc4-9f78-4277-bfd5-adcf84e7a83d


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020 and&#160;2019. All of the Company&#x2019;s available for sale securities are classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 (see &#x2018;Fair value&#160;hierarchy&#x2019; section below) and are recorded at fair value. Available for sale securities that mature greater than 12 months from original investment are recorded as short-term because the securities represent the investment of funds that are available for current operations. Net unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 on available for sale securities are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized losses that are considered other than temporary are recorded in other income (expense)
 net
 with the corresponding reduction to the carrying basis of the investment. No other than temporary losses were recorded during the two year period ended December&#160;31
 2020. &#160;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Fair value hierarchy: In determining fair value

 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The nature of these financial instruments include cash instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 derivative instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data
 and instruments that are fair valued using other financial instruments

 where the inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Financial instruments are valued at quoted market prices
 if available. Certain financial instruments have bid and ask prices that can be observed in the marketplace. For financial instruments whose inputs are based on bid-ask prices
 the financial instrument is valued at the point within the bid-ask range that meets the Company&#x2019;s best estimate of fair value. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current at the measurement date. For financial instruments that do not have readily determinable fair values using quoted market prices
 the determination of fair value is based upon consideration of available information
 including types of financial instruments
 current financial information
 restrictions on dispositions
 fair values of underlying financial instruments and quotations for similar instruments.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The valuation of financial instruments may include the use of valuation models and other techniques. Adjustments to valuations derived from valuation models may be made when
 in management&#x2019;s judgment
 features of the financial instrument such as its complexity
 the market in which the financial instrument is traded and risk uncertainties about market conditions require that an adjustment be made to the value derived from the models. Adjustments from the price derived from a valuation model reflect management&#x2019;s judgment that other participants in the market for the financial instrument being measured at fair value would also consider in valuing that same financial instrument. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market

 including
 for example
 the type of financial instrument and market conditions. As the observability of prices and inputs may change for a financial instrument &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;from period to period


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzg4NTc_29ca8150-0ac4-4654-ab7e-9dab79611e3c


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzg4NTc_9322f972-f5c3-4f27-a226-49d210004f91


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Interest is not accrued on past-due amounts. Accounts are charged against the allowance to bad debt as they are deemed uncollectable based upon a periodic review of the accounts. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers several factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#x2019;s historical payment history


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzM5NDk_00b7bd0a-18aa-4d16-a874-68f2009bc97c


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzM5NTc_f058b331-e18d-451e-a101-49b96f512fc6


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzM5NzU_0a366d9a-4150-407c-972d-e6b93070791f


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzM5NzU_82cc0928-58e1-46c3-9452-f5765c2beb38


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231



      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i92a3cddffb9e4ebab79a1622f255e3c2_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzEzOTA1_4cabeee6-e856-4222-aace-619ba2f045d3


      contextRef=idedb5f191ad14cd98867b6ddee26be33_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDY0OTY_8a40a9bf-2bc9-4887-bd2f-981b75e34d70


      contextRef=ia54343b6d17144b28fb76dff75216c9b_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDY1MDE_9f31b53d-d7f0-46ef-90fe-9841b883cf44


      contextRef=i8c7846d0d9bb4fd595799156c1495ac7_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDY1MDY_b5d77d75-8e8a-4437-9b6b-3d5bd36827c4


      contextRef=ie151b4505e5f4a69938c6ca1e903684b_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDY1MTE_eeac8ad1-af08-4555-9169-eac895acec44


      contextRef=i6bf08713f4ea4166be2644cb9cc6d29d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzEzOTY3_8f29f3ce-5ce2-47de-9fdc-42eaf3f48728


      contextRef=ie65ee3d827cf42c186a1d8e84ec3d5e1_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzE0MDgy_c48095f3-43fc-49d3-88cc-ec7b8aa3eed2


      contextRef=i8209e5bcc4a64115888a39d0ac3428ed_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzE0MTU4_64167cf2-f1eb-4ce4-8007-52a4fed10a78


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 the majority of the Company&#x2019;s contracts with its customers have a single performance obligation and are short term in nature. Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill its promise to transfer the associated products. Accordingly
 the Company records amounts billed for shipping and handling costs as a component of net sales
 and classifies such costs as a component of costs of sales. The Company&#x2019;s products are generally not sold with a right of return unless the product is spoiled or damaged. Historically
 returns have not been material to the Company. &lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For additional information on the Company's revenue recognition policies
 refer to Note 3 &#x201c;Revenue Recognition.&#x201d; &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(j)&#160;Cost of sales:&#160;Includes grape
 juice and bulk wine costs
 whether purchased or grown
 crush costs
 winemaking and processing costs
 bottling
 packaging
 warehousing
 property costs
 and shipping and handling costs. For vineyard produced grapes
 grape costs include annual farming costs and depreciation of vineyard development expenditures. For wines that age longer than one year
 winemaking and processing costs continue to be incurred and capitalized to the cost of wine


      contextRef=i960023b872be4f43b6c2a6c7c53e40e5_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i7d8cb8c2cd384a5182fd5cb2d0ee7c70_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231



      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzM5ODk_8695ca32-6d1b-46be-8ce5-3003a3784734


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzM5OTY_321870be-778a-4af9-9989-54eda7b15887


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzQwMTI_94e0b04b-271e-44b1-a8e9-58c4a04d381b


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4NzAzOTA0NzYyNDA0NDhmYmJmNDAyMDFhZWZhZTNlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjg3MDM5MDQ3NjI0MDQ0OGZiYmY0MDIwMWFlZmFlM2UyXzYwNDczMTM5NzQwMjA_a7b5013b-3fa4-44aa-8989-e1fdefb0aa08


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 including the costs of the software
 materials
 consultants and payroll and payroll-related costs for employees during the application development stage. Internal and external costs incurred during the preliminary project stage and post implementation-operation stage
 mainly training and maintenance costs
 are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred for enhancements that are expected to result in additional material functionality are capitalized. Once the application is substantially complete and ready for its intended use


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 the Company utilizes third parties for certain valuations
 such as appraisals
 or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. During the measurement period
 the Company records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. After the measurement period
 which could be up to one year after the acquisition date


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enacted date.Net tax assets are recorded to the extent the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such determination
 the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence
 including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
 tax planning strategies and recent financial results of operations.The Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits; however
 if it did


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


 2021



 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Improves the disclosures related to fair value by removing
 modifying or adding disclosure requirements related to recurring and non-recurring fair value measurements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;January 1




      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


 2021



 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Improves the disclosures related to fair value by removing
 modifying or adding disclosure requirements related to recurring and non-recurring fair value measurements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;January 1




      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 the majority of the Company&#x2019;s contracts with its customers have a single performance obligation and are short term in nature. Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill its promise to transfer the associated products. Accordingly
 the Company records amounts billed for shipping and handling costs as a component of net sales
 and classifies such costs as a component of costs of sales. The Company&#x2019;s products are generally not sold with a right of return unless the product is spoiled or damaged. Historically

 resulting in a reduction of wholesale product revenue and the establishment of a current liability. Subsequently
 wholesale distributors will bill the Company for actual depletions

 at the wineries&#x2019; tasting rooms and through the internet.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Wine club membership sales are made under contracts with customers

&#160;the Company sells grapes or bulk wine because the wine does not meet the quality standards for&#160;the Company&#x2019;s products
 market conditions have changed resulting in reduced demand for certain products
 or because&#160;the Company&#160;may have produced more of a particular varietal than it can use. Grape and bulk sales are made under contracts with customers which include product specification requirements
 pricing and payment terms. Payment terms under grape contracts are generally structured around the timing of the harvest of the grapes and are generally due 30 days from the time the grapes are delivered. Payment terms under bulk wine contracts are generally 30 days from the date of shipment and may include an &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;upfront payment upon signing of the sales agreement. The Company transfers control and recognizes revenue for grape sales when product specification has been met and title to the grapes has transferred
 which is generally on the date the grapes are harvested
 weighed and shipped. The Company transfers control and recognizes revenue for bulk wine contracts upon shipment.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company provides custom winemaking services at Double Canyon&#x2019;s state-of-the-art winemaking facility (&#x201c;Washington Winemaking Facility&#x201d;). Custom winemaking services are made under contracts with customers which include specific protocols
 pricing

 which are paid for and received or consumed at the time of sale. The Company transfers control and recognizes revenue at the time of sale.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Refer to Note 14 &#x201c;Business Segment Information
&#x201d; for revenue by sales channel amounts for the years ended December&#160;31

 the Company records deferred revenue
 which it classifies as customer deposits on its consolidated balance sheets
 and represents a contract liability. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following tables reflect changes in the contract liability balance during the years ended December&#160;31
 2020&#160;and 2019 (in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.707%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.360%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:25.440%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31


162)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31



612)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31

 2020 and 2019
 which was included in the opening contract liability balances for those periods
 consisted primarily of wine club revenue
 grape and bulk sales and event fees.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Accounts receivable are reported at net realizable value. Credit is extended based upon an evaluation of the customer&#x2019;s financial condition. Accounts are charged against the allowance to bad debt as they are deemed uncollectable based upon a periodic review of the accounts. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers several factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#x2019;s historical payment history
 its current credit worthiness and current economic trends. The Company does not have any contract assets associated with the future right to invoice its customers. The Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable balance is net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $0.2 million and $0.1 million at December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019


      contextRef=icc27996bfe6e483e8b1935f2b3aecba5_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i70cc28e3d7cc4b6baf3f568c3e78b214_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i6ac503d905d248d0a95555cec29cdadb_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i471188677cd34fc98e78c8e081e82779_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020&#160;and 2019 (in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.707%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.360%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:25.440%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31


162)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31



612)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90YWJsZTozNWYxYjEwN2UwZDQ0ZGMyOTk3MjljODc2MDMyOTAyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM1ZjFiMTA3ZTBkNDRkYzI5OTcyOWM4NzYwMzI5MDJlXzAtMS0xLTEtMA_bad65424-05f0-4147-a92a-12605052bd75


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90YWJsZTozNWYxYjEwN2UwZDQ0ZGMyOTk3MjljODc2MDMyOTAyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM1ZjFiMTA3ZTBkNDRkYzI5OTcyOWM4NzYwMzI5MDJlXzItMS0xLTEtMA_3446781b-3267-4635-9381-22cb3431a5c8


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90YWJsZTozNWYxYjEwN2UwZDQ0ZGMyOTk3MjljODc2MDMyOTAyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM1ZjFiMTA3ZTBkNDRkYzI5OTcyOWM4NzYwMzI5MDJlXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_ae7b8712-8939-495f-bc2d-01b268c679c6


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90YWJsZTozNWYxYjEwN2UwZDQ0ZGMyOTk3MjljODc2MDMyOTAyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM1ZjFiMTA3ZTBkNDRkYzI5OTcyOWM4NzYwMzI5MDJlXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_f20fe1c0-95e1-4b00-8427-283527ae9993


      contextRef=i383cb0cdeef64fafbffc55be1f1ba2eb_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90YWJsZTpmMTRiYmQ0YmM0YjQ0NTYwYWIzMzk5YTcyYzU4YTJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYxNGJiZDRiYzRiNDQ1NjBhYjMzOTlhNzJjNThhMmZmXzAtMS0xLTEtMA_09aa8b9f-c304-48bc-8b75-9b5c17f96817


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90YWJsZTpmMTRiYmQ0YmM0YjQ0NTYwYWIzMzk5YTcyYzU4YTJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYxNGJiZDRiYzRiNDQ1NjBhYjMzOTlhNzJjNThhMmZmXzItMS0xLTEtMA_4ce8661b-541b-4339-81bb-b9e383989648


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90YWJsZTpmMTRiYmQ0YmM0YjQ0NTYwYWIzMzk5YTcyYzU4YTJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYxNGJiZDRiYzRiNDQ1NjBhYjMzOTlhNzJjNThhMmZmXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_5908c8d9-9c23-43ba-a33c-3471d5f79f78


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90YWJsZTpmMTRiYmQ0YmM0YjQ0NTYwYWIzMzk5YTcyYzU4YTJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYxNGJiZDRiYzRiNDQ1NjBhYjMzOTlhNzJjNThhMmZmXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_e0d1c771-ea02-4a42-92da-7a6959dea309


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjAzZWZiNzIxYmUwNTQxMzViYzc0YzA1N2VhNTZkZWNmXzYwNDczMTM5NTk0NjU_00b7bd0a-18aa-4d16-a874-68f2009bc97c


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMjQvZnJhZzowM2VmYjcyMWJlMDU0MTM1YmM3NGMwNTdlYTU2ZGVjZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjAzZWZiNzIxYmUwNTQxMzViYzc0YzA1N2VhNTZkZWNmXzYwNDczMTM5NTk0NzU_f058b331-e18d-451e-a101-49b96f512fc6


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 the Company committed to various restructuring activities (the &#x201c;2018 Restructuring Program&#x201d;) including the termination of a vineyard operating lease agreement in Oregon and certain departmental reorganizations. Restructuring charges of $0.1 million and $1.3 million were incurred in the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The Company has incurred $1.4 million of restructuring charges since the inception of the restructuring plan consisting of $0.9 million employee related costs
 $0.4 million of asset impairment charges associated with leasehold improvements under the terminated vineyard operating lease agreement
 and $0.1 million of other restructuring costs associated with departmental reorganization activities. The fair value of impaired leasehold improvements was determined using the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. The Company&#x2019;s restructuring activities under the 2018 Restructuring Program were substantially complete as of March 31
 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During 2020
 the Company committed to various restructuring activities (the &#x201c;2020 Restructuring Program&#x201d;) including the closure of the Double Canyon Vineyards tasting room
 restructuring of management
 changes in sales
 marketing
 and Direct to Consumer organizational structure
 and transitioning of information technology services and export fulfillment to outsourced support models. For the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 the Company incurred $1.4 million of restructuring charges
 consisting of $1.1 million employee related costs
 $0.2 million of asset impairment charges associated with the tasting room assets upon closure
 and $0.1 of other restructuring costs associated with departmental reorganization activities. The Company&#x2019;s restructuring activities under the 2020 Restructuring Program were substantially complete as of September 30
 2020.         &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company recorded costs of $1.2 million for employee related restructuring activities and paid $1.2 million during the year ended December&#160;31
 2020. The liability related to restructuring activities was $0.3 million at December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;A roll forward of the liability recognized for employee related restructuring activities as of December&#160;31
 2020 is as follows (in thousands):&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.561%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:43.687%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.584%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.534%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.794%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.534%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.087%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.534%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.146%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Balance at December 31





      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3NzE_44be906d-7cc7-4c18-a43d-9152c1589fd2


      contextRef=iffc2f3f1ccd9494bb90541a284824d40_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3NzU_866f590e-6bd0-404a-a527-08c50edcacee


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3NDU_86c6f824-fd6e-4ea7-a9d4-e9602a609186


      contextRef=iee3fbee7ea484f98b6c28bdd90ded609_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3NTI_df2e3f36-3631-42c1-a699-07e99488368e


      contextRef=i9128085299814394a4644730b18aef33_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3NTg_c2cddcd1-0661-48e0-a751-6097436aa7b3


      contextRef=ia2e8842af9724434909d06c32d0476a6_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3NjU_74a02b2f-ade8-443b-91ce-d6a8f19599e7


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3OTY_51f56818-4d02-4759-b016-08195f2bfabb


      contextRef=i318b6cddd88141b2b0c61659f0bfa204_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY4MTE_d7a6ee09-e522-4117-9b8e-ac951f6de5e8


      contextRef=ic9bcc75a885948bf888cb370afce5572_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY4MjY_98d8ebf6-7732-4908-bcca-36e5b0c8d1f1


      contextRef=i61673b6682fd49f3ada7700b5a71544f_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY4NDE_c7c1989c-7566-428f-9d78-ee9720db8d7b


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3MDQ_0c4226c6-d11e-494b-a7b0-89722a28f670


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3MjE_58489257-4b7b-4f2c-9c93-7af2e0a7c519


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3MzU_183b6755-97a2-4535-a2c8-d400f88d61f9


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllMzAzMTU5ZWZkNzQ0ZDI5OTBjMWQyMTVkYTFhY2U3XzYwNDczMTM5NTY3MzU_6f790785-5589-4ce9-acc0-3f3f26d9aa0e


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020 is as follows (in thousands):&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.561%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:43.687%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.584%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.534%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.794%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.534%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.087%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.534%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.146%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Balance at December 31





      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90YWJsZTpjNTYzOGE4MjU3YjY0N2Y4OTY1NDY1MjM3OTIxOTFmMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM1NjM4YTgyNTdiNjQ3Zjg5NjU0NjUyMzc5MjE5MWYwXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_a6af308c-2f24-4186-8118-83bc67accd5f


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90YWJsZTpjNTYzOGE4MjU3YjY0N2Y4OTY1NDY1MjM3OTIxOTFmMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM1NjM4YTgyNTdiNjQ3Zjg5NjU0NjUyMzc5MjE5MWYwXzEtMy0xLTEtMA_75598821-5aee-4d63-b5e4-cf8fcefd739a


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90YWJsZTpjNTYzOGE4MjU3YjY0N2Y4OTY1NDY1MjM3OTIxOTFmMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM1NjM4YTgyNTdiNjQ3Zjg5NjU0NjUyMzc5MjE5MWYwXzEtNS0xLTEtMA_a6622b51-bce1-48eb-9376-7bf5db63ab63


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzAvZnJhZzo5ZTMwMzE1OWVmZDc0NGQyOTkwYzFkMjE1ZGExYWNlNy90YWJsZTpjNTYzOGE4MjU3YjY0N2Y4OTY1NDY1MjM3OTIxOTFmMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM1NjM4YTgyNTdiNjQ3Zjg5NjU0NjUyMzc5MjE5MWYwXzEtNy0xLTEtMA_5ac32b57-ca77-41fd-98c5-886ef30578a7


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31



498&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30





      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31



498&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30





      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzMvZnJhZzpiNjBiMWI2MjNiOWE0NTY2YWQ5NmIyNDdkZWVjNDRjYi90YWJsZTpkZTNlNDE1YzNhNGQ0OTM4YmQyZTg5MjQ5ZjA0NjRiYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRlM2U0MTVjM2E0ZDQ5MzhiZDJlODkyNDlmMDQ2NGJjXzItMS0xLTEtMA_b99cd43b-d9fa-47d8-9ecc-81955a0aa26b


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzMvZnJhZzpiNjBiMWI2MjNiOWE0NTY2YWQ5NmIyNDdkZWVjNDRjYi90YWJsZTpkZTNlNDE1YzNhNGQ0OTM4YmQyZTg5MjQ5ZjA0NjRiYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRlM2U0MTVjM2E0ZDQ5MzhiZDJlODkyNDlmMDQ2NGJjXzItMy0xLTEtMA_d145fb0e-3baf-4a1f-8dc1-9967088d2f3a


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzMvZnJhZzpiNjBiMWI2MjNiOWE0NTY2YWQ5NmIyNDdkZWVjNDRjYi90YWJsZTpkZTNlNDE1YzNhNGQ0OTM4YmQyZTg5MjQ5ZjA0NjRiYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRlM2U0MTVjM2E0ZDQ5MzhiZDJlODkyNDlmMDQ2NGJjXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_99bb7f4c-8b7d-45a7-9885-2c01eb023358


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzMvZnJhZzpiNjBiMWI2MjNiOWE0NTY2YWQ5NmIyNDdkZWVjNDRjYi90YWJsZTpkZTNlNDE1YzNhNGQ0OTM4YmQyZTg5MjQ5ZjA0NjRiYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRlM2U0MTVjM2E0ZDQ5MzhiZDJlODkyNDlmMDQ2NGJjXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_90b782b8-70b3-4fac-a25b-a9d56066f699


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzMvZnJhZzpiNjBiMWI2MjNiOWE0NTY2YWQ5NmIyNDdkZWVjNDRjYi90YWJsZTpkZTNlNDE1YzNhNGQ0OTM4YmQyZTg5MjQ5ZjA0NjRiYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRlM2U0MTVjM2E0ZDQ5MzhiZDJlODkyNDlmMDQ2NGJjXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_300b8689-457e-46fb-bc6b-57f2da209836


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzMvZnJhZzpiNjBiMWI2MjNiOWE0NTY2YWQ5NmIyNDdkZWVjNDRjYi90YWJsZTpkZTNlNDE1YzNhNGQ0OTM4YmQyZTg5MjQ5ZjA0NjRiYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRlM2U0MTVjM2E0ZDQ5MzhiZDJlODkyNDlmMDQ2NGJjXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_76c19ecd-c315-4b1e-9c1b-3d2f854f6836


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzMvZnJhZzpiNjBiMWI2MjNiOWE0NTY2YWQ5NmIyNDdkZWVjNDRjYi90YWJsZTpkZTNlNDE1YzNhNGQ0OTM4YmQyZTg5MjQ5ZjA0NjRiYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRlM2U0MTVjM2E0ZDQ5MzhiZDJlODkyNDlmMDQ2NGJjXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_46c0a745-2c5e-4825-98fe-aed0a5d53c30


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzMvZnJhZzpiNjBiMWI2MjNiOWE0NTY2YWQ5NmIyNDdkZWVjNDRjYi90YWJsZTpkZTNlNDE1YzNhNGQ0OTM4YmQyZTg5MjQ5ZjA0NjRiYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRlM2U0MTVjM2E0ZDQ5MzhiZDJlODkyNDlmMDQ2NGJjXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_1100ded3-87d8-46b7-b272-2785b78271cd


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020&#160;and 2019 and depreciation and amortization for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and&#160;2019

 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31



265&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;59

350&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;42
210&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vineyards

651&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;32

639&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5

565&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3

169&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2

551&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;191

868)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(71
919)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Total property and equipment


112&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.707%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:47.726%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:24.119%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.533%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:24.122%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year ended December 31



650&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1


620&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During 2018
 the Company began actively marketing 36 acres of fallow apple orchards in Umatilla County
 Oregon for sale as it does not intend to replant these orchards with vineyards and subsequently reclassified $0.6 million from property and equipment to assets held for sale. In the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company recorded an impairment charge of less than $0.1 million to write-down the carrying value of the fallow apple orchards to fair value less cost to sell. In March 2021
 the Company finalized a sales agreement to sell the land for $0.6 million. In accordance with ASC 360-10
 this subsequent event revealed evidence of fair value and conditions existing as of the balance sheet date
 December&#160;31
 2020. Subsequently
 for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2020
 the Company recorded an additional impairment charge of less than $0.1 million to write-down the carrying value of the fallow apple orchards to fair value less cost to sell. The impairment charges were recorded to other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements of operations. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During the second quarter of 2019
 the Company placed 124 acres of land in Benson County
 Washington
 composed of 15 acres of vineyards and 109 acres of fallow land
 for sale and reclassified an additional $1.2&#160;million from property and equipment to assets held for sale. In October 2019
 the Company finalized a sales agreement to sell the land for $0.7&#160;million and recorded an impairment charge of $0.5&#160;million to write-down the carrying value to the price in the sales agreement less cost to sell. In the third quarter of 2019
 the impairment charge was recorded to loss from operations
 net in the consolidated statements of operations. The sale of the land closed in October 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:8pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In the third quarter of 2019
 the Company placed 181 acres of land in Klickitat County
 Washington
 of which 93 acres were planted with wine grapes
 for sale. As part of the process to determine the sale price of the property
 the Company obtained an appraisal of the property in the second quarter of 2019. As a result
 the Company recorded an impairment charge of $1.2&#160;million to write-down the carrying value of the vineyard to the appraised fair value less cost to sell in the second quarter of 2019. The Company recorded an additional impairment of $0.1&#160;million in the third quarter of 2019 due to the write-down of in progress vineyard development. These impairments were recorded to loss from operations
 net in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company reclassified $2.1 million from property and equipment to assets held for sale related to the vineyard as of September 30
 2019. In November 2019
 the Company finalized a sales agreement to sell the land for $1.9&#160;million and recorded a final impairment charge of $0.3&#160;million to write-down the carrying value to the price in the sales agreement less cost to sell. These impairment charges were recorded to loss from operations
 net in the consolidated statements of operations. The sale of the land closed in January 2020. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:8pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In the fourth quarter of 2020
 the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $1.1&#160;million to write-down assets within construction in progress related to tasting room renovation projects.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:8pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2020


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020&#160;and 2019 and depreciation and amortization for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and&#160;2019

 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31



265&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;59

350&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;42
210&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vineyards

651&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;32

639&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5

565&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3

169&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2

551&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;191

868)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(71
919)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Total property and equipment


112&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.707%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:47.726%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:24.119%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.533%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:24.122%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year ended December 31



650&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1




      contextRef=ie8372a17efe5412b8abd06a149ee133d_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzItMy0xLTEtMA_65ca9860-46e2-4378-972c-e14d794aacf3


      contextRef=i9fe1cabc82ac48c88516d39a322afa0a_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzItNS0xLTEtMA_e039232a-4f83-44b0-a7fe-3185704977e2


      contextRef=i2d8d1d3faec149c8b1e7a4ce9622883f_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i418281ac6bae42009a9da664f35f3585_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=ieda0433a74b944a49c63a40880bec3a3_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_e5e30416-352a-460a-82f5-1de1948ee8d3


      contextRef=i2ef6ed6e35324c9ba872062775e3486d_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_ceb6489d-3710-4d3e-bc7e-4c4342b23ed5


      contextRef=i5a22fae551294952b75cc821d66e3bb8_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=ia0da1c5460c6473bb127a55bdea18a44_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i693c0b1e7c084248a5d315427d4c2a29_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzQtMy0xLTEtMzc0Nw_afb8b611-12d2-4fc5-a269-a15152cab2da


      contextRef=i4ecd614284e24160a7fc7b859b0a1f7f_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzQtNS0xLTEtMzc0Nw_96fe214f-c17c-4b9f-815b-e097146d29a3


      contextRef=ide296a56c2bb4030934e4490364c63d2_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i4bfe348dc54243b4a7449306b5046409_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i11592bac01c1446684279d2393eaae56_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_4fb593ea-f75f-44b2-bacb-e20e9e4df5f4


      contextRef=i54e2a1c844284fa2a6269a4b88a54fff_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_4e8edd0a-5189-44c4-9f8d-640ed97edd11


      contextRef=ic06217da38724976921c35e2d54565d6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=ia5e9afd2c42c4576a4ad1daa5352ec42_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i9b2a8c37757746a2a328fb04f8e19768_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_0fdb31a8-37b0-476b-8e16-a73307f9b4f1


      contextRef=i4c7f27d03af44cd495474463400523e5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_f7f523ac-4642-4b92-9b73-be0b882fe18a


      contextRef=i3414223a4f734a0689bc4d4eea1d4218_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzctMy0xLTEtMA_72fe5a72-8158-466f-ae25-ec9f29784377


      contextRef=ia940e45f26be41a6a9129a84a6c6fd4f_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzctNS0xLTEtMA_47305691-9621-499d-a9a8-ad5c9750488c


      contextRef=i50bb88007b1243159786ae46ec33e162_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_a2f5ead5-b008-4206-80a2-da083dcae6ce


      contextRef=i791933d636d6451c96c6f0d26ae1affe_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_8fdf0e36-a213-4653-9cf4-99ff5c928c59


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzktMy0xLTEtMA_24d76532-db2f-4005-babc-355a4f8a805e


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzktNS0xLTEtMA_d6c4173f-252f-4b81-a141-a9a9a3591863


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_08c00d8c-c4cc-4226-b857-fda776d980f1


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_8f859933-b3b4-444e-8690-d066aefa579b


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_509bee8b-20b4-4d8b-aab9-8cb2b1438c9a


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTozNmIwZTk2YTcxYTU0YzdiOThmNzg5MjEzZDk0NDhlYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM2YjBlOTZhNzFhNTRjN2I5OGY3ODkyMTNkOTQ0OGVjXzExLTUtMS0xLTA_7bf9048b-bc51-4018-8503-62bae7815ba7


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTphNmE0NjQxZjU0Nzg0OGQzYmMxYWVkYjg0ZjRhYWJjYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmE2YTQ2NDFmNTQ3ODQ4ZDNiYzFhZWRiODRmNGFhYmNiXzItMS0xLTEtMA_786c249b-4acf-4435-9b60-7a097fd35934


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTphNmE0NjQxZjU0Nzg0OGQzYmMxYWVkYjg0ZjRhYWJjYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmE2YTQ2NDFmNTQ3ODQ4ZDNiYzFhZWRiODRmNGFhYmNiXzItMy0xLTEtMA_04706d09-496c-49e7-9b66-3ea153077a12


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTphNmE0NjQxZjU0Nzg0OGQzYmMxYWVkYjg0ZjRhYWJjYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmE2YTQ2NDFmNTQ3ODQ4ZDNiYzFhZWRiODRmNGFhYmNiXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_f05d0b5f-8fa9-4f0b-b778-6bfa5dbad822


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTphNmE0NjQxZjU0Nzg0OGQzYmMxYWVkYjg0ZjRhYWJjYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmE2YTQ2NDFmNTQ3ODQ4ZDNiYzFhZWRiODRmNGFhYmNiXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_feae9d4e-20ed-4f0a-ac0c-05fd9a02658b


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTphNmE0NjQxZjU0Nzg0OGQzYmMxYWVkYjg0ZjRhYWJjYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmE2YTQ2NDFmNTQ3ODQ4ZDNiYzFhZWRiODRmNGFhYmNiXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_13a08a42-62d9-4e36-bc93-408d5f21e083


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90YWJsZTphNmE0NjQxZjU0Nzg0OGQzYmMxYWVkYjg0ZjRhYWJjYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmE2YTQ2NDFmNTQ3ODQ4ZDNiYzFhZWRiODRmNGFhYmNiXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_abeeb85f-cf63-4dbc-844f-cb4b8bcc15e5


      contextRef=ie5c8e4ddb56248e6bf493bcf96424ca1_I20181231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzIzNg_534c0980-9b1b-43f6-a5e7-51601a22731f


      contextRef=ie5c8e4ddb56248e6bf493bcf96424ca1_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzM5Mg_c7b20c45-e33a-4cb6-b567-ee60ffeaae3e


      contextRef=iff302af2ba254d8fabe8ea098e4c111f_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzUzMg_6ce583f8-d227-426a-939f-e682263bedfc


      contextRef=i4e022307fa9640aeb9fe974260013904_D20210301-20210331
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzM2MjQ_18788ad8-b50e-4f28-b1ac-affd047a860d


      contextRef=i7d28616f1cc54743847d43f8b6679993_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzM2NDE_36fd10f6-0ec4-4948-9560-6feab8d48c91


      contextRef=i88037b17de744dd3b787a0e96fa3aa5c_I20190630
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzYwNDczMTM5NTUzNDk_e71f4b44-80de-4165-92b9-6358df857401


      contextRef=i4c047a72549a4182a5fceeb3426c1ce7_I20190630
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzIwNzI_fcf951b1-37ac-4236-88a4-9a932f88b95b


      contextRef=i8bc5d46a25bb49f2bfab744e83da5176_I20190630
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzIwNzY_8250dc0e-cef9-4eb0-a844-74b2d94c20f2


      contextRef=ibc1c8241317449b2a962150dfd420ba1_I20190630
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzIwODE_f851faa2-317e-4492-90e0-b6fb0d0d9ff3


      contextRef=iaad7451a3a7a4bd2ad5705d3d943860b_I20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzIwOTU_cad93ed7-1fcd-4712-b7f8-1122d1e13821


      contextRef=ia5c9c56b58434ef4beac791a167c23e7_D20191001-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzIxMDk_5223a269-498a-4395-9e79-68c1e400bcc6


      contextRef=i9767af68082f40ef87398130b0e4f8f8_I20190930
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzIxMjk_320c6450-d73a-4dec-a934-012a1067f72c


      contextRef=i81e99d4b854c4c79818fd74129c03255_I20190930
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzIxNDM_d39f94db-d719-4f56-9fae-2ca33bbeea8b


      contextRef=ieb46b86eb69a476389034affd087e8ac_D20190401-20190630
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzIxNjM_f463474e-4bbe-46f5-a105-b63f56d35eae


      contextRef=i60e76bcaf5c94e59916005d2e127d23d_D20190701-20190930
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzIxOTA_066b4abd-bd5e-408d-949d-610d05849b91


      contextRef=i9767af68082f40ef87398130b0e4f8f8_I20190930
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzIxNjA_a1da0d05-6cce-4fb9-9557-a476be230ccc


      contextRef=i84a542a154374ff6b90db9a29c9e9cae_D20191101-20191130
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzI1OTU_e8dcc712-ac14-4f10-b44b-64da0b783913


      contextRef=i84a542a154374ff6b90db9a29c9e9cae_D20191101-20191130
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzI2MDk_48241f38-b1a4-49b9-b213-e59298119664


      contextRef=i1aaed887d25341dea61691f91c231243_D20201001-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzMwMjY_8a558348-b2cc-4c10-b885-4a0a7d95dbc5


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xMzYvZnJhZzo4MzdiMmVmNGUwZjc0MTRmODhjNzU0Y2RlMjNmMjFhMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzN2IyZWY0ZTBmNzQxNGY4OGM3NTRjZGUyM2YyMWEwXzI3NDg3NzkwNzI2MjQ_504eab56-090c-4a74-bd97-0fc20a04422f


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 investments classified as available for sale and short-term and long-term debt; investments classified as available for sale are the only assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;All of the Company&#x2019;s investments mature within two years or less. The par value
 amortized cost
 gross unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value of investments classified as available for sale as of December&#160;31
 2020 and December&#160;31
 2019 were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.269%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.573%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.783%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31




507&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.269%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.573%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.783%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31




006&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Gross unrealized gains on available for sale securities were&#160;less than $0.1 million&#160;as of December&#160;31
 2020. The Company believes the gross unrealized gains are temporary as it does not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 other than the assets and liabilities related to Seven Hills Winery acquired in 2016
 the Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.&#160;For cash and cash equivalents
 the carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their fair values. For short-term debt
 the carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their fair values. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 the Company has estimated the fair value of its outstanding debt to be approximately $29.0 million compared to its carrying value of $24.7 million
 based upon discounted cash flows with Level 3 inputs
 such as the terms that management believes would currently be available to the Company for similar issues of debt
 taking into account the current credit risk of the Company and other factors.&#160;Level 3 inputs include market rates obtained from American AgCredit
 FLCA (&#x201c;Lender&#x201d;) as of December&#160;31
 2020 of 3.80%
 3.63%
 and 1.00% for the 2015 Term Loan
 2017 Term Loan
 and 2020 PPP Term Loan respectively
 as further discussed in Note 10


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 amortized cost
 gross unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value of investments classified as available for sale as of December&#160;31
 2020 and December&#160;31
 2019 were as follows (in thousands):&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.269%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.573%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.783%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31




507&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.269%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.573%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.472%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.536%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.783%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31






      contextRef=i0d8ffb1e76894f1cb033f5bb76b196fe_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZTo0YzFmNGRkZDRkZGI0ZTJjYWIzM2U5MTZmODhlYzYzOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRjMWY0ZGRkNGRkYjRlMmNhYjMzZTkxNmY4OGVjNjM4XzEtMi0xLTEtMA_9ed03949-63f8-49b0-81bc-8a8a15be3c21


      contextRef=i626989f26b734efe9cd3ad82ea06a3d1_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZTo0YzFmNGRkZDRkZGI0ZTJjYWIzM2U5MTZmODhlYzYzOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRjMWY0ZGRkNGRkYjRlMmNhYjMzZTkxNmY4OGVjNjM4XzEtNC0xLTEtMA_6bfd04eb-bd04-4bc1-a689-8da15afbb494


      contextRef=i626989f26b734efe9cd3ad82ea06a3d1_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZTo0YzFmNGRkZDRkZGI0ZTJjYWIzM2U5MTZmODhlYzYzOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRjMWY0ZGRkNGRkYjRlMmNhYjMzZTkxNmY4OGVjNjM4XzEtNi0xLTEtMA_a1e70224-4c1c-4ddd-96b5-c4107b9284c9


      contextRef=i626989f26b734efe9cd3ad82ea06a3d1_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZTo0YzFmNGRkZDRkZGI0ZTJjYWIzM2U5MTZmODhlYzYzOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRjMWY0ZGRkNGRkYjRlMmNhYjMzZTkxNmY4OGVjNjM4XzEtOC0xLTEtMA_b8750e20-1b87-4c66-a2b5-5b21a19340b7


      contextRef=i5b66e8054fe74670a9aaf28d66231cf9_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZTo0YzFmNGRkZDRkZGI0ZTJjYWIzM2U5MTZmODhlYzYzOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRjMWY0ZGRkNGRkYjRlMmNhYjMzZTkxNmY4OGVjNjM4XzEtMTAtMS0xLTA_056f5b39-7b5d-4c01-82bc-c6460be16a85


      contextRef=i5034ebee1f3a49b1874edcbffc9708a8_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZTo0YzFmNGRkZDRkZGI0ZTJjYWIzM2U5MTZmODhlYzYzOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRjMWY0ZGRkNGRkYjRlMmNhYjMzZTkxNmY4OGVjNjM4XzEtMTItMS0xLTA_f3d52b6d-7622-474a-b248-e92e5014499a


      contextRef=i626989f26b734efe9cd3ad82ea06a3d1_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZTo0YzFmNGRkZDRkZGI0ZTJjYWIzM2U5MTZmODhlYzYzOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRjMWY0ZGRkNGRkYjRlMmNhYjMzZTkxNmY4OGVjNjM4XzEtMTQtMS0xLTA_122ee729-6462-4a21-8097-1170ec704995


      contextRef=i833da51a0c874926a843400234768206_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZToyYjU4ZDIyZGViMzg0ZDdiYTI0NzVkOWExNWQzOTdmMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJiNThkMjJkZWIzODRkN2JhMjQ3NWQ5YTE1ZDM5N2YxXzItMi0xLTEtMA_f6d51871-e223-48aa-addb-30352fe7c2ab


      contextRef=i179018ae9ab44a0aaaad2e1737b7cd75_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZToyYjU4ZDIyZGViMzg0ZDdiYTI0NzVkOWExNWQzOTdmMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJiNThkMjJkZWIzODRkN2JhMjQ3NWQ5YTE1ZDM5N2YxXzItNC0xLTEtMA_0def32be-c1c9-44ab-b997-0acc9a737105


      contextRef=i179018ae9ab44a0aaaad2e1737b7cd75_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZToyYjU4ZDIyZGViMzg0ZDdiYTI0NzVkOWExNWQzOTdmMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJiNThkMjJkZWIzODRkN2JhMjQ3NWQ5YTE1ZDM5N2YxXzItNi0xLTEtMA_f95cea6b-2a46-42ce-b950-cf89ead2aa2f


      contextRef=i179018ae9ab44a0aaaad2e1737b7cd75_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZToyYjU4ZDIyZGViMzg0ZDdiYTI0NzVkOWExNWQzOTdmMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJiNThkMjJkZWIzODRkN2JhMjQ3NWQ5YTE1ZDM5N2YxXzItOC0xLTEtMA_48e1180a-bcc1-40cb-bf27-3fa9bffbef31


      contextRef=id72187f6c1814eaba3e88c6b2801a67a_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZToyYjU4ZDIyZGViMzg0ZDdiYTI0NzVkOWExNWQzOTdmMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJiNThkMjJkZWIzODRkN2JhMjQ3NWQ5YTE1ZDM5N2YxXzItMTAtMS0xLTA_7347346d-32bf-4d85-9eb0-97b2f1eff7d6


      contextRef=i71fd77a25edb44f08d966b44f7fc9162_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZToyYjU4ZDIyZGViMzg0ZDdiYTI0NzVkOWExNWQzOTdmMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJiNThkMjJkZWIzODRkN2JhMjQ3NWQ5YTE1ZDM5N2YxXzItMTItMS0xLTA_aba1b8a1-e4b5-4ec9-9fcd-6fa1efe7073a


      contextRef=i179018ae9ab44a0aaaad2e1737b7cd75_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90YWJsZToyYjU4ZDIyZGViMzg0ZDdiYTI0NzVkOWExNWQzOTdmMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJiNThkMjJkZWIzODRkN2JhMjQ3NWQ5YTE1ZDM5N2YxXzItMTQtMS0xLTA_ca91250d-8da1-48ea-9250-abcefea69625


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjk2OGI2YzhhYzM2NTQ2NDViZDU5OWFjMDc4MmYwYzU2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzEyNTg_d06bd79a-6f75-4b7f-9009-3c61c8d54c95


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjk2OGI2YzhhYzM2NTQ2NDViZDU5OWFjMDc4MmYwYzU2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzE1Mzg_95653d94-e863-4eaf-ace6-c8af472d5367


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjk2OGI2YzhhYzM2NTQ2NDViZDU5OWFjMDc4MmYwYzU2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzE1NDQ_8b2e84e4-ca49-4d07-bfd7-21ae53daafbe


      contextRef=ief2312fab0004902b443cdb06117ea02_I20201231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjk2OGI2YzhhYzM2NTQ2NDViZDU5OWFjMDc4MmYwYzU2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzE1MTg_105d7f49-a944-4c8a-83cc-5dd8113361ed


      contextRef=i5446505cb7684da3928907226b9adba1_I20201231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjk2OGI2YzhhYzM2NTQ2NDViZDU5OWFjMDc4MmYwYzU2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzE1MjI_e1b3f880-6999-4f03-b171-5ee36e3334f5


      contextRef=i67744bb4ba384c10bd2f8ccc7bb64492_I20201231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDIvZnJhZzo5NjhiNmM4YWMzNjU0NjQ1YmQ1OTlhYzA3ODJmMGM1Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjk2OGI2YzhhYzM2NTQ2NDViZDU5OWFjMDc4MmYwYzU2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzE1MjY_47349612-712f-4f34-a3df-fce98f905e97


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020&#160;and 2019
 and amortization expense for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
&#160;is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.122%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:19.696%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.289%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.339%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.436%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.192%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.339%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.289%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.198%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31







700&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

700&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
634&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

900&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

900&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1









950&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:12pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31


287&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The estimated aggregate future amortization of intangible assets as of December&#160;31









      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020&#160;and 2019
 and amortization expense for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
&#160;is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.122%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:19.696%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.289%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.339%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.436%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.192%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.339%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.289%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.537%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.198%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31







700&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

700&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
634&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

900&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

900&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1









950&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:12pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31




      contextRef=idb38342194184a15965708abc66f7f43_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=ic6cfdb854f014a07aae827bda8e99129_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i6821e1da3636445bb843daa183fd194a_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzItMy0xLTEtMA_114dab07-3ea7-416f-995a-d772b9df534c


      contextRef=i6821e1da3636445bb843daa183fd194a_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzItNS0xLTEtMA_34749a2e-69eb-4d8e-acb2-3eef5ef0aa98


      contextRef=i6821e1da3636445bb843daa183fd194a_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzItNy0xLTEtMA_979f4e25-2450-4625-806f-e9fd92d97902


      contextRef=i1d919299e20148bc88322ed6236a8bd3_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzItOS0xLTEtMA_a9288874-f2f9-45a9-8545-dca45c51fde9


      contextRef=i1d919299e20148bc88322ed6236a8bd3_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzItMTEtMS0xLTA_1b633dca-3d68-463b-9920-6fb0114ef081


      contextRef=i1d919299e20148bc88322ed6236a8bd3_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzItMTMtMS0xLTA_ff9999ad-1acc-4bc4-b312-3afc053282ed


      contextRef=i9bac639dfb2b419cbd79b1dd6a8065b0_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=ia6e26730aa7d4552b8dfbb1e563e42d5_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i593c11c687744e3e8d2cac725d814250_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_3995802a-8f59-4d85-b08d-ffcbbe9f9f40


      contextRef=i593c11c687744e3e8d2cac725d814250_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_e91c4ae0-8d82-4a76-aebf-45bc1903d861


      contextRef=i593c11c687744e3e8d2cac725d814250_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzMtNy0xLTEtMA_3872dc66-167b-41a4-acba-247713f56c90


      contextRef=idc7f4b2fd53e4e3ab0afd4dd10807b96_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzMtOS0xLTEtMA_94b8e5ef-1f1c-44d4-8fb1-3d38171315df


      contextRef=idc7f4b2fd53e4e3ab0afd4dd10807b96_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzMtMTEtMS0xLTA_2a3f5a23-0cb1-49e5-942e-90a7251506ab


      contextRef=idc7f4b2fd53e4e3ab0afd4dd10807b96_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzMtMTMtMS0xLTA_6d0c47e0-63e2-4eb7-b8f6-0bb37e67205b


      contextRef=i0916d77488d94331aafc8009005df54d_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=idaaa3313dca84d6ea249bc20fe73f6bc_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_0b5d100b-66e6-4fcb-9a0c-b4cede88cff0


      contextRef=idaaa3313dca84d6ea249bc20fe73f6bc_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_5379bb8b-0fa2-493a-947c-4034d7a6df2f


      contextRef=idaaa3313dca84d6ea249bc20fe73f6bc_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzQtNy0xLTEtMA_afbfc2db-6bfc-45ac-a8c0-204df65220af


      contextRef=i4141ee214ca847bab282cc047ef0ee50_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzQtOS0xLTEtMA_0211bd1a-fa90-4262-be62-daf0a28db651


      contextRef=i4141ee214ca847bab282cc047ef0ee50_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzQtMTEtMS0xLTA_4bf581e2-ce86-407e-a6af-da909b21d8e6


      contextRef=i4141ee214ca847bab282cc047ef0ee50_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzQtMTMtMS0xLTA_54599c03-9451-4f51-87af-1c3b5af7ad59


      contextRef=i47e2bb6ed0c540dfa3fb25f9cae65b71_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i48843675584b4cccb908b16b27c258de_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_2738f5a5-688c-4b96-80f1-e7694afea39a


      contextRef=i48843675584b4cccb908b16b27c258de_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_b40bb9f4-83d8-4ca5-8389-a69baae524a3


      contextRef=i48843675584b4cccb908b16b27c258de_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzUtNy0xLTEtMA_afbc937b-cd8f-4acc-b6bc-baffb73d5d2b


      contextRef=i014105c045fa4e59a9dee2180b19a7ae_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzUtOS0xLTEtMA_366ed4b0-afe1-4447-957b-2a14f2b985c6


      contextRef=i014105c045fa4e59a9dee2180b19a7ae_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzUtMTEtMS0xLTA_b241be4f-0a17-4f4e-9381-8b55e8bb40ed


      contextRef=i014105c045fa4e59a9dee2180b19a7ae_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzUtMTMtMS0xLTA_8ef33dd5-1532-467d-bb8a-a710dab58139


      contextRef=ib5b44c87884c445283ff0a7dc15c3de6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i1898d8bbc5314cbea8305b59e727ef8d_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_bc51daa1-9672-4241-a6cc-1818d699d020


      contextRef=i1898d8bbc5314cbea8305b59e727ef8d_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_d90e157b-14f0-419b-b271-84024bdd4dc8


      contextRef=i1898d8bbc5314cbea8305b59e727ef8d_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzYtNy0xLTEtMA_453d7d6f-2b9d-4314-9ecf-7b0a46ce1d34


      contextRef=ica028b0471d3400286eb9283f8b25346_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzYtOS0xLTEtMA_29964a96-5582-4238-a6da-6d7bdb34e1a9


      contextRef=ica028b0471d3400286eb9283f8b25346_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzYtMTEtMS0xLTA_e8af3a75-05b6-474e-9a43-00e49db03e19


      contextRef=ica028b0471d3400286eb9283f8b25346_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzYtMTMtMS0xLTA_25d33b35-0871-4fbb-9c1d-3ae7cb577ced


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzctMy0xLTEtMA_424728a2-995c-4bf6-bf37-b8e623179dbd


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzctNS0xLTEtMA_3590a7a0-b17e-4e54-8aa7-74c9863bc7d6


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzctNy0xLTEtMA_58351eac-2d8c-4e98-b8cb-bfeaeeed3663


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzctOS0xLTEtMA_97acba98-ddec-40d5-910e-d8751e27600d


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzctMTEtMS0xLTA_db42fdfb-ce26-4698-bbc1-57fa6007f483


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzctMTMtMS0xLTA_7d4e2f88-39c5-48ee-8f5b-1dcddd70818c


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzgtNy0xLTEtMA_6828719d-a1e9-4279-86fe-b1aa62d9a93e


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzgtMTMtMS0xLTA_5b0db133-6f06-4e95-9469-41a40e2b4f9b


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzktNy0xLTEtMA_3dbe1865-f8c6-4e31-b4ac-3220ac84837c


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzktMTMtMS0xLTA_adff1aa9-907a-4430-8952-206ad72a2742


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzEzLTExLTEtMS0w_86af361c-a126-458d-9b10-3b0bb6766837


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo4NDc2YjNmYmRlNjQ0ODIxYTJkMDdiNjA0ZTUxNzU2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NzZiM2ZiZGU2NDQ4MjFhMmQwN2I2MDRlNTE3NTYzXzEzLTEzLTEtMS0w_cb0a5881-962d-4a5f-b872-b4706b3afb00


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231










      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo0NWIxMjMyMWY2OTg0MDdmYWI5NGM3ODljMTcwNjFlYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ1YjEyMzIxZjY5ODQwN2ZhYjk0Yzc4OWMxNzA2MWVhXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_2b72c073-f2b6-4485-b195-2fbeaa553420


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo0NWIxMjMyMWY2OTg0MDdmYWI5NGM3ODljMTcwNjFlYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ1YjEyMzIxZjY5ODQwN2ZhYjk0Yzc4OWMxNzA2MWVhXzItMS0xLTEtMA_8719278c-6b3f-41ca-9a82-fc676af6d7aa


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo0NWIxMjMyMWY2OTg0MDdmYWI5NGM3ODljMTcwNjFlYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ1YjEyMzIxZjY5ODQwN2ZhYjk0Yzc4OWMxNzA2MWVhXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_48b72840-44a5-4da8-88d0-b94a29399e17


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo0NWIxMjMyMWY2OTg0MDdmYWI5NGM3ODljMTcwNjFlYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ1YjEyMzIxZjY5ODQwN2ZhYjk0Yzc4OWMxNzA2MWVhXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_24526a3b-6263-4ef2-a99b-78188ca405ba


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo0NWIxMjMyMWY2OTg0MDdmYWI5NGM3ODljMTcwNjFlYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ1YjEyMzIxZjY5ODQwN2ZhYjk0Yzc4OWMxNzA2MWVhXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_08ef734c-edd5-4d20-9360-2cfe4944ed33


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo0NWIxMjMyMWY2OTg0MDdmYWI5NGM3ODljMTcwNjFlYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ1YjEyMzIxZjY5ODQwN2ZhYjk0Yzc4OWMxNzA2MWVhXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_ac4f7931-7ee3-4955-9ec8-3232c12b4783


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNDgvZnJhZzo2MTIyMDMxYWMwOTg0YzA3OTE3ZmUxODczY2IwZTBiMS90YWJsZTo0NWIxMjMyMWY2OTg0MDdmYWI5NGM3ODljMTcwNjFlYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ1YjEyMzIxZjY5ODQwN2ZhYjk0Yzc4OWMxNzA2MWVhXzctMS0xLTEtMA_17b01424-df49-46e7-8ddb-4e71eb007cef


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020&#160;and 2019&#160;(in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.951%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:21.008%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:21.009%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31



349&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2







      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020&#160;and 2019&#160;(in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.951%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:21.008%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:21.009%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31



349&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2







      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzEtMS0xLTEtMA_fa7b936b-ed27-47cf-832d-c553e7704e92


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzEtMy0xLTEtMA_dcd37acb-80cb-428d-a13f-cdb2d23b654c


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzItMS0xLTEtMA_0f5f0540-15dd-4103-a028-26c5ba23787f


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzItMy0xLTEtMA_4e63cc5f-05e5-42c7-888c-fcb5daef382a


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_3055f825-f903-4e90-92f1-41a270e551f3


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_c5f1c2f9-c035-4c4f-85de-24d876b1fac0


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_20fcdb45-6c4e-452e-8a09-45a83a5d7bff


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_d325edf2-b072-4b2d-a3d7-0e9f513a7021


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_52aea496-3f8a-4da9-a085-6d5b8faa8577


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_82e4b5a5-a3ca-4150-a587-9a8f40080dc6


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzYtMS0xLTEtMA_4e910828-e7dc-47dc-829d-bc83898ceb41


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzYtMy0xLTEtMA_16ff2579-2d8f-4959-9327-069478e0507a


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzctMS0xLTEtMA_b016ba7b-e6fb-4b77-a1c0-f7f06649992a


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzctMy0xLTEtMA_d71ea8bb-1a8c-4959-985f-7c3f760e1a75


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_56075384-33c6-49ab-afa0-10f28be11b98


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_62bc1940-2dbd-42e1-9b86-ae5270c7dbb6


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzExLTEtMS0xLTA_81205a96-5b3c-454d-9da6-b21599c027b2


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzExLTMtMS0xLTA_7e233eed-a845-4212-8264-7cd09e0438ac


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_90ee3934-83b3-4210-9aa1-ee59ef1a736f


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTQvZnJhZzoyZDFmMTRmYjRhNjE0NjIyODkwMjUwZjhmM2YwZGFjYy90YWJsZTowMmViNWU3NmJhNTU0YzI2ODUzYTI5ZjE1MTBmMjIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAyZWI1ZTc2YmE1NTRjMjY4NTNhMjlmMTUxMGYyMjI4XzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_dbb41d55-d285-409d-858a-c3ded2e06d3b


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 Crimson&#160;and its subsidiaries entered into a&#160;$60.0 million&#160;revolving credit facility (the &#x201c;2013 Revolving Credit Facility&#x201d;) with American AgCredit
 FLCA
 as agent for the lenders identified in the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility
 comprised of a revolving loan facility (the &#x201c;Revolving Loan&#x201d;) and a term revolving loan facility (the &#x201c;Term Revolving Loan&#x201d;)
 which together are secured by substantially all of Crimson&#x2019;s assets. In March 2018
 Crimson and its subsidiaries entered into the second amendment to the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility with American AgCredit
 FLCA (the &#x201c;Second Amendment&#x201d;). The Second Amendment modified certain provisions of the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility
 including
 among other things
 extending the Revolving Loan and Term Revolving Loan termination dates to March 31
 2023
 extending the Term Revolving Loan conversion date to March 31
 2023 and extending the Term Revolving Loan maturity date to March 31
 2033.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Revolving Loan is for up to&#160;$10.0 million&#160;in the aggregate for a&#160;five year term
 and the Term Revolving Loan is for up to&#160;$50.0 million&#160;in the aggregate for a&#160;fifteen year term. All obligations of Crimson under the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility are collateralized by certain real property
 including vineyards and certain winery facilities of Crimson
 accounts receivable
 inventory and intangible&#160;assets. In addition to unused line fees ranging from&#160;0.15%&#160;to&#160;0.25%
 rates for the borrowings are priced based on a performance grid tied to certain financial ratios and the London Interbank Offered Rate.&#160;The 2013 Revolving Credit Facility can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes. Covenants include the maintenance of specified debt and equity ratios
 limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness
 limitations on dividends and other distributions to shareholders and restrictions on certain mergers
 consolidations and sales of assets. No&#160;amounts have been borrowed under the 2013 Revolving Credit&#160;Facility to date. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Details of the Company&#x2019;s debt as of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019 are as follows (dollars in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:11pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:22.765%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.815%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31






875&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8

375&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8


546&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
274&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3


401&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21
309&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;24
710&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
140&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21
175&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22








 2015
&#160;Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC&#160;(&#x201c;PRW Borrower&#x201d;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of&#160;Crimson
&#160;entered into a senior secured term loan agreement (the &#x201c;2015 Term Loan&#x201d;) with American AgCredit
 FLCA (&#x201c;Lender&#x201d;) for an aggregate principal amount of&#160;$16.0 million. Amounts outstanding under the 2015 Term Loan bear a fixed interest rate of 5.24% per annum.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The 2015 Term Loan will mature on October 1
 2040 (the 2015 Term Loan Maturity Date). On the first day of each January
 April
 July and October
 commencing January 1
 2016
 PRW Borrower is required to make a principal payment in the amount of&#160;$160
000&#160;and an interest payment equal to the amount of all interest accrued through the previous day. A final payment of all unpaid principal
 interest and any other charges with respect to the&#160;2015 Term Loan&#160;shall be due and payable on the 2015 Loan Maturity Date.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company incurred debt issuance costs&#160;of approximately&#160;$0.1 million&#160;related to the 2015 Term Loan. These costs are recorded&#160;as a reduction from short-term or long-term debt based on the timeframe in which the fees will be expensed
 and as such

 capital projects and other general corporate purposes.&#160;As of December&#160;31
 2020
 $12.6 million in principal was outstanding on the 2015 Term Loan
 and unamortized loan fees were&#160;less than $0.1 million.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(ii) On June 29
 2017
 Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC&#160;(the &#x201c;DCV Borrower&#x201d; and
 individually and collectively with the PRW Borrower
 &#x201c;Borrower&#x201d;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crimson
 entered into a senior secured term loan agreement (the &#x201c;2017 Term Loan&#x201d;) with the Lender for an aggregate principal amount of $10.0 million. Amounts outstanding under the 2017 Term Loan bear a fixed interest rate of 5.39% per annum.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The 2017 Term Loan will mature on July 1
 2037 (the 2017 Loan Maturity Date). On the first day of each January
 April
 July and October
 commencing October 1
 2017
 DCV Borrower is required to make a principal payment in the amount of $125
000 and an interest payment equal to the amount of all interest accrued through the previous day. A final payment of all unpaid principal

 capital projects and other general corporate purposes. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 $8.3 million in principal was outstanding on the 2017 Term Loan
 and unamortized loan fees were less than $0.1 million. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Borrower&#x2019;s&#160;obligations under the&#160;2015 Term Loan and 2017 Term Loan&#160;are&#160;guaranteed by the Company.&#160;All&#160;obligations of&#160;Borrower&#160;under the&#160;2015 Term Loan and 2017 Term Loan&#160;are collateralized by certain real property of the Company.&#160;Borrower&#x2019;s covenants include the maintenance of a specified debt service coverage ratio&#160;and certain customary affirmative and negative covenants
 including limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness; limitations on distributions to shareholders; and restrictions on certain investments
 sale of assets and merging or consolidating with other parties.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(iii) In March 2020
 in light of the global outbreak of the COVID-19 virus
 Congress passed the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security (&#x201c;CARES&#x201d;) Act. The CARES Act included a small business stimulus program called the Paycheck Protection Program (&#x201c;PPP&#x201d;)
 which is intended to provide loans to qualified businesses to
 as originally implemented
 support eight weeks of payroll and other identified costs. PPP loans are eligible for partial or full forgiveness. On June 3
 2020
 Congress passed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act of 2020 which
 among other things
 extended the loan forgiveness period for PPP loans from eight weeks to 24 weeks and increased the cap on usage of the loan on non-payroll costs from 25% to 40%.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In April 2020
 the Company successfully secured a $3.8 million PPP loan. Under the CARES Act
 the loan is eligible for forgiveness for the portion used to cover payroll costs and other specified non-payroll costs
 including interest on mortgage obligations
 rent and utilities (provided any non-payroll costs do not exceed 40% of the forgiven amount) over an eight-week or 24-week period after the loan is made if employee and compensation levels are maintained. The Company intends to apply for forgiveness of amounts received under the PPP in accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act
 as amended. Any loan amounts forgiven will be removed from liabilities recorded. While the Company used the proceeds of the PPP Loan only for permissible purposes
 there can be no assurance that it will be eligible for forgiveness of the PPP Loan
 in full or in part.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On April 22
 2020
 Crimson entered into an unsecured term loan agreement (the &#x201c;2020 PPP Term Loan&#x201d;) with the Lender for an aggregate principal amount of $3.8 million. Amounts outstanding under the 2020 PPP Term Loan bear a fixed interest rate of 1.00% per annum. If all or a portion of the 2020 PPP Term Loan is not forgiven
 any accrued and unpaid interest shall be added to the outstanding balance (&#x201c;Adjusted Loan Balance&#x201d;).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The 2020 PPP Term Loan will mature on April 1
 2022 (the &#x201c;2020 Loan Maturity Date&#x201d;). Based on the current terms of the loan
 there are two scenarios of payment. The first scenario calls for the payments on the loan to commence on the first day of the month following the date on which the Lender receives the applicable forgiveness amount
 if any
 from the Small Business Administration (&#x201c;SBA&#x201d;)
 if a balance on the loan remains after the forgiveness amount has been applied. If all obligations under the loan are forgiven by the SBA
 no payments will be required. The second scenario applies if Crimson fails to timely apply for forgiveness of the 2020 PPP Term Loan. In this second scenario
 the payments on the loan will commence on the first day of the month that is 10 months after the end of the eight-week period following the date of loan origination
 April 22
 2020. Crimson is required to make payments of equal monthly principal and interest based on the Adjusted Loan Balance. A final payment of all unpaid principal
 interest and any other charges with respect to the 2020 PPP Term Loan shall be due and &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;payable on the 2020 Loan Maturity Date. The amortization period of equal monthly principal and interest will be adjusted based on which payment scenario is triggered. While the loan currently has a two-year maturity
 the amended law permits the borrower to request a five-year maturity from its lender.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The full $3.8 million was drawn at closing and the 2020 PPP Term Loan can be used for the purposes authorized and approved in the CARES Act. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 $3.8 million in principal was outstanding on the 2020 PPP Term Loan.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On December 22
 2020
 the Company concluded that its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of the year ending December 31
 2020 and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019 can no longer be relied upon as the result of material accounting errors identified by management. As a result
 as of December&#160;31
 2020
 this constituted a breach of covenants in the Company&#x2019;s credit and loan agreements as a result of the untimely delivery of accurate consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. On March 17
 2021
 the Lender provided the Company a waiver for the aforementioned breach of covenants with the understanding that restated covenant certificates will be submitted on or before April 30

 the Company&#160;was&#160;in&#160;compliance with all debt covenants related to financial ratios
 limitations and restrictions as of December&#160;31
 2020. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;A summary of debt maturities as of December&#160;31









      contextRef=i2621e530bc82462188aeb230403427fc_I20130331
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzEwMQ_1ef40f6e-c067-4366-99ef-cf91619498b2


      contextRef=i99ea3cb4619e4a498774dd9fbf6f1501_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzEwMjE_b2a62cb7-ff61-471a-839d-0cba8df4f5c3


      contextRef=i5ccdb4944a674eb3a4630cca8944211f_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i9e9bb03357d146a2a649d7b5f5353e92_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzExMDI_d330e2ac-45c8-4132-a83d-c0addbe339d7


      contextRef=if5e6afa2830a43fdae502f95b861da04_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i960023b872be4f43b6c2a6c7c53e40e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzE0MTY_87593128-619a-42e2-bcab-8d2fe069def5


      contextRef=i7d8cb8c2cd384a5182fd5cb2d0ee7c70_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzE0MjI_09871ee0-ef5a-4e4c-a0b0-f13165a2487a


      contextRef=i92a1621d093b4979a73462801e1af445_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzE5NTM_171e8f74-60b4-4b74-9494-d7ab1bc9faf2


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020 and 2019 are as follows (dollars in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:11pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:22.765%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:6.952%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.815%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31






875&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8

375&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8


546&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
274&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3


401&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21
309&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;24
710&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
140&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21
175&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22









      contextRef=ic70f1f37538446bf92511e5fc14119fb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzItMi0xLTEtMA_470e25d0-78d7-43d4-99b5-a0f6d7af874a


      contextRef=ic70f1f37538446bf92511e5fc14119fb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzItNC0xLTEtMA_2b156a59-dbc3-4106-83b8-10bc5397f786


      contextRef=ic70f1f37538446bf92511e5fc14119fb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzItNi0xLTEtMA_16b69889-f764-43ab-89f1-b2f2a36a69be


      contextRef=i0fdc650b214844c08de285e5b9e44b9b_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzItOC0xLTEtMA_3b08b967-240d-4951-8308-dff1f0566922


      contextRef=i0fdc650b214844c08de285e5b9e44b9b_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzItMTAtMS0xLTA_7c183dd9-840f-4c42-962b-c4ed9b4b6826


      contextRef=i0fdc650b214844c08de285e5b9e44b9b_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzItMTItMS0xLTA_779757c5-faa1-46fe-801b-8e4dfb1aec1e


      contextRef=ic70f1f37538446bf92511e5fc14119fb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzItMTQtMS0xLTA_217023af-b28f-417d-9cae-9ebf1b006caa


      contextRef=i7a18f98200404c4cbd9bffbdc6a92c80_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_26eb5de2-22f9-430a-832d-4c6ee11ac9a1


      contextRef=i7a18f98200404c4cbd9bffbdc6a92c80_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_627df6c2-b5c9-42a9-b1f3-8d189ac48752


      contextRef=i7a18f98200404c4cbd9bffbdc6a92c80_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzMtNi0xLTEtMA_abab306f-162c-4f26-993b-584ffac95794


      contextRef=i62719df1058049bebb32142116db251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzMtOC0xLTEtMA_6a1b4246-97c4-415e-b655-24d5e248b9cc


      contextRef=i62719df1058049bebb32142116db251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzMtMTAtMS0xLTA_7a9c2374-5100-47c5-9716-8b207b8676a3


      contextRef=i62719df1058049bebb32142116db251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzMtMTItMS0xLTA_39ae4409-b5ac-4371-80d9-901b6d543a1b


      contextRef=i7a18f98200404c4cbd9bffbdc6a92c80_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzMtMTQtMS0xLTA_ff1698b7-30df-4c64-ab2b-eed67f2eb93d


      contextRef=i9247b694734c48d6b2317cf17b721a05_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtMi0xLTEtMTAzNg_e48d56a8-4f96-4a26-82ce-a1eada830c6e


      contextRef=i9247b694734c48d6b2317cf17b721a05_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtNC0xLTEtMTAzNg_aeb99a7f-ded0-4a9b-a425-49e666fe1f49


      contextRef=i9247b694734c48d6b2317cf17b721a05_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtNi0xLTEtMTAzNg_9af3efd5-aab4-4043-966f-6563e69d123f


      contextRef=icb636403c1bc4980bfb1d25a555402f8_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtOC0xLTEtMTAzNg_5e72cebf-5c4c-4770-87f9-ff41c819b6c7


      contextRef=icb636403c1bc4980bfb1d25a555402f8_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtMTAtMS0xLTEwMzY_ca53b2c9-679b-4291-8c8a-d46d1480a4e3


      contextRef=icb636403c1bc4980bfb1d25a555402f8_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtMTItMS0xLTEwMzY_c60476b9-5d75-4ece-b073-def73e98200a


      contextRef=i9247b694734c48d6b2317cf17b721a05_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtMTQtMS0xLTc5MTI_e8bb5e3e-bca6-4fde-9259-45fb57cc80e5


      contextRef=id4551b1492764885b72ecb4015fdab2c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtMi0xLTEtMA_8242107d-c020-40dc-83c2-b550127f8dea


      contextRef=id4551b1492764885b72ecb4015fdab2c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtNC0xLTEtMA_f5be6704-cae7-401b-b987-31de8d8a8188


      contextRef=id4551b1492764885b72ecb4015fdab2c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtNi0xLTEtMA_dccefd55-65ce-42cf-900e-3971ef549e56


      contextRef=id48a9f5a86ba4957ba8d23c9e571d3c5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtOC0xLTEtMA_e7d771bf-641d-4276-b6b9-434a37604adf


      contextRef=id48a9f5a86ba4957ba8d23c9e571d3c5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtMTAtMS0xLTA_015236eb-58b5-40c3-adf1-de59c120d4e4


      contextRef=id48a9f5a86ba4957ba8d23c9e571d3c5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzQtMTItMS0xLTA_e66a94ca-f64b-49a8-8f84-ddf9f640e3e8


      contextRef=id4551b1492764885b72ecb4015fdab2c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzUtMi0xLTEtMA_8d69128c-3539-46fa-9dd3-afda5983f7fd


      contextRef=id4551b1492764885b72ecb4015fdab2c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzUtNC0xLTEtMA_457a66db-8f44-481b-890b-b96e91124c54


      contextRef=id4551b1492764885b72ecb4015fdab2c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzUtNi0xLTEtMA_5b76441f-c3f0-4dfe-8363-9f051c36ca6e


      contextRef=id48a9f5a86ba4957ba8d23c9e571d3c5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzUtOC0xLTEtMA_f6f9af60-ecad-4b63-82cc-d70714f1477c


      contextRef=id48a9f5a86ba4957ba8d23c9e571d3c5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzUtMTAtMS0xLTA_397bc59b-b567-4527-9e4b-2206e2e43273


      contextRef=id48a9f5a86ba4957ba8d23c9e571d3c5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzUtMTItMS0xLTA_24d0f487-2d39-4258-a638-0d178c0238e6


      contextRef=id4551b1492764885b72ecb4015fdab2c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzYtMi0xLTEtMA_6877d68b-a89e-4694-a7f4-fd70690a8e6d


      contextRef=id4551b1492764885b72ecb4015fdab2c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzYtNC0xLTEtMA_75c6c6cb-0ee1-492c-a5d8-8d6bfd187a5b


      contextRef=id4551b1492764885b72ecb4015fdab2c_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzYtNi0xLTEtMA_9c3964d5-7673-48b8-994e-d75061779331


      contextRef=id48a9f5a86ba4957ba8d23c9e571d3c5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzYtOC0xLTEtMA_6056d80a-627a-40a0-af82-79b42eae2473


      contextRef=id48a9f5a86ba4957ba8d23c9e571d3c5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzYtMTAtMS0xLTA_6d097c93-5d70-4ebc-b0bd-da64f41f0757


      contextRef=id48a9f5a86ba4957ba8d23c9e571d3c5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZTo5ZGQ5NGZmZDczZWU0ZTJjODM2NmQ4ZmYzMDgzN2YyMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkZDk0ZmZkNzNlZTRlMmM4MzY2ZDhmZjMwODM3ZjIyXzYtMTItMS0xLTA_e3d9da90-d3e4-4283-8348-5836afff1b3e


      contextRef=id6db7b329c4d411a928ded5547612cfd_I20151110
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI0MzA_3dcb1b4f-6108-4555-b2a8-9b61638a86a2


      contextRef=id6db7b329c4d411a928ded5547612cfd_I20151110
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI1MDk_3875795f-34f6-49bd-ab73-c22cabb740cf


      contextRef=i4f8996e7e7344627a48ea4d3007831d8_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3Njk_9e523a46-3527-4ab4-8304-accc10e1ea54


      contextRef=ic70f1f37538446bf92511e5fc14119fb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzMwODk_a0237c33-e833-4d7b-97d6-758901b55d13


      contextRef=id6db7b329c4d411a928ded5547612cfd_I20151110
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzM0OTA_f2b60555-4506-4d29-9506-bfdbe4ac7dec


      contextRef=ief2312fab0004902b443cdb06117ea02_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3NDY_5f182ada-ac4c-4c22-9be5-bbede4e198bb


      contextRef=ic70f1f37538446bf92511e5fc14119fb_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3NTM_4b696410-4518-47a3-a32e-8b135a0915b6


      contextRef=iff02e3a43747487c9b98a6cbbfd04b41_I20170629
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzQwNDQ_20098536-399f-41fa-8fc3-63a0faf7ebfa


      contextRef=iff02e3a43747487c9b98a6cbbfd04b41_I20170629
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzQxMjQ_cff31630-a62c-4433-9dbb-c5cf01a07503


      contextRef=id563e53559f542a8ab7dc9f72ad14e92_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzQzNzY_a5e8a1f2-7a76-43a3-96f4-bbb6d8b97666


      contextRef=i7a18f98200404c4cbd9bffbdc6a92c80_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzQ2OTY_6c7a2b88-b5ca-4fcb-b4e4-8af40c186d36


      contextRef=iff02e3a43747487c9b98a6cbbfd04b41_I20170629
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzQ4NDg_41f32f90-ee9c-4d78-ae11-35ea8524f23e


      contextRef=i5446505cb7684da3928907226b9adba1_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3NjA_4d26dbdb-b655-4b94-849e-5f46a3814fc2


      contextRef=i7a18f98200404c4cbd9bffbdc6a92c80_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3NjY_2c262b37-403c-40bd-a95d-a0583d3fe0e5


      contextRef=i0c240ccb07674cbe807de4f7b16bef32_D20200301-20200331
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk2OTY_5578ed0c-c561-4bfb-b018-bb6f3ba70963


      contextRef=ie1f3b806221747f6b07cb954512ae0e6_D20200603-20200603
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3MDA_04a047f1-54d2-4587-a6f9-df647a5adb15


      contextRef=i617a122067cc4bb0ac199f5aca902546_D20200422-20200422
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3MDQ_d5fe375f-005c-4e8b-b98a-0df488706e7c


      contextRef=ie1f3b806221747f6b07cb954512ae0e6_D20200603-20200603
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3MDk_04a047f1-54d2-4587-a6f9-df647a5adb15


      contextRef=i617a122067cc4bb0ac199f5aca902546_D20200422-20200422
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3MTQ_d5fe375f-005c-4e8b-b98a-0df488706e7c


      contextRef=i9247b694734c48d6b2317cf17b721a05_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3MTg_be34f773-76b8-4a2a-895d-e106b317cc40


      contextRef=i617a122067cc4bb0ac199f5aca902546_D20200422-20200422
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3MzI_d5fe375f-005c-4e8b-b98a-0df488706e7c


      contextRef=i9247b694734c48d6b2317cf17b721a05_I20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZmZDJhZjYzNTA2ZDQ4MGRhMjNlNjU0N2ZkZGViMzA1XzI3NDg3NzkwNzk3NDE_3980f6f6-67f3-462d-a256-d77aaf74cf71


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231










      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZToxODk3MWU3NGEyOGU0MmFiOGU4N2YzODZkMjBlOWUyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE4OTcxZTc0YTI4ZTQyYWI4ZTg3ZjM4NmQyMGU5ZTI1XzAtMS0xLTEtMA_722607ee-fc73-4d5e-9e18-4db28a06eea6


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZToxODk3MWU3NGEyOGU0MmFiOGU4N2YzODZkMjBlOWUyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE4OTcxZTc0YTI4ZTQyYWI4ZTg3ZjM4NmQyMGU5ZTI1XzEtMS0xLTEtMA_41e61cde-d1a0-4500-b72a-ce4d8fec98f4


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZToxODk3MWU3NGEyOGU0MmFiOGU4N2YzODZkMjBlOWUyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE4OTcxZTc0YTI4ZTQyYWI4ZTg3ZjM4NmQyMGU5ZTI1XzItMS0xLTEtMA_b5ff4ec5-0b5e-472d-bf0a-3ffd2e740336


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZToxODk3MWU3NGEyOGU0MmFiOGU4N2YzODZkMjBlOWUyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE4OTcxZTc0YTI4ZTQyYWI4ZTg3ZjM4NmQyMGU5ZTI1XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_1ffe70b2-37fc-485c-9201-0b908950150d


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZToxODk3MWU3NGEyOGU0MmFiOGU4N2YzODZkMjBlOWUyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE4OTcxZTc0YTI4ZTQyYWI4ZTg3ZjM4NmQyMGU5ZTI1XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_aea1edb5-a093-4090-8b3c-ae0f2a17d9f7


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZToxODk3MWU3NGEyOGU0MmFiOGU4N2YzODZkMjBlOWUyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE4OTcxZTc0YTI4ZTQyYWI4ZTg3ZjM4NmQyMGU5ZTI1XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_4e94b5a8-c78e-4088-9af6-3613fb8e0bed


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNTcvZnJhZzpmZmQyYWY2MzUwNmQ0ODBkYTIzZTY1NDdmZGRlYjMwNS90YWJsZToxODk3MWU3NGEyOGU0MmFiOGU4N2YzODZkMjBlOWUyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE4OTcxZTc0YTI4ZTQyYWI4ZTg3ZjM4NmQyMGU5ZTI1XzYtMS0xLTEtMA_f86495a6-e0fb-495d-a29b-891aa8234909


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 the Company commenced a share repurchase program (the &#x201c;2019 Winter Repurchase Program&#x201d;) that provided for the repurchase of up to $2.0 million of outstanding common stock. Under the 2019 Winter Repurchase Program
 any repurchased shares were constructively retired. On April 30
 2019
 the 2019 Winter Repurchase Program was completed. Under the total 2019 Winter Repurchase Program
 the Company repurchased 253

 the Company commenced a share repurchase program (the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program) that provided for the repurchase of up to $2.0 million of outstanding common stock. Under the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program
 any repurchased shares are constructively retired. On December 12
 2019
 the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program was completed. Under the total 2019 Summer Repurchase Program
 the Company repurchased 283

000

 the Company adopted the 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which provides for the granting of up to 1
000
000 stock options or other common stock-based awards. The terms of awards that may be granted
 including vesting and performance criteria
 if any
 will be determined by the Company&#x2019;s board of directors.&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In December 2019
 option grants for 89
000 shares were issued. The options vest annually over five years
 expire in seven years and have an exercise price of $6.87
 the market value at the date of grant. The share-based compensation expense for these grants was $141
000
 the grant date fair value
 which will be recorded over the vesting period. Estimates of share-based compensation expense require a number of complex and subjective assumptions
 including the selection of an option pricing model. The Company determined the grant date fair value of the awards using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;valuation model
 with the following assumptions and values: stock price volatility
 22%; employee exercise patterns and expected life
 5 years; dividend yield
 0%; and risk-free interest rate




 2020
 the total stock-based compensation expense not yet recognized is $113
000


      contextRef=i58dd4c5f414d4433bc8e6fc0f26ee960_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzUzNDA_fa4432f6-f6bc-472d-bdc9-b4dc3d368941


      contextRef=i06c56f2cfd1346f188fbb59499e946c4_D20181201-20190430
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzU2MDg_a0b5dc8b-04c9-40eb-b51c-76c62f96f2cf


      contextRef=i06c56f2cfd1346f188fbb59499e946c4_D20181201-20190430
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzU2NDQ_f09f3fa3-e993-42d0-a94a-415940ae9e30


      contextRef=ia69ff37b6ee449edba62c06276ab17bc_D20190901-20190930
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzU4MDA_86a9a109-8874-44b2-a085-9fb888e626c9


      contextRef=ie5ba205696da4e5e8ff9f4687fbffea9_D20190901-20191212
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzYwNzA_ad4add09-9863-4aba-a092-5f5fe2053108


      contextRef=ie5ba205696da4e5e8ff9f4687fbffea9_D20190901-20191212
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzI3NDg3NzkwNzYxMDY_001ffb24-eb12-4eda-aba5-a2d331a4ee7a


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2Xzkz_b6c3e798-9b79-485a-aae6-a98c73a2e492


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzE0NQ_ed354afb-1363-4ff6-b4f6-758a5fb18024


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzE5Mg_b39ae94e-6d12-4f4a-93df-e7a8a75527bb


      contextRef=ia83109fe67d2486ca867d40fdf7eae00_I20130228
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzQxNg_fc3bc929-e60e-4ca5-81fc-1305aa3faeb2


      contextRef=i012e1cf5f48f4f139ad1813ae80f0097_D20191201-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzY2NA_3749fac0-5f08-4cfb-82ac-890ad8b2031c


      contextRef=i012e1cf5f48f4f139ad1813ae80f0097_D20191201-20191231


      contextRef=i012e1cf5f48f4f139ad1813ae80f0097_D20191201-20191231


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzgwMg_97a393db-3b7d-448b-be6a-99ca431586d4


      contextRef=i012e1cf5f48f4f139ad1813ae80f0097_D20191201-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzkwNQ_79dfc76b-37a6-4d74-b792-574068a971c7


      contextRef=i012e1cf5f48f4f139ad1813ae80f0097_D20191201-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzE0MjU_f6fc7660-acdf-489e-929a-9b65e23f51e0


      contextRef=i012e1cf5f48f4f139ad1813ae80f0097_D20191201-20191231


      contextRef=i012e1cf5f48f4f139ad1813ae80f0097_D20191201-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzE0OTU_00d66c58-bc9e-49ab-90b4-ef15de51a7d9


      contextRef=i012e1cf5f48f4f139ad1813ae80f0097_D20191201-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzE1Mjg_a548a9e2-5359-4e79-ae42-9cf32dda142c


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231





      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzItMS0xLTEtNjkwNQ_3e5a07df-a21e-4ee4-9839-fb8793539821


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzItMy0xLTEtNjkxNg_e944ee26-de3c-49ed-9c45-72226243852e


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzMtMS0xLTEtNjkwNQ_cd0b9472-4fb8-4242-b1bc-90d3ee94f234


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzMtMy0xLTEtNjkxNg_d285fcdf-1c98-4452-b3ec-90bdd79cb943


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzQtMS0xLTEtNjkwNQ_614d70e6-3925-463c-a0d4-9750cc8565e1


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzQtMy0xLTEtNjkxNg_42136f27-e816-46ba-8546-892dfa9f79b6


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzUtMS0xLTEtNjkwNQ_162e5e64-3ff5-4238-be4f-c92ad3614e58


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzUtMy0xLTEtNjkxNg_f07643a3-fda5-471c-af4c-32bcf837bb75


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzYtMS0xLTEtNjkwNQ_04375e05-ca62-46d0-b524-2a447bea36b1


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzYtMy0xLTEtNjkxNg_f8c0fdc3-b134-4dec-aa78-df767f4ca827


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzctMS0xLTEtNjkwNQ_0ec445c3-c667-4bd8-be14-1f7b73e2972d


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZTpkNTYzYWVhZjkyNmI0Yzg5YmEyZTdiNGYxMTkwYWFjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ1NjNhZWFmOTI2YjRjODliYTJlN2I0ZjExOTBhYWMxXzctMy0xLTEtNjkxNg_e0e1255c-abe4-4767-ba85-537119b336d5


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzEtMS0xLTEtNjk2MQ_16569955-9637-466f-bd97-7d149f423ad5


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzEtMy0xLTEtNjk2NQ_91eb2919-878f-4fdb-b152-3ebe81a6f3bb


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzItMS0xLTEtODAzOQ_5e947855-9e8c-446c-8c0f-bea23a8a9e08


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzItMy0xLTEtODAzOQ_e78f726b-1e51-4d60-92e6-481aa763c59a


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzMtMS0xLTEtNjk2MQ_4618e735-1b9e-4167-a305-4182028d8ff0


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzMtMy0xLTEtNjk2NQ_498f6d02-d352-41a6-b2c2-d90317ab1b86


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzQtMS0xLTEtNjk2MQ_aabf464a-f01e-4cb9-bf7c-0cb1c56804a2


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzQtMy0xLTEtNjk2NQ_b3381290-3a40-4dd0-940d-5eaf8315413e


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzUtMS0xLTEtNjk2MQ_3ca844f2-3fd9-4519-9972-7feaad8181af


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90YWJsZToyNzRkMzgwNzBiZWE0MDQxYTAzYWE1ZGYzMDVkMDViZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI3NGQzODA3MGJlYTQwNDFhMDNhYTVkZjMwNWQwNWJmXzUtMy0xLTEtNjk2NQ_7a5f0da3-2066-4a3f-b9e4-4c569e81bd0f


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjMvZnJhZzpjYmM5OGFhYzgyYzc0MWMwODZmMzYwNGZhYjY1Y2I4Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiYzk4YWFjODJjNzQxYzA4NmYzNjA0ZmFiNjVjYjg2XzY1OTcwNjk3NzY2MzA_0e399d07-d045-4693-a80c-e6775bf04503


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2017
 the U.S. enacted tax legislation the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (Public Law 115-97
 &#x201c;TCJA&#x201d; or &#x201c;tax reform&#x201d; or Tax Act)
 which significantly revised the U.S. tax code by
 among other things
 lowering the corporate income tax rate from 34% to 21%
 limiting the deductibility of interest expense
 implementing full cost recovery
 and imposing further limitations on meals and entertainment. We reasonably estimated the effects of the Tax Act and recorded provisional amounts in our financial statements as of December 31
 2017. We recorded a provisional tax benefit for the impact of the Tax Act of approximately $2.7 million as a result of revaluing our net deferred tax liability. In 2018 and 2019
 we completed our determination of the accounting implications of the U.S. Tax Act. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;text-indent:36pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The provision (benefit) for income taxes for years ended December&#160;31

942)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

467)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1


073)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company's income tax returns are subject to examination in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. To the extent the Company has unutilized net operating loss (&#x201c;NOL&#x201d;) carryforwards
 the statute of limitations does not begin to run until the NOL carryforwards are utilized.  Therefore
 for federal and state tax purposes
 the Company has tax years open dating back to 2006.  The Company currently has no unrecognized tax benefits
 and it is not reasonably possible to estimate the amount by which that could increase in the next twelve months since the timing of examinations
 if any
 is unknown.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The principal components of deferred taxes at December&#160;31




373&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

110&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4

244)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6

246)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

587)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(8
030)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net deferred tax liability

090)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2020


280&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Under certain circumstances
 the ability to use the NOL carryforwards and credits could be substantially reduced if certain changes in ownership were to occur. In order to reduce this possibility
 the Company&#x2019;s certificate of incorporation includes a charter restriction that prohibits transfers of the Company&#x2019;s common stock under certain circumstances.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On June 29
 2020
 California signed AB 85 suspending California NOL utilization for tax year 2020
 2021 and 2022 for corporations with net business income of $1 million or more. In the event the Company is precluded from utilizing its NOLs during such years







      contextRef=i6c891fa3d1034f4d9d0825ef2edeccb2_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc0YjdiMTYzY2FlYjQ3OWJhYzk5MTliZTI1OGQ1NTdiXzY1MQ_922ef17c-a0a7-4a04-8b21-e60221643f54


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


942)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

467)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1




      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzItMS0xLTEtMA_857565ce-c644-4254-98df-2513cdef09fd


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzItMy0xLTEtMA_a35b846f-2d8d-4350-a9bb-bc7ebb39eabd


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_18af8a48-b890-4c6c-afc7-2dcca7cc8284


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_1d80968d-9169-4d1e-bbb4-b633b61c8af9


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_84e7b5ed-583c-44ed-853e-93c6a6215bb6


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_f0d76776-ea60-46ad-9a4b-1d39c07de57d


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_0bcc6079-4d5d-487e-bced-83ca313b5d02


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_272943c6-41c0-43e3-b6f3-40418a836358


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzctMS0xLTEtMA_5226b79f-48a5-4df1-96d4-26ff275f839e


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzctMy0xLTEtMA_f59196fc-d7d3-4cea-8dad-7c64d8f84b47


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_609c79e9-666a-4efc-aa81-6895304b5292


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_bef7483f-9c7a-4b05-843f-0b56b4aec778


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzktMS0xLTEtMA_6f3c47cc-23e5-4c34-873f-db4cbe5a48e4


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjY0MzRkMDk4YWQ0NGJmYTZiZGFmYjgwMDJlYmJkYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmNjQzNGQwOThhZDQ0YmZhNmJkYWZiODAwMmViYmRiXzktMy0xLTEtMA_b80be32f-f114-4996-91cc-90c3de55b832


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc0YjdiMTYzY2FlYjQ3OWJhYzk5MTliZTI1OGQ1NTdiXzEzMjU_d751563e-79cc-43fe-b314-312e8c074608


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231





373&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

110&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4

244)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6

246)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

587)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(8
030)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net deferred tax liability



      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzItMS0xLTEtMA_26fd88b8-3185-4852-b4c1-a4ad31f0b0b2


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzItMy0xLTEtMA_3265ecb3-ce65-46a3-908c-6f5265f51ef7


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_9984a81f-ce64-4e4f-ab4d-4627d6f1ecea


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_bb22152d-5f58-402a-af56-9fffdccb682e


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_820cc4be-1e84-4edf-aa0a-eaa3b378f4c3


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_1549a87a-4eed-4141-9c7d-f0b1fb426e96


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_8dc1216c-2f42-4e2d-b418-9e8d2eed68fd


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_f2871382-e401-495f-bf9f-ed69362901d1


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzctMS0xLTEtMA_ab64a511-3d96-4b2f-8fdd-ab08b5710bb1


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzctMy0xLTEtMA_bf6dd7b6-3b2c-49dd-a4ad-3eb4da25be2f


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_a388c87e-bc2e-46fe-a4bc-1494d0140d9c


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_da6927cb-5c7b-42cb-b9cf-e815ebc039f5


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzktMS0xLTEtMA_63ce854a-5b18-4156-90ce-158f376c9ad6


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzktMy0xLTEtMA_5cdfe4e0-58b1-40c9-9dda-4f6561d437b3


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_3ea8f389-5cc3-4265-88cd-97daec02ff87


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_c49889f1-16b1-4ec0-a5d4-91c63bf4b27e


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_62f92658-9e94-4991-8289-ec4d69cd9554


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_f6eaa964-743f-4a51-b7d2-87740a45dbe2


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_9cafec78-af83-4cca-95e4-e2e283d820c0


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzE0LTMtMS0xLTA_da44aaa5-4a7c-4f30-95ab-dfb7d93df220


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_75af5daa-03ea-4c21-8723-e9f8eeea4357


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzE1LTMtMS0xLTA_6000439e-b0a2-4981-a32d-0f0215189bd8


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzE2LTEtMS0xLTA_be165731-5804-4ff5-9b55-92a463c2d742


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzE2LTMtMS0xLTA_c94204d5-3e05-45f8-a9b0-012e23b288aa


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzE3LTEtMS0xLTA_6ddee589-a5bd-41d3-8ef2-b96af77b697e


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo0ODkxZmQwZjIzMzM0N2M3YmRkODBhNWI2ZGJmMjVhMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ4OTFmZDBmMjMzMzQ3YzdiZGQ4MGE1YjZkYmYyNWEwXzE3LTMtMS0xLTA_81889320-52da-4e1d-9c54-92da321687b9


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020




      contextRef=ic6a784f9585c44f8bf37f4b8d2361428_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTo2NDRjNmNjNzFiNzY0YzNiOGZiODM1NTAxMzdiMTc3NS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY0NGM2Y2M3MWI3NjRjM2I4ZmI4MzU1MDEzN2IxNzc1XzEtMS0xLTEtMA_48072ac0-e890-4362-a456-9e8bda10d953


      contextRef=i7153b82c97c04ce0ab86b788b2761ee9_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTozZmM4NmIwMjc4OTA0OTRhODlkMDNhODhiOTQzZWQ1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNmYzg2YjAyNzg5MDQ5NGE4OWQwM2E4OGI5NDNlZDVmXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_325833ed-224c-49d1-b6f1-80ec703828ac


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231







      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_7d259ff8-0124-465f-a366-78c7a07c3573


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzEtMy0xLTEtMA_66c5048a-6b79-4ccc-94d3-64187ae8d7a3


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzItMS0xLTEtMA_ec169030-8b8c-427a-985f-72fc8b44c511


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzItMy0xLTEtMA_ab679b13-08b0-4efa-9055-f04cf3d42c24


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_8fcbdec4-9ac2-4383-943c-e8a7946c9d51


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_110d13e9-4f5a-4783-a0e9-514c6742a142


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzUtMS0xLTEtODEzMA_6b45b22f-0951-4420-8347-381c6aff753f


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzUtMy0xLTEtODEzMA_cbf50dc2-2056-4096-9b01-8eac8f564f71


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_b135ffdb-26c5-4b6b-9f19-1ec487aca2ed


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_93263203-8529-4bd7-ad0d-b5e49bf09010


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_59b35904-66fa-4811-8008-07ec8ee295cc


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNjkvZnJhZzo3NGI3YjE2M2NhZWI0NzliYWM5OTE5YmUyNThkNTU3Yi90YWJsZTpjOGI4NGI1ZmMxZWI0MDUzYWE4ODc2NTc4YjM4MzQ0Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM4Yjg0YjVmYzFlYjQwNTNhYTg4NzY1NzhiMzgzNDQyXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_bdac79f9-97b1-4f9d-ab71-3603fffd4d1e


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 subject to regulatory limitations. Total Company contributions to the plan were $0.3 million for each of the years ended December&#160;31


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzIvZnJhZzpiOTE1YzYzMjFlMWY0MGVlYjIxMDBiZjYwNzQ0ZjJmNC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmI5MTVjNjMyMWUxZjQwZWViMjEwMGJmNjA3NDRmMmY0XzE0OQ_625a71a4-81f6-403b-9957-14839ae78e40


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzIvZnJhZzpiOTE1YzYzMjFlMWY0MGVlYjIxMDBiZjYwNzQ0ZjJmNC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmI5MTVjNjMyMWUxZjQwZWViMjEwMGJmNjA3NDRmMmY0XzI2OA_188356df-c222-4614-9f86-5c3d7e3017db


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzIvZnJhZzpiOTE1YzYzMjFlMWY0MGVlYjIxMDBiZjYwNzQ0ZjJmNC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmI5MTVjNjMyMWUxZjQwZWViMjEwMGJmNjA3NDRmMmY0XzI2OA_a2441140-f99b-4860-9986-b2dffb6806ca


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 Wholesale net sales and Direct to Consumer net sales
&#160;which are reportable segments for financial statement reporting purposes
 based upon their different distribution channels
 margins and selling strategies. Wholesale net sales include all sales through a third party where prices are given at a wholesale rate
 whereas Direct to Consumer net sales include retail sales in the tasting room
 remote sites and on-site events
 wine club net sales
 direct phone sales

 centralized selling expenses and general and administrative expenses are not allocated between operating segments. Therefore
 net income information for the respective segments is not available. Based on the nature of the Company&#x2019;s business
 revenue generating assets are utilized across segments. Therefore
 discrete financial information related to segment assets and other balance sheet data is not available and that information continues to be aggregated.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table outlines the net sales
 cost of sales
 gross profit (loss)
 directly attributable selling expenses and operating income (loss) for the&#160;Company&#x2019;s reportable&#160;segments for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 and also includes a reconciliation of consolidated income (loss) from operations. Other/Non-allocable net sales and gross profit include bulk wine and grape sales










694&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22
635&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10
205&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8
853&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11
517&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10
538&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;44
416&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;42

155&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10
385&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16
210&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17
986&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(7
673)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(3
262)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19
692&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25

108&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
635&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
067&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7
163&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3
075&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4
158&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14
250&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17

369&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11
792&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11
369&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11

108&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
635&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
067&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7
163&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14
444&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15
950&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25
619&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29



347&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2
193&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
347&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2










      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmRhZDgwNjEwZGYwOTQzNDE5MjFhM2ZhZThhMjUzOGMzXzY2_d229ff39-ceaf-4413-90dc-ad303ac6fe96


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmRhZDgwNjEwZGYwOTQzNDE5MjFhM2ZhZThhMjUzOGMzXzYyMg_0a6c0e72-7847-46ef-8977-a58130a928eb


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 cost of sales
 gross profit (loss)
 directly attributable selling expenses and operating income (loss) for the&#160;Company&#x2019;s reportable&#160;segments for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 and also includes a reconciliation of consolidated income (loss) from operations. Other/Non-allocable net sales and gross profit include bulk wine and grape sales










694&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22
635&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10
205&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8
853&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11
517&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10
538&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;44
416&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;42

155&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10
385&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16
210&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17
986&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(7
673)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(3
262)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19
692&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25

108&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
635&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
067&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7
163&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3
075&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4
158&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14
250&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17

369&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11
792&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11
369&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11

108&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
635&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
067&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7
163&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14
444&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15
950&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25
619&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29



347&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2
193&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
347&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2










      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_ca12d697-f08f-4bff-8a2b-84f061408ff7


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_60352699-1678-4b65-bde8-6b3842f04ad6


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzMtNy0xLTEtMA_4b5fbd1d-ec10-43af-a349-177f82506dbe


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzMtOS0xLTEtMA_34650a71-26e7-4936-863f-a116f468ea2d


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzMtMTMtMS0xLTA_018f487b-51be-4dc4-b4c3-812dff30f6f7


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzMtMTUtMS0xLTA_52966b34-26be-4877-91f6-99dd403d11e0


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzMtMTktMS0xLTA_16cc2aff-b791-45df-9a63-d531816c67bb


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzMtMjEtMS0xLTA_d6c19ecd-bbde-498f-9420-698a602d49c8


      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_b3227b08-687b-4f3d-aa12-a4194df43ea9


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_a5ddcc95-75e4-40c7-931e-2e083ed0ffd8


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzQtNy0xLTEtMA_966c2f0f-1241-48ff-ab40-eac8f0b8f1ea


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzQtOS0xLTEtMA_2cb45707-aba1-45f3-b34a-349b3e178c69


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzQtMTMtMS0xLTA_4ee7eceb-7802-42c1-8e26-02a82b7b6af9


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzQtMTUtMS0xLTA_6f63969e-8ab3-4497-8ad2-165c5116e819


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzQtMTktMS0xLTA_0769134b-b2bd-41fa-a9af-d15a2095ed20


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzQtMjEtMS0xLTA_322326b3-01eb-4a37-be97-f3d6a7d1cd74


      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_7193ba15-1a8a-4732-9f70-d95c400ef2c9


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_f3056472-b8ef-4234-8dac-244a62e68870


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzUtNy0xLTEtMA_809e13d9-f849-4cab-aa0d-e023e494dff3


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzUtOS0xLTEtMA_25d7548f-b9ec-4882-9d2f-5aa4df90c431


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzUtMTMtMS0xLTA_3b571868-050b-4b2d-bd6f-adc8fb01530a


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzUtMTUtMS0xLTA_f25d971f-9e4a-4cd9-80ce-7b6b5e95f70a


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzUtMTktMS0xLTA_b450d431-f222-47a0-8a40-dca0d60662e5


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzUtMjEtMS0xLTA_3652f006-eaf2-4e29-9c69-b4709f60aebf


      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzctMS0xLTEtMA_7a505bf3-a84e-44fc-93a3-d85e5c24e3f3


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzctMy0xLTEtMA_589d1141-728a-46bd-8dc3-aeddf4c9d57b


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzctNy0xLTEtMA_0571554b-3b53-4625-a452-072893d11c2d


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzctOS0xLTEtMA_fc20d8b7-9838-4c2b-9d5c-36225325fdfa


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzctMTMtMS0xLTA_2868714b-4340-4fc9-9167-15a9f8e5c27a


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzctMTUtMS0xLTA_7f57145f-da75-4d0d-a519-caaa1ac6ec21


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzctMTktMS0xLTA_3fbe6985-d1ca-43c8-adc3-2f9d99ace788


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzctMjEtMS0xLTA_f71b84e1-5d42-4a31-bc80-b1bf9ffe9332


      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_ab12b341-ddb0-466c-b790-bc42dba8f853


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_db19f3df-d333-4435-a63c-d91693aa46bf


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzgtNy0xLTEtMA_74642dbe-0d1e-4d89-9b91-a973aacd061e


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzgtOS0xLTEtMA_a26d6ede-efdc-4877-a617-f4a6a669b2c8


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzgtMTMtMS0xLTA_3fab18dc-4339-40bc-ae0a-0f0e63084300


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzgtMTUtMS0xLTA_e284cacb-5d0d-4762-a7fa-d5d5288b7ef8


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzgtMTktMS0xLTA_b6885742-1e51-49c9-a49d-8c2b5ec6931b


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzgtMjEtMS0xLTA_538c0217-e8e9-49eb-a573-225cfc1d25d3


      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzktMS0xLTEtMA_d747393e-280c-4e89-9ee6-98d7d99e1798


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzktMy0xLTEtMA_cd7bfb9a-48e5-4ebb-938f-e37f013873a9


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzktNy0xLTEtMA_df93a2a3-f1e1-4c3c-a7f7-9aba6a2232b3


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzktOS0xLTEtMA_ae22cd9c-f419-4936-8e18-0acccdf3c2fe


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzktMTMtMS0xLTA_e5d57d56-f647-4212-a2a6-7a60e91bd3a9


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzktMTUtMS0xLTA_976f965c-d0c0-4491-91ae-bd79ff6213e4


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzktMTktMS0xLTA_25cfb9d3-857d-4186-a78d-0ad774c7ce6a


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzktMjEtMS0xLTA_eaeb3302-2770-42fd-a384-0f43c8e64ed0


      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_a8f6ebbe-46fa-4503-af20-47c01dfae464


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_e73ac3c8-56bf-4841-80d3-518aa2a4c0ff


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEwLTctMS0xLTA_b7f6b62a-e5a9-4e68-a564-3ff2308af5ad


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEwLTktMS0xLTA_6342ac8e-f522-4fe3-8356-6443f1d33a9f


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEwLTEzLTEtMS0w_16ce8656-5fb9-4127-bdd8-997473c320b1


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEwLTE1LTEtMS0w_bf9951f1-ff1d-4e6f-9680-f41d1598712d


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEwLTE5LTEtMS0w_b90acc05-545d-409c-aba2-0acad8c97cc8


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEwLTIxLTEtMS0w_1d8e7a03-ab84-4fd3-8d53-f46c7b249f37


      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_79b74583-e6e6-4ccf-9369-02ad1d72d356


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_7829c62d-c1bd-485c-83d4-16a07b14ab5b


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzExLTctMS0xLTA_9efd03fa-5309-46d2-a75c-50a256528f31


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzExLTktMS0xLTA_9ed77a38-6396-4a23-b4ff-1fd972eb1126


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzExLTEzLTEtMS0w_7377cd03-9f6a-4f42-9e98-71f100407347


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzExLTE1LTEtMS0w_b72c3b48-7580-49b4-b3ec-edbac72992d1


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzExLTE5LTEtMS0w_150e0ab8-9f74-4258-875d-8c71f86ac00c


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzExLTIxLTEtMS0w_ed23febc-8981-4885-b816-ee233552d453


      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_a429b42f-4ed7-4f84-a039-ca922043a378


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_22d2b178-3a6a-4edd-8fdf-145ee8343f92


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEyLTctMS0xLTA_9231c519-18ad-498e-9c04-cd4da7bd60e6


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEyLTktMS0xLTA_c79e2bfb-2f2f-4917-ab5b-6f2b1f13fb8e


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEyLTEzLTEtMS0w_43582cf4-08f8-41dd-ac14-e9ec69b010af


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEyLTE1LTEtMS0w_391f45a5-a57a-4a44-ae23-cd48cca82da6


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEyLTE5LTEtMS0w_5f084d69-606d-4ab6-983a-57a9617f57df


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEyLTIxLTEtMS0w_e0faf83f-cc5a-4024-bc0e-5499a4ce32c6


      contextRef=ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_5c411c68-deab-4682-aa66-62db536c4791


      contextRef=i696509797fbb4325a69f3b42667aa0f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_6630ed9e-e08a-4590-a711-ef6c7c0bfd74


      contextRef=ia3af0cc9b8fb4690a1235d252d6bc45d_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEzLTctMS0xLTA_0b9a0376-f084-4d75-bc68-9da65a0e257a


      contextRef=i44d713eb979242a8ab9be7ecdea3464e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEzLTktMS0xLTA_e0c5e3cf-d2da-491d-8309-a1463df10814


      contextRef=i3e1691aa50a94bffaee9544552d80d5e_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEzLTEzLTEtMS0w_771529a6-0351-4eba-a546-a2e2aa3a9c9e


      contextRef=ibc4b32d340f14a50a1309a5abadf0bb8_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEzLTE1LTEtMS0w_e0ff5459-cc0a-4452-928a-1a5170fe93e1


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEzLTE5LTEtMS0w_f123fb9e-da13-433c-b9e1-935bb210e137


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xNzgvZnJhZzpkYWQ4MDYxMGRmMDk0MzQxOTIxYTNmYWU4YTI1MzhjMy90YWJsZTo1Yzg2YTZhZTI5N2E0OTY2ODY5ZWMyNDcxZGExYmViYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVjODZhNmFlMjk3YTQ5NjY4NjllYzI0NzFkYTFiZWJjXzEzLTIxLTEtMS0w_ea361f27-c57c-4a22-b4d7-cb537cfecd89


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 the Company determines whether an agreement represents a lease
 and at commencement the Company evaluates each lease agreement to determine whether the lease is an operating or financing lease. Some of the Company&#x2019;s lease agreements have contained renewal options
 tenant improvement allowances and rent escalation clauses.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Pursuant to ASU 2016-02
 all of the Company&#x2019;s leases outstanding on January 1
 2019 continued to be classified as operating leases. With the adoption of ASU 2016-02
 the Company recorded an operating lease right-of-use asset and an operating lease liability on its consolidated balance sheet beginning January 1
 2019. Right-of-use lease assets represent the Company&#x2019;s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and the lease obligation represents the Company&#x2019;s commitment to make the lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use lease assets and obligations are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. As the Company&#x2019;s leases do not provide an implicit rate
 the Company has used an estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The right-of-use lease asset includes any lease payments made prior to commencement and excludes any lease incentives. The lease term may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term
 subject to any changes in the lease or expectation regarding the terms. Variable lease costs such as common area costs and property taxes are expensed as incurred. For all lease agreements
 the Company combines lease and non-lease components
 and leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During the fourth quarter of 2020
 the Company completed the relocation of its administrative offices from the leased location at 2700 Napa Valley Corporate Drive
 Suite B
 Napa
 California 94558 to its wholly-owned winery
 Pine Ridge Vineyards
 located at 5901 Silverado Trail
 Napa
 CA 94558. As a result
 the Company recorded a full impairment of the carrying value of the associated right-of-use lease asset component as of December&#160;31
 2020. The lease obligations remained on the balance sheet as of December&#160;31

 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31

 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Of the bases rent expense for each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 $0.2 million relates to the lease liability referred to in this footnote for the years December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;operating lease liabilities as part of operating cash flows was $0.2 million and $0.3 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019






 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Included in the totals of all grapes and bulk wine purchased are related party purchases of less than&#160;$0.1 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019

 routine litigation incidental to their business or not significant to the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial position or liquidity.  The Company does not believe that there is any pending litigation that could have a significant adverse impact on its consolidated financial position

 significant wildfires broke out in Napa
 Sonoma
 and surrounding counties in Northern California. Operations at two of the Company&#x2019;s properties
 Pine Ridge Vineyards and Seghesio Family Vineyards
 were temporarily impacted due to these wildfires and then resumed shortly thereafter. At the time of the wildfires
 both properties had already harvested substantially all of their 2017 estate grapes. Certain inventory on hand was impacted by power losses and smoke damage which was covered under existing insurance policies. During 2018
 the Company recognized $1.1 million in insurance proceeds of which $0.6 million was offset against inventory losses and $0.5 million was included in other income
 net. In October 2019 and August 2020
 the Company received an additional $0.2 million and $0.1 million
 respectively
 from insurance proceeds related to the October 2017 wildfires. The Company recorded both of the proceeds amounts in other income
 net. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In August and September 2020
 a series of major wildfires broke out in regions across the Western United States
 including Napa and Sonoma counties in California
 as well as Umatilla and Yamhill Counties in Oregon
 where the Company has Direct to Consumer tasting rooms
 farming operations
 and wine-making facilities. Operations at some of the Company&#x2019;s properties were impacted by smoke which caused damage to grapes at the vineyard properties and traffic reduction at the Company&#x2019;s tasting rooms. In order to assess grape inventory losses
 the Company sent grape samples to independent testing labs for evaluations. The Company has recognized $3.5 million in inventory losses for the 2020 vintage for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2020. The Company was careful and selective in its evaluations of grape inventory for smoke taint damages in order to maintain its high standards for quality of wine. Some of the inventory losses and smoke damage to grapes are partially covered under existing crop insurance policies for which the Company currently has open claims pending. Although the Company anticipates settlements of insurance proceeds from the Company&#x2019;s insurance policies

 the coronavirus disease (&#x201c;COVID-19&#x201d;) outbreak was declared a national public health emergency which continues to affect the world and has adversely impacted global activity and contributed to significant economic declines and volatility in financial markets. The outbreak could have a continued material adverse impact on economic and market conditions and be followed by a period of global economic slowdown. The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate material adverse impact of the coronavirus outbreak. The outbreak has adversely impacted the Company&#x2019;s tasting room visitations
 On-Premise business
 and special events. The outbreak presents uncertainty and risk with respect to the Company
 its future performance and financial results.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of March 16
 2020
 with the exception of key operations personnel
 the Company has shifted its home office staff to remote workstations

 2020
 the Company temporarily closed all of its tasting rooms
 which are located in California
 Oregon
 and Washington
 in compliance with shelter-in-place orders issued by local government offices. Following months of closures
 each of the aforementioned states issued reopening guidelines and metrics that counties must achieve prior to business reopening. After remaining closed for nearly all of the second quarter and complying with reopening guidelines
 the Company&#x2019;s tasting rooms reopened during June 2020 in limited capacity and operating hours
 and with additional safety measures in place. In the first several weeks of July 2020
 businesses located in several Northern California counties were required to shut down indoor dining and winery tasting rooms. In late July 2020
 the State of Washington required the shutdown of wineries
 regardless of whether food is served. During this period
 while the State of Oregon allowed indoor wine tastings with noted restrictions
 the Company's Oregon-based tasting room
 Archery Summit
 operated almost entirely outdoors. Although outdoor operations were allowed to resume in August
 COVID-19 containment measures and the 2020 wildfires limited the amount of traffic at the Company's tasting rooms. In mid-November 2020
 further government restrictions and shutdown orders were issued for the State of Oregon with California and Washington following suit in December 2020
 resulting in either shutdowns or outdoor-only tastings for all of the Company's tasting rooms. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;All of the Company&#x2019;s tasting rooms have been impacted by government orders and restrictions to significant and varying degrees at times. Much of the aforementioned restrictions or shutdowns of the operations of winery tasting rooms remain in place. Management and staff at all estate locations have taken the appropriate steps to continue accommodations for outdoor tastings
 when permitted
 to ensure the safety of all guests and staff. In addition to limiting the number of guests and requiring reservations
 the Company has implemented various measures to prevent the spread of the virus including using available forms of PPE
 assigning tasting room staff to discrete guest parties to limit contact exposure
 screening workers before they enter facilities
 practicing social distancing
 implementing COVID-19 protocols and travel guidelines
 and advising employees to adhere to prevention measures recommended by the Center for Disease Control (&#x201c;CDC&#x201d;).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The extent of COVID-19&#x2019;s impact on the Company's financials and results of operations will depend on the length of time that the pandemic continues
 the effect of governmental regulations imposed in response to the pandemic
 its effect on the demand for the Company&#x2019;s products and supply chain
 and uncertainties surrounding the aforementioned. The Company cannot at this time predict the full impact of COVID-19


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzItMi0xLTEtNTE3Mg_d97746f7-a09b-43f2-9009-fc89cec5a4aa


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzItMS0xLTEtMA_fa45a3f7-e9f0-48ea-bafa-e58bacbf9453


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzUtMi0xLTEtNTE3Mg_97c3fcaf-cdc0-407c-a3fe-1797275db4b8


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_a7145e97-f885-4d41-8caa-7668eda76f4f


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzYtMi0xLTEtNTE3Mg_db887f1a-fa8b-4ebb-b9ec-815aaeaa2599


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_17b6f4f9-873a-4ca1-b767-2d67b06d0ce1


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzctMi0xLTEtNTE3Mg_dd4b2c65-f9a2-46fd-9410-da5cd8d790a3


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzctMS0xLTEtMA_997a1934-65cb-4f56-a088-8499103ba4d5


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzEyLTItMS0xLTUxNzI_3ef51599-d1a8-4761-bb29-76fa6cc24ee7


      contextRef=i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTpmMmVlNjVkMTY0YjQ0MGZmYjE3NjY2ZWVjYzUwNDFiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmYyZWU2NWQxNjRiNDQwZmZiMTc2NjZlZWNjNTA0MWIzXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_a0b65d18-dfca-4519-82c6-fde2583daf59


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTozNzBjODVmNDVlYjY0MDc0YTA0YzhkYzU2ZDIzYmZiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM3MGM4NWY0NWViNjQwNzRhMDRjOGRjNTZkMjNiZmJlXzItMS0xLTEtMA_f81d3833-8c37-45cf-884d-6532f3ffb8b9


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTozNzBjODVmNDVlYjY0MDc0YTA0YzhkYzU2ZDIzYmZiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM3MGM4NWY0NWViNjQwNzRhMDRjOGRjNTZkMjNiZmJlXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_2884ad2e-3e0e-4378-a445-136d53354acf


      contextRef=i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTozNzBjODVmNDVlYjY0MDc0YTA0YzhkYzU2ZDIzYmZiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM3MGM4NWY0NWViNjQwNzRhMDRjOGRjNTZkMjNiZmJlXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_6bf7e7af-c18f-4537-8c72-ae8eeb5bba79


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkxMDc1NzI_fce52ccf-9654-4278-90ef-8d18a2cc92e0


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzIyODE_7381a885-258f-489c-bc4d-6aa9efe2b6b6


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkxMDc2Mzk_725ff934-73cc-4bf8-b12e-b7778f9ffa39


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkxMDc2Mzk_abff10c3-1dc8-4b93-9b48-0df207abf280


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkxMDc3Njc_25ae9e21-5bae-498f-9020-f1efffb31686


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkxMDc3NzY_f8f9798f-b34f-4f96-b5b9-f0e6dba78ee0


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231







      contextRef=icf1c933563d941af92476d44fc1660a4_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzEtMS0xLTEtMTMxMA_729d8b63-b0e6-4015-9077-5400e6ff768e


      contextRef=id1aa168f241d4bac97ae7bedbca87c18_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzEtMy0xLTEtMTMxMA_78b961ba-7405-4234-a1b2-fe9348b5be4b


      contextRef=icf1c933563d941af92476d44fc1660a4_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzItMS0xLTEtMTMxMA_a0bfd31b-1ec4-4059-b7ac-562489468e44


      contextRef=id1aa168f241d4bac97ae7bedbca87c18_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzItMy0xLTEtMTMxMA_68761e08-1cec-4d3d-89f1-5ad76d6fa4e5


      contextRef=icf1c933563d941af92476d44fc1660a4_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzMtMS0xLTEtMTMxMA_cf23a15d-a2ce-44e9-a6d2-f6676e882563


      contextRef=id1aa168f241d4bac97ae7bedbca87c18_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzMtMy0xLTEtMTMxMA_cd5b5360-4016-4ff8-a65e-6335a4fea5c6


      contextRef=icf1c933563d941af92476d44fc1660a4_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzQtMS0xLTEtMTMxMA_b9e9815f-91cc-4995-830f-ab00b8053247


      contextRef=id1aa168f241d4bac97ae7bedbca87c18_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzQtMy0xLTEtMTMxMA_4dec5a60-c7df-457e-92af-96ac30c7f9d9


      contextRef=icf1c933563d941af92476d44fc1660a4_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzUtMS0xLTEtMTMxMA_0e0ac5bb-80f4-4ecc-83af-b9677bfd868f


      contextRef=id1aa168f241d4bac97ae7bedbca87c18_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzUtMy0xLTEtMTMxMA_09fa8fce-e714-4861-b824-7ca8043d9dcb


      contextRef=icf1c933563d941af92476d44fc1660a4_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzYtMS0xLTEtMTMxMA_5ddb21c8-a58c-4e4f-8c07-535234caff2b


      contextRef=id1aa168f241d4bac97ae7bedbca87c18_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzYtMy0xLTEtMTMxMA_99897f25-e37d-4907-bab1-5fdc16e995eb


      contextRef=icf1c933563d941af92476d44fc1660a4_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzctMS0xLTEtMTMxMA_530c8875-9256-4585-821f-719c9ef9b753


      contextRef=id1aa168f241d4bac97ae7bedbca87c18_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90YWJsZTo3NTNmYjM1MGRjZWU0ZmJjOGU5YzA0M2QwZDdjYTdmNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjc1M2ZiMzUwZGNlZTRmYmM4ZTljMDQzZDBkN2NhN2Y0XzctMy0xLTEtMTMxMA_337d921c-9c7c-4924-8f50-7fee7763eff6


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkwOTIzNzg_7912a73a-5588-4797-9569-541900a9e23d


      contextRef=i93fc38ee71c14e5da41e393e14a01a59_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkwOTIzODQ_dd6fb547-8c9f-44f6-92a7-1dd4fc57f39f


      contextRef=id1aa168f241d4bac97ae7bedbca87c18_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkwOTI0MjA_fbbf3350-ddeb-435f-9687-113df8e40f8b


      contextRef=if0ee88866eca491e8be3215fce3aa339_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkwOTI0MjQ_e3063452-59f4-48d4-a691-ed0c903ee4e5


      contextRef=ie16deeee84574357b68bec22e6f67d67_D20171001-20171031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzQ0NTE_853665e1-c709-44fc-98cc-546dbee84f57


      contextRef=iba9ee23bc6d94cd0955ee8b77873f561_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzQ5MjI_a6ea6e47-7649-465a-bf82-4261f4ed9d49


      contextRef=i128163a885674ce38182a5bad1db588a_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzQ5NjA_d8189a73-03fd-4ad7-9baa-1b246bc0d469


      contextRef=i31137cd153894e5da2353cb8376632f6_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzUwMDQ_cfa83751-eac4-4fa9-bf00-26a6a9010921


      contextRef=i4de2690e76874d3682a2718a75942a76_D20191001-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzUyNDU_3ea9accd-e11d-4145-b838-8aca7b7c5bd3


      contextRef=i274aa366d23948d1a673007cac078671_D20200801-20200831
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkwNzYzMTU_c2d06042-ffcf-482e-be02-227c202b9aba


      contextRef=ic62123bd916e4df68288465fdf3b49d8_D20200101-20201231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xODEvZnJhZzpjOWE0OTdlYTRhOGM0Nzg5Yjg3YTI1ZmRiNThmM2I2NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmM5YTQ5N2VhNGE4YzQ3ODliODdhMjVmZGI1OGYzYjY0XzI3NDg3NzkxMDUxNTk_b2dae438-ede0-4803-834f-21f6fa125a00


      contextRef=i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231

 and except for the following
 determined no other events have occurred that would require adjustments to our disclosures in the consolidated financial statements:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:8pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In March 2021
 the Company finalized a sales agreement to sell the 36 acres of fallow apple orchards in Umatilla County
 Oregon for $0.6 million. For additional information
 please see Note 6


      contextRef=ife2a5a49006a439e8213795b4a638d3e_I20210331
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xOTAvZnJhZzo2ZjQ1N2YxYjFlNDA0NWI0YWM5MzlhNWJlZjBmM2JlMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjZmNDU3ZjFiMWU0MDQ1YjRhYzkzOWE1YmVmMGYzYmUzXzI3NDg3NzkwNzA3NTQ_5dbbdf8e-25f0-4287-968b-a75e8c11d8f8


      contextRef=i4e022307fa9640aeb9fe974260013904_D20210301-20210331
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOmJjZjkwODExMGYxODQ5YzdhYWQ1MTc2MmJhNzMzMDZlL3NlYzpiY2Y5MDgxMTBmMTg0OWM3YWFkNTE3NjJiYTczMzA2ZV8xOTAvZnJhZzo2ZjQ1N2YxYjFlNDA0NWI0YWM5MzlhNWJlZjBmM2JlMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjZmNDU3ZjFiMWU0MDQ1YjRhYzkzOWE1YmVmMGYzYmUzXzI3NDg3NzkwNzA3NDg_18788ad8-b50e-4f28-b1ac-affd047a860d
















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Apr. 09
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020































  2020




































 LTD.







Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code

















Entity Address
 Address Line One








Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 State or Province








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code




























 par value $0.01 per share






























































































389



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



243
476







































































































































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.





























 -Name Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F



























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.




























Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name
















































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.






















































































The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











314


986





507


006



Accounts receivable
 net

906


131





554


464





349


904







383





185


874



Property and equipment
 net

683


112





262


262



Intangible assets and other non-current assets
 net

238


950





183


324





368


198












419


368










Current portion of long-term debt
 net of unamortized loan fees

388


127





077


900



Long-term debt
 net of current portion and unamortized loan fees

201


054



Deferred tax liability
 net



090












771


399





848


299


























550


522












275)


867)





520


899





368


198







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of assets held-for-sale that are not part of a disposal group
 expected to be sold within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale)
 classified as current.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.

























































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Common shares
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common shares
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common shares
 shares issued (in shares)

243
476


243
476



Common shares
 shares outstanding (in shares)

243
476


243
476

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











108


135





416


026





692


109












250


956





369


792





619


748












424







347


193





873)


111)










Interest expense
 net

094)


061)



Other income
 net






Total other expense
 net








495)


739)





087)


073)





408)


666)





243


513














Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).

















































































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.

























































The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











408)


666)










Net unrealized holding gains on investments arising during the period
 net of tax








407)


635)







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











408)


666)












981


620





286


287





434


038



















424







380


244





614)


730)



















038


935)





476


811



















247)


352)



















591


642












500)


000)





000


250





103)


355)





945









713












820







425)


140)














493)





395


745)





328


610





986


376





314


986










Interest
 net of capitalized interest

558


313



Income tax payments
 net













Unrealized holding gains on investments
 net of tax











































































Increase (Decrease) In Contract With Customer
 Liability And Other Payables
























































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.





















































































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.















































































































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount of cash outflow
 not made soon after acquisition date of business combination
 to settle contingent consideration liability up to amount recognized at acquisition date
 including
 but not limited to
 measurement period adjustment and less amount paid soon after acquisition date.






















































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.

























































The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of investments
 not including unrealized gains or losses on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 held at each balance sheet date and included in earnings for the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2018



714
208









Balance at Dec. 31
 2018

025




520




713)


















666)








666)

































732)











493)








488)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2019



243
476









Balance at Dec. 31
 2019

899




522




867)


















408)








408)





























Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2020



243
476









Balance at Dec. 31
 2020

520




550




275)

































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
















































































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Crimson is in the business of producing and selling luxury wines (i.e.
 wines that retail for over $16&#160;per 750ml bottle). Crimson is headquartered in Napa
 California and through its wholly-owned subsidiaries owns seven primary wine estates and brands: Pine Ridge Vineyards
 Archery Summit
 Chamisal Vineyards
 Seghesio Family Vineyards
 Double Canyon
 Seven Hills Winery
Pine Ridge Vineyards was acquired in 1991 and has been conducting operations since 1978. Pine Ridge Vineyards owns 154 acres
 and controls through leasing arrangements an additional two acres
 of estate vineyards in five Napa Valley
 California appellations &#8211; Stags Leap District
 Rutherford
 Oakville
Archery Summit was created by Crimson in 1993. Archery Summit owns 92 acres of estate vineyards in the Willamette Valley
Double Canyon vineyard land was acquired in 2005 and is located in the Horse Heaven Hills of Washington&#8217;s Columbia Valley. In September 2017
 Double Canyon completed construction of a 47
000 square-foot wine production facility in West Richland
As part of our strategic initiatives targeted at supply chain management
Chamisal Vineyards was acquired in 2008 and has been conducting operations since 1973. Chamisal Vineyards owns 92 acres of vineyards in the Edna Valley
 California
Seghesio Family Vineyards was acquired in 2011 and has been conducting operations since 1895. Seghesio Family Vineyards owns 311 acres of vineyards in two Sonoma County
 California appellations
 the Alexander Valley and Russian River Valley
Seven Hills Winery
 which has been conducting operations since 1988
 was acquired in January 2016 and is located in Walla Walla
 Washington. The Company also purchased land
 primarily in the Walla Walla Valley. The land purchase encompassed 108 acres of vineyards and apple orchards
Malene Wines was created by Crimson in 2016 and owns two Airstream travel trailers
 one of which serves as its home and wine experience in the Edna Valley
Crimson&#8217;s revenue model is a combination of direct to consumer and wholesale distributor sales. The Company&#8217;s wines are available through many principal retail channels for premium table wines
 including fine wine restaurants
 hotels
 specialty shops
 supermarkets and club stores
 in all states domestically and in nearly 30 countries throughout the world. References to cases of wine herein refer to nine-liter equivalent cases. In addition
 Crimson&#8217;s wines are available
 where legal
 via Ecommerce sites and social media platforms from the wine estates and third party websites and social media platforms.




































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







(a)&#160;Critical Accounting Estimates: The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 the Company evaluates all of these estimates and assumptions. The following areas have been identified as critical accounting estimates because they have the potential to have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements
 and because they are based on assumptions which are used in the accounting records to reflect
 at a specific point in time
&#8211; Inventory consists of mainly bulk and bottled wine and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 with cost being determined on the first-in
 first-out method. Costs associated with winemaking
 and other costs associated with the manufacturing of products for resale
 are recorded as inventory. In accordance with general practice within the wine industry
wine inventories are included in current assets
 although a portion of such inventories may be aged for periods longer than one year. As required
 the Company reduces the carrying value of inventories that are obsolete or in excess of estimated usage to estimated net realizable value. The Company&#8217;s estimates of net realizable value are based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 future demand and market requirements. Reductions to the carrying value of inventories are recorded in cost of sales. If future demand and/or pricing for the Company&#8217;s products are less than previously estimated
 then the carrying value of the inventories may be required to be reduced
 resulting in additional expense and reduced profitability. Inventory write-downs of $6.4 million and $2.0 million were recorded during the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
In a strategic effort to maximize asset utilization in 2019
 the Company increased focus on supply chain management. The Company reduced planned production in an effort to re-align supply with changes in forecasted demand. In the third quarter of 2019
 the Company finalized a review of standard overhead applied to bulk wine inventory and bulk wine inventory reserves in the current market and subsequently increased its reserve estimate from 50% to 75% of total projected bulk wine sale losses. As a result of this change in estimate
 bulk wine inventory was reduced by $1.2 million
 &#8211; The Company capitalizes internal vineyard development costs when developing new vineyards or replacing or improving existing vineyards. These costs consist primarily of the costs of the vines and expenditures related to labor and materials to prepare the land and construct vine trellises. Amortization of such costs is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic useful life of the vineyard
 which can be up to 25 years. As circumstances warrant
 the Company re-evaluates the recoverability of capitalized costs
 and will record impairment charges if required. The Company has not recorded any significant impairment charges for its vineyards unless related to the sale of an asset during the two year period ended December&#160;31
 &#8211; For intangible assets with definite lives
 impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill
 impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. Other than goodwill
 the Company currently has no intangible assets with indefinite lives. All of the Company&#8217;s goodwill and substantially all definite-lived intangible assets resulted from the acquisitions of Seghesio Family Vineyards in May 2011 and Seven Hills Winery in January 2016. Amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which range from 7 to 20 years. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the end of each year or more often if a triggering event occurs
The Company evaluates long-lived assets
 including definite-lived intangible assets
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets consist primarily of property and equipment and intangible assets with definite lives. Circumstances that might cause the Company to evaluate its long-lived assets for impairment could include a significant decline in the prices the Company or the industry can charge for its products
 which could be caused by general economic or other factors
 changes in laws or regulations that make it difficult or more costly for the Company to distribute its products to its markets at prices which generate adequate returns
 natural disasters
Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured using a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to the fair value or future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. The Company groups its long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (or asset group). This would typically be at the property level which is described in Note 1 above. During the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded impairment charges of $1.3 million and $2.2 million
 respectively
 to write-down the carrying value of a portion of construction in progress expenses no longer viable to the long-term project related to renovations of tasting rooms
 right-of-use lease asset related to the relocation of our administrative offices
&#8211; The Company pays depletion allowances to its distributors based on their sales to their customers. These allowances are estimated on a monthly basis by the Company
 and allowances are accrued as a reduction of sales. Subsequently
 distributors will bill the Company for actual depletions
(b)&#160;Consolidation policy:&#160;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly-owned. All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period consolidated statement of cash flows to conform to the current period presentation.  The reclassifications had no impact on previously reported net income
(c)&#160;Cash and cash equivalents:&#160;The Company considers short-term investments
 which have maturities of less than three months at the time of acquisition
 to be cash equivalents.&#160;The Company had no short-term investments considered to be cash and cash equivalents at December&#160;31
(d) Financial instruments and fair value: Investments available for sale include a U.S. Treasury Note and Certificates of Deposit at December&#160;31
 2020 and&#160;2019. All of the Company&#8217;s available for sale securities are classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 (see &#8216;Fair value&#160;hierarchy&#8217; section below) and are recorded at fair value. Available for sale securities that mature greater than 12 months from original investment are recorded as short-term because the securities represent the investment of funds that are available for current operations. Net unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 on available for sale securities are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized losses that are considered other than temporary are recorded in other income (expense)
 net
 with the corresponding reduction to the carrying basis of the investment. No other than temporary losses were recorded during the two year period ended December&#160;31
Fair value hierarchy: In determining fair value
Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The nature of these financial instruments include cash instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 derivative instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data
 and instruments that are fair valued using other financial instruments
Instruments that have little to no pricing observability at the reported date. These financial instruments are measured using management&#8217;s best estimate of fair value
Financial instruments are valued at quoted market prices
 if available. Certain financial instruments have bid and ask prices that can be observed in the marketplace. For financial instruments whose inputs are based on bid-ask prices
 the financial instrument is valued at the point within the bid-ask range that meets the Company&#8217;s best estimate of fair value. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current at the measurement date. For financial instruments that do not have readily determinable fair values using quoted market prices
 the determination of fair value is based upon consideration of available information
 including types of financial instruments
 current financial information
 restrictions on dispositions
The valuation of financial instruments may include the use of valuation models and other techniques. Adjustments to valuations derived from valuation models may be made when
 in management&#8217;s judgment
 features of the financial instrument such as its complexity
 the market in which the financial instrument is traded and risk uncertainties about market conditions require that an adjustment be made to the value derived from the models. Adjustments from the price derived from a valuation model reflect management&#8217;s judgment that other participants in the market for the financial instrument being measured at fair value would also consider in valuing that same financial instrument. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market
The availability of observable inputs can vary and is affected by a wide variety of factors
 including
 for example
from period to period
(e)&#160;Accounts receivable:&#160;Accounts receivable are reported at net realizable value. The Company&#8217;s accounts receivable balance is net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $0.2 million and $0.1 million at December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Interest is not accrued on past-due amounts. Accounts are charged against the allowance to bad debt as they are deemed uncollectable based upon a periodic review of the accounts. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers several factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#8217;s historical payment history
(f)&#160;Property and equipment:&#160;Property and equipment are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation and amortization and are depreciated using the straight-line method over the related assets estimated useful lives. Costs of maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&#160;Costs incurred developing vineyards are capitalized until the vineyard becomes commercially productive. Interest is capitalized during the active construction period of major capital projects. Capitalized interest is added to the cost of the underlying assets and is depreciated over the useful lives of those assets. During the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
(g) Loan fees: Fees incurred with the issuance of the Company&#8217;s debt are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a reduction to associated debt balances
(h)&#160;Concentrations of risk:&#160;The Company sells the majority of its wine through distributors and retailers. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 sales to three customers accounted for approximately 15%
 13%
 and 11% of total sales. Amounts due from these three customers represented approximately 17%
 18%
 and 10% of net accounts receivable as of December&#160;31
 2020. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 sales to one customer accounted for approximately 10% of total sales. Amounts due from this customer represented approximately 14% of net accounts receivable as of December&#160;31
The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts that
 at times
(i)&#160;Revenue recognition:&#160;Revenue is recognized once performance obligations under the terms of the Company&#8217;s contracts with its customers have been satisfied; this occurs at a point in time when control of the promised product or service is transferred to customers. Generally
 the majority of the Company&#8217;s contracts with its customers have a single performance obligation and are short term in nature. Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill its promise to transfer the associated products. Accordingly
 the Company records amounts billed for shipping and handling costs as a component of net sales
 and classifies such costs as a component of costs of sales. The Company&#8217;s products are generally not sold with a right of return unless the product is spoiled or damaged. Historically
For additional information on the Company's revenue recognition policies
(j)&#160;Cost of sales:&#160;Includes grape
 juice and bulk wine costs
 whether purchased or grown
 crush costs
 winemaking and processing costs
 bottling
 packaging
 warehousing
 property costs
 and shipping and handling costs. For vineyard produced grapes
 grape costs include annual farming costs and depreciation of vineyard development expenditures. For wines that age longer than one year
 winemaking and processing costs continue to be incurred and capitalized to the cost of wine
(k)&#160;Taxes not on income:&#160;Excise taxes are levied by government agencies on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including wine. These taxes are not collected from customers but are instead the responsibility of the Company. Excise taxes of $0.6 million and $0.7 million in the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
(l)&#160;Advertising costs:&#160;Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and were $0.4 million and $0.2 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
(m) Website and internal-use software costs: The Company capitalizes certain qualifying costs incurred in the acquisition and development of software for internal use
 including the costs of the software
 materials
 consultants and payroll and payroll-related costs for employees during the application development stage. Internal and external costs incurred during the preliminary project stage and post implementation-operation stage
 mainly training and maintenance costs
 are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred for enhancements that are expected to result in additional material functionality are capitalized. Once the application is substantially complete and ready for its intended use
(n) Business combinations: Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition method of accounting requires an acquirer to record the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. To determine the fair values
 the Company utilizes third parties for certain valuations
 such as appraisals
 or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. During the measurement period
 the Company records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. After the measurement period
 which could be up to one year after the acquisition date
(o) Income taxes: Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method
Net tax assets are recorded to the extent the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such determination
 the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence
 including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
The Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits; however
 if it did
Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2019-12
January 1
 2021
ASU 2017-04
January 1
ASU 2018-13
Improves the disclosures related to fair value by removing
January 1
ASU 2018-15
January 1
 2020













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Revenue is recognized once performance obligations under the terms of the Company&#8217;s contracts with its customers have been satisfied; this occurs at a point in time when control of the promised product or service is transferred to customers. Generally
 the majority of the Company&#8217;s contracts with its customers have a single performance obligation and are short term in nature. Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill its promise to transfer the associated products. Accordingly
 the Company records amounts billed for shipping and handling costs as a component of net sales
 and classifies such costs as a component of costs of sales. The Company&#8217;s products are generally not sold with a right of return unless the product is spoiled or damaged. Historically
The Company sells its wine to wholesale distributors under purchase orders. The Company transfers control and recognizes revenue for these orders upon shipment of the wine from the Company&#8217;s third-party warehouse facilities. Payment terms to wholesale distributors typically range from 30 to 120 days. The Company pays depletion allowances to its wholesale distributors based on their sales to their customers. The Company estimates these depletion allowances and records such estimates in the same period the related revenue is recognized
 resulting in a reduction of wholesale product revenue and the establishment of a current liability. Subsequently
 wholesale distributors will bill the Company for actual depletions
The Company sells its wine and other merchandise directly to consumers through wine club memberships
Wine club membership sales are made under contracts with customers
From time to time
&#160;the Company sells grapes or bulk wine because the wine does not meet the quality standards for&#160;the Company&#8217;s products
 market conditions have changed resulting in reduced demand for certain products
 or because&#160;the Company&#160;may have produced more of a particular varietal than it can use. Grape and bulk sales are made under contracts with customers which include product specification requirements
upfront payment upon signing of the sales agreement. The Company transfers control and recognizes revenue for grape sales when product specification has been met and title to the grapes has transferred
 which is generally on the date the grapes are harvested
The Company provides custom winemaking services at Double Canyon&#8217;s state-of-the-art winemaking facility (&#8220;Washington Winemaking Facility&#8221;). Custom winemaking services are made under contracts with customers which include specific protocols
 pricing
Other revenue also includes tasting fees and retail sales
Refer to Note 14 &#8220;Business Segment Information
&#8221; for revenue by sales channel amounts for the years ended December&#160;31
When the Company receives payments from customers prior to transferring goods or services under the terms of a contract
 the Company records deferred revenue
 which it classifies as customer deposits on its consolidated balance sheets
The following tables reflect changes in the contract liability balance during the years ended December&#160;31
Outstanding at December 31
32
(32
Outstanding at December 31
Outstanding at December 31
50
(50
Outstanding at December 31
Revenue recognized during the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 which was included in the opening contract liability balances for those periods
 consisted primarily of wine club revenue
Accounts receivable are reported at net realizable value. Credit is extended based upon an evaluation of the customer&#8217;s financial condition. Accounts are charged against the allowance to bad debt as they are deemed uncollectable based upon a periodic review of the accounts. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers several factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#8217;s historical payment history
 its current credit worthiness and current economic trends. The Company does not have any contract assets associated with the future right to invoice its customers. The Company&#8217;s accounts receivable balance is net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $0.2 million and $0.1 million at December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure of revenue from contract with customer to transfer good or service and to transfer nonfinancial asset. Includes
 but is not limited to
 disaggregation of revenue
 credit loss recognized from contract with customer
 judgment and change in judgment related to contract with customer
 and asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer. Excludes insurance and lease contracts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







During 2018
 the Company committed to various restructuring activities (the &#8220;2018 Restructuring Program&#8221;) including the termination of a vineyard operating lease agreement in Oregon and certain departmental reorganizations. Restructuring charges of $0.1 million and $1.3 million were incurred in the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The Company has incurred $1.4 million of restructuring charges since the inception of the restructuring plan consisting of $0.9 million employee related costs
 $0.4 million of asset impairment charges associated with leasehold improvements under the terminated vineyard operating lease agreement
 and $0.1 million of other restructuring costs associated with departmental reorganization activities. The fair value of impaired leasehold improvements was determined using the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. The Company&#8217;s restructuring activities under the 2018 Restructuring Program were substantially complete as of March 31
During 2020
 the Company committed to various restructuring activities (the &#8220;2020 Restructuring Program&#8221;) including the closure of the Double Canyon Vineyards tasting room
 restructuring of management
 changes in sales
 marketing
 and Direct to Consumer organizational structure
 and transitioning of information technology services and export fulfillment to outsourced support models. For the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 the Company incurred $1.4 million of restructuring charges
 consisting of $1.1 million employee related costs
 $0.2 million of asset impairment charges associated with the tasting room assets upon closure
 and $0.1 of other restructuring costs associated with departmental reorganization activities. The Company&#8217;s restructuring activities under the 2020 Restructuring Program were substantially complete as of September 30
The Company recorded costs of $1.2 million for employee related restructuring activities and paid $1.2 million during the year ended December&#160;31
 2020. The liability related to restructuring activities was $0.3 million at December&#160;31
A roll forward of the liability recognized for employee related restructuring activities as of December&#160;31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
1
(1
241)



































The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







A summary of inventory at December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
34
38
21
30
1
57
69
464&#160;



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





A summary of property and equipment at December&#160;31
 2020&#160;and 2019 and depreciation and amortization for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and&#160;2019
December 31
December 31
44
44
59
59
35
42
Vineyards
33
32
5
5
2
3
2
2
183
191
(69
(71
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Total property and equipment
113
119
Year ended December 31
5
5
1
1
6
7
During 2018
 the Company began actively marketing 36 acres of fallow apple orchards in Umatilla County
 Oregon for sale as it does not intend to replant these orchards with vineyards and subsequently reclassified $0.6 million from property and equipment to assets held for sale. In the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company recorded an impairment charge of less than $0.1 million to write-down the carrying value of the fallow apple orchards to fair value less cost to sell. In March 2021
 the Company finalized a sales agreement to sell the land for $0.6 million. In accordance with ASC 360-10
 this subsequent event revealed evidence of fair value and conditions existing as of the balance sheet date
 December&#160;31
 2020. Subsequently
 for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2020
 the Company recorded an additional impairment charge of less than $0.1 million to write-down the carrying value of the fallow apple orchards to fair value less cost to sell. The impairment charges were recorded to other income (expense)
During the second quarter of 2019
 the Company placed 124 acres of land in Benson County
 Washington
 composed of 15 acres of vineyards and 109 acres of fallow land
 for sale and reclassified an additional $1.2&#160;million from property and equipment to assets held for sale. In October 2019
 the Company finalized a sales agreement to sell the land for $0.7&#160;million and recorded an impairment charge of $0.5&#160;million to write-down the carrying value to the price in the sales agreement less cost to sell. In the third quarter of 2019
 the impairment charge was recorded to loss from operations
In the third quarter of 2019
 the Company placed 181 acres of land in Klickitat County
 Washington
 of which 93 acres were planted with wine grapes
 for sale. As part of the process to determine the sale price of the property
 the Company obtained an appraisal of the property in the second quarter of 2019. As a result
 the Company recorded an impairment charge of $1.2&#160;million to write-down the carrying value of the vineyard to the appraised fair value less cost to sell in the second quarter of 2019. The Company recorded an additional impairment of $0.1&#160;million in the third quarter of 2019 due to the write-down of in progress vineyard development. These impairments were recorded to loss from operations
 net in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company reclassified $2.1 million from property and equipment to assets held for sale related to the vineyard as of September 30
 2019. In November 2019
 the Company finalized a sales agreement to sell the land for $1.9&#160;million and recorded a final impairment charge of $0.3&#160;million to write-down the carrying value to the price in the sales agreement less cost to sell. These impairment charges were recorded to loss from operations
In the fourth quarter of 2020
As of December&#160;31
 2020
 the Company had $0.6&#160;million of assets held for sale classified as current assets on its consolidated balance sheet. The Company expects to complete the sale of the fallow apple orchards within the next twelve months.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Investments
 Debt and Equity Securities [Abstract]





The Company&#8217;s material financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
All of the Company&#8217;s investments mature within two years or less. The par value
 amortized cost
 gross unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value of investments classified as available for sale as of December&#160;31
 2020 and December&#160;31
December 31
8
8
8
8
December 31
10
10
10
10
Gross unrealized gains on available for sale securities were&#160;less than $0.1 million&#160;as of December&#160;31
As of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 other than the assets and liabilities related to Seven Hills Winery acquired in 2016
 the Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.&#160;For cash and cash equivalents
 the carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their fair values. For short-term debt
 the carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their fair values. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 the Company has estimated the fair value of its outstanding debt to be approximately $29.0 million compared to its carrying value of $24.7 million
 based upon discounted cash flows with Level 3 inputs
 such as the terms that management believes would currently be available to the Company for similar issues of debt
 taking into account the current credit risk of the Company and other factors.&#160;Level 3 inputs include market rates obtained from American AgCredit
 FLCA (&#8220;Lender&#8221;) as of December&#160;31
 2020 of 3.80%
 3.63%
 and 1.00% for the 2015 Term Loan
 2017 Term Loan
 and 2020 PPP Term Loan respectively
 as further discussed in Note 10
 &#8220;Debt.&#8221;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







A summary of intangible and other non-current assets at December&#160;31
 2020&#160;and 2019
 and amortization expense for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
December 31
December 31
18
10
7
18
8
9
2
1
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
23
14
8
23
12
10
Total intangible and other non-current assets
9
10
December 31
1
1
The estimated aggregate future amortization of intangible assets as of December&#160;31
1
1
1
1
1
2
8
997&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
4
5
1
2
1
1
Operating lease liability
9
10
368&#160;








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







In March 2013
 Crimson&#160;and its subsidiaries entered into a&#160;$60.0 million&#160;revolving credit facility (the &#8220;2013 Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) with American AgCredit
 FLCA
 as agent for the lenders identified in the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility
 comprised of a revolving loan facility (the &#8220;Revolving Loan&#8221;) and a term revolving loan facility (the &#8220;Term Revolving Loan&#8221;)
 which together are secured by substantially all of Crimson&#8217;s assets. In March 2018
 Crimson and its subsidiaries entered into the second amendment to the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility with American AgCredit
 FLCA (the &#8220;Second Amendment&#8221;). The Second Amendment modified certain provisions of the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility
 including
 among other things
 extending the Revolving Loan and Term Revolving Loan termination dates to March 31
 2023
 extending the Term Revolving Loan conversion date to March 31
 2023 and extending the Term Revolving Loan maturity date to March 31
The Revolving Loan is for up to&#160;$10.0 million&#160;in the aggregate for a&#160;five year term
 and the Term Revolving Loan is for up to&#160;$50.0 million&#160;in the aggregate for a&#160;fifteen year term. All obligations of Crimson under the 2013 Revolving Credit Facility are collateralized by certain real property
 including vineyards and certain winery facilities of Crimson
 accounts receivable
 inventory and intangible&#160;assets. In addition to unused line fees ranging from&#160;0.15%&#160;to&#160;0.25%
 rates for the borrowings are priced based on a performance grid tied to certain financial ratios and the London Interbank Offered Rate.&#160;The 2013 Revolving Credit Facility can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes. Covenants include the maintenance of specified debt and equity ratios
 limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness
 limitations on dividends and other distributions to shareholders and restrictions on certain mergers
Details of the Company&#8217;s debt as of December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
12
12
12
13
October 1
7
8
8
8
July 1
2
1
3
April 1
3
21
24
1
21
22
Total debt
3
21
24
1
21
22
(i) On November 10
 2015
&#160;Pine Ridge Winery
 LLC&#160;(&#8220;PRW Borrower&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of&#160;Crimson
&#160;entered into a senior secured term loan agreement (the &#8220;2015 Term Loan&#8221;) with American AgCredit
The 2015 Term Loan will mature on October 1
 2040 (the 2015 Term Loan Maturity Date). On the first day of each January
 April
 July and October
 commencing January 1
 2016
 PRW Borrower is required to make a principal payment in the amount of&#160;$160
000&#160;and an interest payment equal to the amount of all interest accrued through the previous day. A final payment of all unpaid principal
The Company incurred debt issuance costs&#160;of approximately&#160;$0.1 million&#160;related to the 2015 Term Loan. These costs are recorded&#160;as a reduction from short-term or long-term debt based on the timeframe in which the fees will be expensed
 and as such
The full&#160;$16.0 million was drawn at closing and the&#160;2015 Term Loan&#160;can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes.&#160;As of December&#160;31
 2020
 $12.6 million in principal was outstanding on the 2015 Term Loan
(ii) On June 29
 2017
 Double Canyon Vineyards
 LLC&#160;(the &#8220;DCV Borrower&#8221; and
 individually and collectively with the PRW Borrower
 &#8220;Borrower&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crimson
The 2017 Term Loan will mature on July 1
 2037 (the 2017 Loan Maturity Date). On the first day of each January
 April
 July and October
 commencing October 1
 2017
 DCV Borrower is required to make a principal payment in the amount of $125
000 and an interest payment equal to the amount of all interest accrued through the previous day. A final payment of all unpaid principal
The full $10.0 million was drawn at closing and the 2017 Term Loan can be used to fund acquisitions
 capital projects and other general corporate purposes. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 $8.3 million in principal was outstanding on the 2017 Term Loan
Borrower&#8217;s&#160;obligations under the&#160;2015 Term Loan and 2017 Term Loan&#160;are&#160;guaranteed by the Company.&#160;All&#160;obligations of&#160;Borrower&#160;under the&#160;2015 Term Loan and 2017 Term Loan&#160;are collateralized by certain real property of the Company.&#160;Borrower&#8217;s covenants include the maintenance of a specified debt service coverage ratio&#160;and certain customary affirmative and negative covenants
 including limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness; limitations on distributions to shareholders; and restrictions on certain investments
(iii) In March 2020
 in light of the global outbreak of the COVID-19 virus
 Congress passed the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security (&#8220;CARES&#8221;) Act. The CARES Act included a small business stimulus program called the Paycheck Protection Program (&#8220;PPP&#8221;)
 which is intended to provide loans to qualified businesses to
 as originally implemented
 support eight weeks of payroll and other identified costs. PPP loans are eligible for partial or full forgiveness. On June 3
 2020
 Congress passed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act of 2020 which
 among other things
In April 2020
 the Company successfully secured a $3.8 million PPP loan. Under the CARES Act
 the loan is eligible for forgiveness for the portion used to cover payroll costs and other specified non-payroll costs
 including interest on mortgage obligations
 rent and utilities (provided any non-payroll costs do not exceed 40% of the forgiven amount) over an eight-week or 24-week period after the loan is made if employee and compensation levels are maintained. The Company intends to apply for forgiveness of amounts received under the PPP in accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act
 as amended. Any loan amounts forgiven will be removed from liabilities recorded. While the Company used the proceeds of the PPP Loan only for permissible purposes
 there can be no assurance that it will be eligible for forgiveness of the PPP Loan
On April 22
 2020
 Crimson entered into an unsecured term loan agreement (the &#8220;2020 PPP Term Loan&#8221;) with the Lender for an aggregate principal amount of $3.8 million. Amounts outstanding under the 2020 PPP Term Loan bear a fixed interest rate of 1.00% per annum. If all or a portion of the 2020 PPP Term Loan is not forgiven
The 2020 PPP Term Loan will mature on April 1
 2022 (the &#8220;2020 Loan Maturity Date&#8221;). Based on the current terms of the loan
 there are two scenarios of payment. The first scenario calls for the payments on the loan to commence on the first day of the month following the date on which the Lender receives the applicable forgiveness amount
 if any
 from the Small Business Administration (&#8220;SBA&#8221;)
 if a balance on the loan remains after the forgiveness amount has been applied. If all obligations under the loan are forgiven by the SBA
 no payments will be required. The second scenario applies if Crimson fails to timely apply for forgiveness of the 2020 PPP Term Loan. In this second scenario
 the payments on the loan will commence on the first day of the month that is 10 months after the end of the eight-week period following the date of loan origination
 April 22
 2020. Crimson is required to make payments of equal monthly principal and interest based on the Adjusted Loan Balance. A final payment of all unpaid principal
payable on the 2020 Loan Maturity Date. The amortization period of equal monthly principal and interest will be adjusted based on which payment scenario is triggered. While the loan currently has a two-year maturity
The full $3.8 million was drawn at closing and the 2020 PPP Term Loan can be used for the purposes authorized and approved in the CARES Act. As of December&#160;31
 2020
On December 22
 2020
 the Company concluded that its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of the year ending December 31
 2020 and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019 can no longer be relied upon as the result of material accounting errors identified by management. As a result
 as of December&#160;31
 2020
 this constituted a breach of covenants in the Company&#8217;s credit and loan agreements as a result of the untimely delivery of accurate consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. On March 17
 2021
 the Lender provided the Company a waiver for the aforementioned breach of covenants with the understanding that restated covenant certificates will be submitted on or before April 30
Other than what is discussed above
 the Company&#160;was&#160;in&#160;compliance with all debt covenants related to financial ratios
 limitations and restrictions as of December&#160;31
A summary of debt maturities as of December&#160;31
3
2
1
1
1
15
24
710&#160;



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







In December 2018
 the Company commenced a share repurchase program (the &#8220;2019 Winter Repurchase Program&#8221;) that provided for the repurchase of up to $2.0 million of outstanding common stock. Under the 2019 Winter Repurchase Program
 any repurchased shares were constructively retired. On April 30
 2019
 the 2019 Winter Repurchase Program was completed. Under the total 2019 Winter Repurchase Program
 the Company repurchased 253
In September 2019
 the Company commenced a share repurchase program (the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program) that provided for the repurchase of up to $2.0 million of outstanding common stock. Under the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program
 any repurchased shares are constructively retired. On December 12
 2019
 the 2019 Summer Repurchase Program was completed. Under the total 2019 Summer Repurchase Program
 the Company repurchased 283
The Company is authorized to issue 15
000
In February 2013
 the Company adopted the 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which provides for the granting of up to 1
000
000 stock options or other common stock-based awards. The terms of awards that may be granted
 including vesting and performance criteria
 if any
In December 2019
 option grants for 89
000 shares were issued. The options vest annually over five years
 expire in seven years and have an exercise price of $6.87
 the market value at the date of grant. The share-based compensation expense for these grants was $141
000
 the grant date fair value
 which will be recorded over the vesting period. Estimates of share-based compensation expense require a number of complex and subjective assumptions
valuation model
 with the following assumptions and values: stock price volatility
 22%; employee exercise patterns and expected life
 5 years; dividend yield
 0%; and risk-free interest rate
89
89
17
As of December&#160;31
 2020
 the total stock-based compensation expense not yet recognized is $113
000
 which will be amortized through the remaining vesting periods through December 2024.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. enacted tax legislation the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (Public Law 115-97
 &#8220;TCJA&#8221; or &#8220;tax reform&#8221; or Tax Act)
 which significantly revised the U.S. tax code by
 among other things
 lowering the corporate income tax rate from 34% to 21%
 limiting the deductibility of interest expense
 implementing full cost recovery
 and imposing further limitations on meals and entertainment. We reasonably estimated the effects of the Tax Act and recorded provisional amounts in our financial statements as of December 31
 2017. We recorded a provisional tax benefit for the impact of the Tax Act of approximately $2.7 million as a result of revaluing our net deferred tax liability. In 2018 and 2019
The provision (benefit) for income taxes for years ended December&#160;31
(1
(1
(2
(1
(3
(2
The Company's income tax returns are subject to examination in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. To the extent the Company has unutilized net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforwards
 the statute of limitations does not begin to run until the NOL carryforwards are utilized.  Therefore
 for federal and state tax purposes
 the Company has tax years open dating back to 2006.  The Company currently has no unrecognized tax benefits
 and it is not reasonably possible to estimate the amount by which that could increase in the next twelve months since the timing of examinations
 if any
The principal components of deferred taxes at December&#160;31
2
1
1
4
1
7
4
(6
(6
(1
(1
(7
(8
Net deferred tax liability
(3
As of December&#160;31
 2020
15
29
Under certain circumstances
 the ability to use the NOL carryforwards and credits could be substantially reduced if certain changes in ownership were to occur. In order to reduce this possibility
On June 29
 2020
 California signed AB 85 suspending California NOL utilization for tax year 2020
 2021 and 2022 for corporations with net business income of $1 million or more. In the event the Company is precluded from utilizing its NOLs during such years
(1
(1
Other
(3
(2
073)



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020








 subject to regulatory limitations. Total Company contributions to the plan were $0.3 million for each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The Company has identified&#160;two&#160;operating segments
 Wholesale net sales and Direct to Consumer net sales
&#160;which are reportable segments for financial statement reporting purposes
 based upon their different distribution channels
 margins and selling strategies. Wholesale net sales include all sales through a third party where prices are given at a wholesale rate
 whereas Direct to Consumer net sales include retail sales in the tasting room
 remote sites and on-site events
 wine club net sales
 direct phone sales
The two segments reflect how the Company&#8217;s operations are evaluated by senior management and the structure of its internal financial reporting. The Company evaluates performance based on the gross profit of the respective business segments. Selling expenses that can be directly attributable to the segment are&#160;allocated accordingly. However
 centralized selling expenses and general and administrative expenses are not allocated between operating segments. Therefore
 net income information for the respective segments is not available. Based on the nature of the Company&#8217;s business
 revenue generating assets are utilized across segments. Therefore
The following table outlines the net sales
 cost of sales
 gross profit (loss)
 directly attributable selling expenses and operating income (loss) for the&#160;Company&#8217;s reportable&#160;segments for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 and also includes a reconciliation of consolidated income (loss) from operations. Other/Non-allocable net sales and gross profit include bulk wine and grape sales
Year Ended December 31
33
33
26
26
3
7
64
67
22
22
10
8
11
10
44
42
11
10
16
17
(7
(3
19
25
5
6
6
7
3
4
14
17
11
11
11
11
5
6
6
7
14
15
25
29
1
1
1
2
1
2
6
3
10
10
(25
(21
(8
(7
111)



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The Company has leased retail and office space and has entered into various other agreements in conducting its business. At inception
 the Company determines whether an agreement represents a lease
 and at commencement the Company evaluates each lease agreement to determine whether the lease is an operating or financing lease. Some of the Company&#8217;s lease agreements have contained renewal options
Pursuant to ASU 2016-02
 all of the Company&#8217;s leases outstanding on January 1
 2019 continued to be classified as operating leases. With the adoption of ASU 2016-02
 the Company recorded an operating lease right-of-use asset and an operating lease liability on its consolidated balance sheet beginning January 1
 2019. Right-of-use lease assets represent the Company&#8217;s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and the lease obligation represents the Company&#8217;s commitment to make the lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use lease assets and obligations are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. As the Company&#8217;s leases do not provide an implicit rate
 the Company has used an estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The right-of-use lease asset includes any lease payments made prior to commencement and excludes any lease incentives. The lease term may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term
 subject to any changes in the lease or expectation regarding the terms. Variable lease costs such as common area costs and property taxes are expensed as incurred. For all lease agreements
 the Company combines lease and non-lease components
During the fourth quarter of 2020
 the Company completed the relocation of its administrative offices from the leased location at 2700 Napa Valley Corporate Drive
 Suite B
 Napa
 California 94558 to its wholly-owned winery
 Pine Ridge Vineyards
 located at 5901 Silverado Trail
 Napa
 CA 94558. As a result
 the Company recorded a full impairment of the carrying value of the associated right-of-use lease asset component as of December&#160;31
 2020. The lease obligations remained on the balance sheet as of December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
Base rent expense was $0.2 million and $0.3 million for each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Of the bases rent expense for each of the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 $0.2 million relates to the lease liability referred to in this footnote for the years December&#160;31
operating lease liabilities as part of operating cash flows was $0.2 million and $0.3 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
4
3
1
1
13
The Company also purchases additional grapes and bulk wine under one-time purchase or short-term agreements. The total of all grapes and bulk wine purchased was $4.7 million and $7.6 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Included in the totals of all grapes and bulk wine purchased are related party purchases of less than&#160;$0.1 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
The Company and its subsidiaries may become parties to legal proceedings that are considered to be either ordinary
 routine litigation incidental to their business or not significant to the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position or liquidity.  The Company does not believe that there is any pending litigation that could have a significant adverse impact on its consolidated financial position
In October 2017
 significant wildfires broke out in Napa
 Sonoma
 and surrounding counties in Northern California. Operations at two of the Company&#8217;s properties
 Pine Ridge Vineyards and Seghesio Family Vineyards
 were temporarily impacted due to these wildfires and then resumed shortly thereafter. At the time of the wildfires
 both properties had already harvested substantially all of their 2017 estate grapes. Certain inventory on hand was impacted by power losses and smoke damage which was covered under existing insurance policies. During 2018
 the Company recognized $1.1 million in insurance proceeds of which $0.6 million was offset against inventory losses and $0.5 million was included in other income
 net. In October 2019 and August 2020
 the Company received an additional $0.2 million and $0.1 million
 respectively
 from insurance proceeds related to the October 2017 wildfires. The Company recorded both of the proceeds amounts in other income
In August and September 2020
 a series of major wildfires broke out in regions across the Western United States
 including Napa and Sonoma counties in California
 as well as Umatilla and Yamhill Counties in Oregon
 where the Company has Direct to Consumer tasting rooms
 farming operations
 and wine-making facilities. Operations at some of the Company&#8217;s properties were impacted by smoke which caused damage to grapes at the vineyard properties and traffic reduction at the Company&#8217;s tasting rooms. In order to assess grape inventory losses
 the Company sent grape samples to independent testing labs for evaluations. The Company has recognized $3.5 million in inventory losses for the 2020 vintage for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2020. The Company was careful and selective in its evaluations of grape inventory for smoke taint damages in order to maintain its high standards for quality of wine. Some of the inventory losses and smoke damage to grapes are partially covered under existing crop insurance policies for which the Company currently has open claims pending. Although the Company anticipates settlements of insurance proceeds from the Company&#8217;s insurance policies
In March 2020
 the coronavirus disease (&#8220;COVID-19&#8221;) outbreak was declared a national public health emergency which continues to affect the world and has adversely impacted global activity and contributed to significant economic declines and volatility in financial markets. The outbreak could have a continued material adverse impact on economic and market conditions and be followed by a period of global economic slowdown. The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate material adverse impact of the coronavirus outbreak. The outbreak has adversely impacted the Company&#8217;s tasting room visitations
 On-Premise business
 and special events. The outbreak presents uncertainty and risk with respect to the Company
As of March 16
 2020
 with the exception of key operations personnel
 the Company has shifted its home office staff to remote workstations
On March 16
 2020
 the Company temporarily closed all of its tasting rooms
 which are located in California
 Oregon
 and Washington
 in compliance with shelter-in-place orders issued by local government offices. Following months of closures
 each of the aforementioned states issued reopening guidelines and metrics that counties must achieve prior to business reopening. After remaining closed for nearly all of the second quarter and complying with reopening guidelines
 the Company&#8217;s tasting rooms reopened during June 2020 in limited capacity and operating hours
 and with additional safety measures in place. In the first several weeks of July 2020
 businesses located in several Northern California counties were required to shut down indoor dining and winery tasting rooms. In late July 2020
 the State of Washington required the shutdown of wineries
 regardless of whether food is served. During this period
 while the State of Oregon allowed indoor wine tastings with noted restrictions
 the Company's Oregon-based tasting room
 Archery Summit
 operated almost entirely outdoors. Although outdoor operations were allowed to resume in August
 COVID-19 containment measures and the 2020 wildfires limited the amount of traffic at the Company's tasting rooms. In mid-November 2020
 further government restrictions and shutdown orders were issued for the State of Oregon with California and Washington following suit in December 2020
All of the Company&#8217;s tasting rooms have been impacted by government orders and restrictions to significant and varying degrees at times. Much of the aforementioned restrictions or shutdowns of the operations of winery tasting rooms remain in place. Management and staff at all estate locations have taken the appropriate steps to continue accommodations for outdoor tastings
 when permitted
 to ensure the safety of all guests and staff. In addition to limiting the number of guests and requiring reservations
 the Company has implemented various measures to prevent the spread of the virus including using available forms of PPE
 assigning tasting room staff to discrete guest parties to limit contact exposure
 screening workers before they enter facilities
 practicing social distancing
 implementing COVID-19 protocols and travel guidelines
The extent of COVID-19&#8217;s impact on the Company's financials and results of operations will depend on the length of time that the pandemic continues
 the effect of governmental regulations imposed in response to the pandemic
 its effect on the demand for the Company&#8217;s products and supply chain
 and uncertainties surrounding the aforementioned. The Company cannot at this time predict the full impact of COVID-19
 but it could have a larger impact on the Company&#8217;s financial and operational results beyond what is discussed within this Report.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the filing of this Form 10-K
 and except for the following
In March 2021
 the Company finalized a sales agreement to sell the 36 acres of fallow apple orchards in Umatilla County
 Oregon for $0.6 million. For additional information
 please see Note 6
 &#8220;Property and Equipment.&#8221;



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020








 the Company evaluates all of these estimates and assumptions. The following areas have been identified as critical accounting estimates because they have the potential to have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements
 and because they are based on assumptions which are used in the accounting records to reflect
 at a specific point in time
 events whose ultimate outcome will not be known until a later date. Actual results could differ from these estimates.




&#8211; Inventory consists of mainly bulk and bottled wine and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 with cost being determined on the first-in
 first-out method. Costs associated with winemaking
 and other costs associated with the manufacturing of products for resale
 are recorded as inventory. In accordance with general practice within the wine industry

 although a portion of such inventories may be aged for periods longer than one year. As required
 the Company reduces the carrying value of inventories that are obsolete or in excess of estimated usage to estimated net realizable value. The Company&#8217;s estimates of net realizable value are based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 future demand and market requirements. Reductions to the carrying value of inventories are recorded in cost of sales. If future demand and/or pricing for the Company&#8217;s products are less than previously estimated
 then the carrying value of the inventories may be required to be reduced
 resulting in additional expense and reduced profitability.





 which can be up to 25 years. As circumstances warrant
 the Company re-evaluates the recoverability of capitalized costs
 and will record impairment charges if required.




 &#8211; For intangible assets with definite lives
 impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill
 impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. Other than goodwill
 the Company currently has no intangible assets with indefinite lives. All of the Company&#8217;s goodwill and substantially all definite-lived intangible assets resulted from the acquisitions of Seghesio Family Vineyards in May 2011 and Seven Hills Winery in January 2016. Amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which range from 7 to 20 years. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the end of each year or more often if a triggering event occurs
The Company evaluates long-lived assets
 including definite-lived intangible assets
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets consist primarily of property and equipment and intangible assets with definite lives. Circumstances that might cause the Company to evaluate its long-lived assets for impairment could include a significant decline in the prices the Company or the industry can charge for its products
 which could be caused by general economic or other factors
 changes in laws or regulations that make it difficult or more costly for the Company to distribute its products to its markets at prices which generate adequate returns
 natural disasters
Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured using a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to the fair value or future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. The Company groups its long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (or asset group). This would typically be at the property level which is described in Note 1 above.




&#8211; The Company pays depletion allowances to its distributors based on their sales to their customers. These allowances are estimated on a monthly basis by the Company
 and allowances are accrued as a reduction of sales. Subsequently
 distributors will bill the Company for actual depletions
 which may be different from the Company&#8217;s estimate. 





 all of which are wholly-owned. All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.





 equity or cash flows.





 which have maturities of less than three months at the time of acquisition
 to be cash equivalents.





 2020 and&#160;2019. All of the Company&#8217;s available for sale securities are classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 (see &#8216;Fair value&#160;hierarchy&#8217; section below) and are recorded at fair value. Available for sale securities that mature greater than 12 months from original investment are recorded as short-term because the securities represent the investment of funds that are available for current operations. Net unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 on available for sale securities are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized losses that are considered other than temporary are recorded in other income (expense)
 net
 with the corresponding reduction to the carrying basis of the investment. No other than temporary losses were recorded during the two year period ended December&#160;31
Fair value hierarchy: In determining fair value
Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The nature of these financial instruments include cash instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 derivative instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data
 and instruments that are fair valued using other financial instruments
Instruments that have little to no pricing observability at the reported date. These financial instruments are measured using management&#8217;s best estimate of fair value
Financial instruments are valued at quoted market prices
 if available. Certain financial instruments have bid and ask prices that can be observed in the marketplace. For financial instruments whose inputs are based on bid-ask prices
 the financial instrument is valued at the point within the bid-ask range that meets the Company&#8217;s best estimate of fair value. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current at the measurement date. For financial instruments that do not have readily determinable fair values using quoted market prices
 the determination of fair value is based upon consideration of available information
 including types of financial instruments
 current financial information
 restrictions on dispositions
The valuation of financial instruments may include the use of valuation models and other techniques. Adjustments to valuations derived from valuation models may be made when
 in management&#8217;s judgment
 features of the financial instrument such as its complexity
 the market in which the financial instrument is traded and risk uncertainties about market conditions require that an adjustment be made to the value derived from the models. Adjustments from the price derived from a valuation model reflect management&#8217;s judgment that other participants in the market for the financial instrument being measured at fair value would also consider in valuing that same financial instrument. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market
The availability of observable inputs can vary and is affected by a wide variety of factors
 including
 for example
from period to period
 this condition may cause a transfer of an instrument among the fair value hierarchy levels. Transfers among the levels are recognized at the beginning of each period. The degree of judgment exercised in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3.





 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Interest is not accrued on past-due amounts. Accounts are charged against the allowance to bad debt as they are deemed uncollectable based upon a periodic review of the accounts. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances
 the Company considers several factors
 including the age of the balance
 the customer&#8217;s historical payment history
 its current credit worthiness and current economic trends.










&#160;consistent with the short-term or long-term classification of the related debt outstanding at the end of the reporting period. The Company amortizes debt discount to interest expense over the contractual or expected term of the debt using the effective interest method.










 the majority of the Company&#8217;s contracts with its customers have a single performance obligation and are short term in nature. Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities as costs to fulfill its promise to transfer the associated products. Accordingly
 the Company records amounts billed for shipping and handling costs as a component of net sales
 and classifies such costs as a component of costs of sales. The Company&#8217;s products are generally not sold with a right of return unless the product is spoiled or damaged. Historically
For additional information on the Company's revenue recognition policies
(j)&#160;Cost of sales:&#160;Includes grape
 juice and bulk wine costs
 whether purchased or grown
 crush costs
 winemaking and processing costs
 bottling
 packaging
 warehousing
 property costs
 and shipping and handling costs. For vineyard produced grapes
 grape costs include annual farming costs and depreciation of vineyard development expenditures. For wines that age longer than one year
 winemaking and processing costs continue to be incurred and capitalized to the cost of wine
 which can range from 3 to 36 months. No further costs are allocated to inventory once the product is bottled and available for sale.





 including wine. These taxes are not collected from customers but are instead the responsibility of the Company.










 including the costs of the software
 materials
 consultants and payroll and payroll-related costs for employees during the application development stage. Internal and external costs incurred during the preliminary project stage and post implementation-operation stage
 mainly training and maintenance costs
 are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred for enhancements that are expected to result in additional material functionality are capitalized. Once the application is substantially complete and ready for its intended use
 qualifying costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software&#8217;s estimated useful life.





 the Company utilizes third parties for certain valuations
 such as appraisals
 or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. During the measurement period
 the Company records adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. After the measurement period
 which could be up to one year after the acquisition date
 subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company&#8217;s consolidated statements of operations.





 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enacted date.Net tax assets are recorded to the extent the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such determination
 the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence
 including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
 tax planning strategies and recent financial results of operations.The Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits; however
 if it did
 the Company would record accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. The Company records deferred income tax liabilities and assets as noncurrent in its consolidated balance sheets.




Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2019-12
January 1
 2021
ASU 2017-04
January 1
ASU 2018-13
Improves the disclosures related to fair value by removing
January 1
ASU 2018-15
January 1
 2020




































Non-Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method
 acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example
 the treatment accorded contingent consideration
 the identification of assets and liabilities
 the purchase price allocation process
 how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity
 and the rationale for that accounting policy.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 debt issuance costs
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization of property and equipment costs
 including methods used and estimated useful lives and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred when both (1) the software is acquired
 internally developed
 or modified solely to meet the entity's internal needs
 and (2) during the software's development or modification
 no substantive plan exists or is being developed to market the software externally.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2019-12
January 1
 2021
ASU 2017-04
January 1
ASU 2018-13
Improves the disclosures related to fair value by removing
January 1
ASU 2018-15
January 1
 2020



































Tabular disclosure of changes in accounting principles
 including adoption of new accounting pronouncements
 that describes the new methods
 amount and effects on financial statement line items.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The following tables reflect changes in the contract liability balance during the years ended December&#160;31
Outstanding at December 31
32
(32
Outstanding at December 31
Outstanding at December 31
50
(50
Outstanding at December 31
 2019













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







A roll forward of the liability recognized for employee related restructuring activities as of December&#160;31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
1
(1
241)



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost. This element may also include a description of any reversal and other adjustment made during the period to the amount of an accrued liability for restructuring activities. This element may be used to encapsulate the roll forward presentations of an entity's restructuring reserve by type of cost and in total
 and explanation of changes that occurred in the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







A summary of inventory at December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
34
38
21
30
1
57
69
464&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





A summary of property and equipment at December&#160;31
 2020&#160;and 2019 and depreciation and amortization for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and&#160;2019
December 31
December 31
44
44
59
59
35
42
Vineyards
33
32
5
5
2
3
2
2
183
191
(69
(71
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Total property and equipment
113
119
Year ended December 31
5
5
1
1
6
7
620&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Investments
 Debt and Equity Securities [Abstract]






 amortized cost
 gross unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value of investments classified as available for sale as of December&#160;31
 2020 and December&#160;31
December 31
8
8
8
8
December 31
10
10
10
10
006&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







A summary of intangible and other non-current assets at December&#160;31
 2020&#160;and 2019
 and amortization expense for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
December 31
December 31
18
10
7
18
8
9
2
1
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
23
14
8
23
12
10
Total intangible and other non-current assets
9
10
December 31
1
1
287&#160;




The estimated aggregate future amortization of intangible assets as of December&#160;31
1
1
1
1
1
2
8
997&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
4
5
1
2
1
1
Operating lease liability
9
10
368&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Details of the Company&#8217;s debt as of December&#160;31
December 31
December 31
12
12
12
13
October 1
7
8
8
8
July 1
2
1
3
April 1
3
21
24
1
21
22
Total debt
3
21
24
1
21
22
181&#160;




A summary of debt maturities as of December&#160;31
3
2
1
1
1
15
24
710&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







89
89
17
800







Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The provision (benefit) for income taxes for years ended December&#160;31
(1
(1
(2
(1
(3
(2
073)




The principal components of deferred taxes at December&#160;31
2
1
1
4
1
7
4
(6
(6
(1
(1
(7
(8
Net deferred tax liability
(3
090)




As of December&#160;31
 2020
15
29
280&#160;




(1
(1
Other
(3
(2
073)



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure of pertinent information
 such as tax authority
 amounts
 and expiration dates
 of net operating loss carryforwards
 including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The following table outlines the net sales
 cost of sales
 gross profit (loss)
 directly attributable selling expenses and operating income (loss) for the&#160;Company&#8217;s reportable&#160;segments for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 and also includes a reconciliation of consolidated income (loss) from operations. Other/Non-allocable net sales and gross profit include bulk wine and grape sales
Year Ended December 31
33
33
26
26
3
7
64
67
22
22
10
8
11
10
44
42
11
10
16
17
(7
(3
19
25
5
6
6
7
3
4
14
17
11
11
11
11
5
6
6
7
14
15
25
29
1
1
1
2
1
2
6
3
10
10
(25
(21
(8
(7
111)







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







December 31
December 31
 2019









4
3
1
1
13
093&#160;







Assets And Liabilities
 Lessee [Table Text Block]
























































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.




























Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }







































































































































































































000










































































































































































































































































































Price Per Bottle
 Low Range





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019



















434
000


038
000






















200
000)




















347
000


193
000



























000




000


000





000




000


000









000


000









000


000































500
000



































































































































































































































































































































































































200
000






























































































Inventory Reserve
 Estimated Percentage

























































Amount of accumulated interest costs capitalized as part of property
 plant and equipment cost basis.




























Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.

























































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The amount by which the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost basis or carrying amount of that investment at the balance sheet date and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary
 before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.




























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Amount of investments including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and short-term investments classified as other and current.




























Amount
 before deduction of insurance proceeds
 of loss recognized in the income statement for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019








































































































Contract with Customer
 Term










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Outstanding
 Beginning















027


642





162)


612)



Outstanding
 Ending










Change in Contract with Customer
 Liability [Roll Forward]




























Contract With Customer
 Liability
 Including New Contract Revenue
 Recognized




























Contract with Customer
 Liability
 Upfront Payments


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018













242




300





400


400







241




































100
















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018






















242




300





241)





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











970


694





498


102





086







554


464



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))



























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

551


031





868)


919)



Total property and equipment
 net

683


112





331


780





650


840





981


620










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

912


928










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

265


948










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

350


210










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]













Vineyards
 orchards and improvements






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

651


293



Vineyards
 orchards and improvements | Minimum






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]













Vineyards
 orchards and improvements | Maximum






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

639


639










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

565


476










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

169


537

































































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

































































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

























































383



















380


244

















200

















100






347


193









900






































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






























































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






























































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






























































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






























100












































200






























Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






























































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






























































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








































































































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]













































Area of Land
 Held-for-Sale






















































































Amount of assets held-for-sale that are not part of a disposal group
 expected to be sold within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 before tax
 of (gain) loss recognized for the (reversal of write-down) write-down to fair value
 less cost to sell
 of a disposal group. Excludes discontinued operations.




























The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.

























































The cash inflow from the sale of formerly productive land held for sale
 anything permanently fixed to it
 including buildings
 structures on it
 and so forth.
































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Investment maturity period
 maximum











000





710















600




















300





















































































Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.






















































































The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Debt Securities
 Available-for-sale [Line Items]








500


000





500


000



















507


006










Debt Securities
 Available-for-sale [Line Items]




















Debt Securities
 Available-for-sale [Line Items]








507


006







Debt Securities
 Available-for-sale
 Sold at Par Value




























Amount
 before tax
 of unrealized gain in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).




























Amount
 before tax
 of unrealized loss in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).

















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











050


050





053


767





997


283










Total intangible and other non-current assets
 net

238


950





286


287





























































000


000





030


967





970


033





























































700


700





829


634







066




































































900


900





900


900


































































































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))


































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











286







286







286







286







168







685







997


283







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











064


469





349


753


























514







188





Operating lease liability
 current















419


368






























































































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Jun. 03
 2020
Apr. 22
 2020
Mar. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Jun. 29
 2017
Nov. 10
 2015
Mar. 31
 2013





























710
000



















820
000











































































































































































600
000

























































300
000












































































820
000



















800
000

























































000


000

















710
000


315
000

















589
000


181
000





























































000
000.0
































000



















000



















000



















640
000


440
000



























































000
000.0


































000



















000



















000



















250
000


875
000















































Payroll Protection Program loan
 maximum percentage allocation of non-payroll costs






















800
000





























































000
000.0




















































































000
000.0




































































000
000.0


































Debt Instrument
 Maximum Percentage Allocation Of Non-Payroll Costs




























Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Jun. 29
 2017
Nov. 10
 2015















710









Current portion of long-term debt
 net of unamortized loan fees

388


127







Long-term debt
 net of current portion and unamortized loan fees

201


054































600

































300

































546











274











820











800












































401


140









309


175









710


315







Unamortized loan fees
 current portion










Unamortized loan fees
 noncurrent portion










Unamortized loan fees
 total










Current portion of long-term debt
 net of unamortized loan fees

388


127







Long-term debt
 net of current portion and unamortized loan fees

201


054









589


181










































160


800









640


440







Unamortized loan fees
 total
























































875


375









250


875







Unamortized loan fees
 total

























Long-term Debt
 Gross
 Current Maturities




























Long-term Debt
 Gross
 Excluding Current Maturities




























Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs classified as current. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs classified as noncurrent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















401





414





140





140





140





475





710



































Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Dec. 12
 2019
Apr. 30
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2018
Feb. 28
 2013


Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
















Preferred shares
 authorized (in shares)









000
000







Preferred shares
 issued (in shares)















































000
000





000




































































000












































































000
























Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]




























000
000.0











208


324













000
000.0


000
000.0


000
000.0










































Amount of increase (decrease) to net income used for calculating diluted earnings per share (EPS)
 resulting from the assumed exercise stock options
 restrictive stock units (RSUs)
 convertible preferred stock of an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 and other dilutive convertible securities.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.




























Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.

























































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.
















































































































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Amount of decrease of par value
 additional paid in capital (APIC) and retained earnings of common and preferred stock retired from treasury when treasury stock is accounted for under the cost method.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019















000







000



























000


000


000







800














Options outstanding
 weighted-average exercise price
 beginning of year (in dollars per share)








Granted
 weighted-average exercise price (in dollars per share)








Exercised
 weighted-average exercise price (in dollars per share)








Forfeited or expired
 weighted-average exercise price (in dollars per share)








Options outstanding
 weighted-average exercise price
 end of year (in dollars per share)








Exercisable
 weighted-average exercise price (in dollars per share)













































































































































































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.









































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2020











700
000



















































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019














































942)


204)





467)


532)





087)


073)























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











127


243







727





373


538

































110


940












244)


889)





246)


032)












587)


030)



Net deferred tax liability
 non-current



090)







Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Credit Carryforwards
 State Alternative Minimum Tax









































































































































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.

























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves and accruals
 classified as other.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.


















































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























238















280







Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Not Subject to Expiration




























Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Subject to Expiration




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











994)


625)
























Other
 net








087)


073)







Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 NOL Carryback
 CARES Act
 Amount






















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 30
 2019
Oct. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019























108


135











416


026











692


109











250


956











369


792











619


748
























424











100


347


193











873)


111)





































849


020











694


635











155


385











108


635
























108


635


















































047


752





































415


839











205


853











210


986











067


163
























067


163


















































143


823





































844


276











517


538











673)


262)











075


158











369


792











444


950
























424













347


193











063)


686)








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))



























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.






















































































The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset
 Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]

 net


 net



Operating lease
 right-of-use asset






Operating Lease
 Liability
 Current
 Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]






Operating lease liability
 current






Operating Lease
 Liability
 Noncurrent
 Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]






Operating lease
 liability
 noncurrent













Weighted average remaining lease term
 operating leases






Weighted average discount rate
 operating leases



































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.

























































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























































































Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























































































































































































































































































Natural Disasters and Other Casualty Events | Other Income
 Net




































































































































































Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.

























































Amount of insurance proceeds for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.




























Amount
 before deduction of insurance proceeds
 of loss recognized in the income statement for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence
 or both.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























855





426





825





336















093




















































Long-term Purchase Commitment
 in Next Twelve Months




























Long-term Purchase Commitment
 in Year Five




























Long-term Purchase Commitment
 in Year Four




























Long-term Purchase Commitment
 in Year Three




























Long-term Purchase Commitment
 in Year Two




























Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Thereafter

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

































































































































































The cash inflow from the sale of formerly productive land held for sale
 anything permanently fixed to it
 including buildings
 structures on it
 and so forth.




























Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.





















































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM
&ULS9+!
M:L

MGTM]D(/ 9_#X#&0Q7@WN:Z/0OL-.Q%Y 1#U9V*94KTJ7D8@E.4GN$(7ND/

GK%K:/







B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1








M







_#



@:3+MB4
I.UT=_9!V (\L257DD/R


1S8:W
U'


MY._
 D^/C^AW]N/A8U9
\[&

L05]&VOZ2
(<K&] ^!+1M
M9O:?8O
P888-!TKNB

M=3DA[]Z^)V])*




MV
M$3ZN4ZBF4X?1@F_; Y#NF8L+JU;!=!X











ML[55/+[?L_[,CW7).)K'4NKX1VF\#[T^,3.S&Z$H:(V-[N.4LXI[ .ZO
MI33'D^P%^6;\\#]02P





*'K2[%ER!;P]WX.V;=^ -8#7XNN6[EM1%NYA+


@IM)&&1D 27;2
M?T]I&L$ 8FBGC ?*^&)$:\G%LPTK-GJ,DBB:SK1I%6=A'-JYDH$K\7)]EELJ
M5 4YS70;8F)TCG830A-(Y@%#L!T $S]T]LA@2TMV\IF8

MG0OEZ.V

M!(@N+&1)Z@W3];?[ZBO%M&-:^OSC/!'6!DT&4J&:=C


M_9
SC5^_/AM*=2%;D$6IIK7?8H
BQR)%HTJAGU6I2ZBF!&8)$866,QG&4.
MWE&HT&N$ZA*CJ4(X3


M*U:#G#1


M
#)OQ6R;?:N=9;
_/[D3U1?2?Q*Q874+2KI6#8/K1'D0_1UO_R)YTUV3/G*I

MD&&I+0
QPQ;GR)@E




M?O=%X9X]V]



M\;)Q!@1E7M7?]*TIQ(D#CAT.I'$@?8?0X1 T#J9R7HW
I'5'%5W
!3\@H:TA

ZI8AIX4?

M15^?[M#9IW





M*!]LE)7Z?$N3Q+B/U&:6)N'

?A+

MQZ@/=V2/Q]G^OE(


ZZ!G7F
M;HS)4!3OC+9C )7*W4:@L=%I.$]@_*GI1R*Q#0F YQ6*Q?K=5*Q[7$]/PS





M970U+GAM;(U5;6_:





M7QFL]

M[:AE1C5


MD.?I+3D].2

Y.A YC
B#%*;4Y+W((=\&


9F?$P&N5H:^[DMB

7KF/-I
'^YZ8E_J% 60
\GTMIU@L;H/OGI7\ 4$L#!!0    ( -R$C5+Y

V


GYP9/8'[1Y

M-+ 6_Q'\M;GXC
Q4MDI]

'@WPM?\[(T/8&.O[I.)_V8
MIN'EYW/OO]G)PV2VK.%K5?Y7%/IP.UE.4
%W[%3J)_7Z3]Y-*#/]Y:IL[%_T

\P(]:_@':Z0;



Z/J4ZU-M$FN&K]ONUZN%*9DO!$\5HM ML)D
M8J_S8U)ZP%KV

:J.J%&PKRA\2&P]



2!*S@.EE:B







MF#K)J]



QUH

MF[3K=%!E80;8
R$M+B^.S_W!F[F4D^!-':/IS@*7$RD%V^+XOQYUX&YOP'8
MGC24JQI5=N0\



$%     @ W(2-4F;CHT@Q!



 8


M%\YB=D![O


7W JL;$[ LE12)97QHI!3HKR


5L-FZU8GJMRW$J6/%NLU\/6'].4Z')&%#P@DH[O

A;BSN-V]W
A7RQ\_)J/_R8^;^P+#V%EQP@=+VP9E!2M<#\

]
Y)*:5<[X4!%O_
M3[H)#6(W]GL(36MT^\D9(O8M$O#Z9^J_^GW89L2<3&ZFC2(V70/0]2]]^*
MZ]0Z\5R+NGJ!'\0]'0,O9CO\'GVUT5A6KAHTE!1/6XJWJG!-A6W7KLV9EM@6
M[LZ@RW

MVGG\P. _U-K*62.)[3P/09HDSV



M

L
_8RU1ZNK+Z
M0:4A.^M,.B*EF2QUN+/+:ZKW<\AXB=4^_A7+:NYXU!%)Z8/-:V-XDM3_<JG

MKU'CU^5H+^)[2GIB/.R*T6 TV(

/[9L\)!










SVQ.$:?J


NVK6KKMF
$*2+O@TKPJ0Z $8:DP]MX %90







O'Q2579NA[G]N;_]B]3Q/L%[9

M\\U777M;='B:5L
??%1^FX!S#8CRMN_H5T?O]=^\=9O&K5UIFKYX49;MT/2N


M)*ELNXJ>ML2L_98_ZX[[SM$B^YJ VMC&=J:N#_C=[GMYMR



1).!71/[!

UB*^Z8MVUNRD)




MR_@%:9H
@97(

2*%8N=&1!4ZX6 D( &L4*D#
_[/?$5.66


M#0467Y


YMS

M:05;A#W[CH2)URUZ6J9VP@0[^ F_FY&O() XGS1G&Y0#T@D7B 0E
&!IX+V2



1MK$'6T82-
M5=26V!Z^0/+VZ
MIH#%9#
P+R4V\

2* '0-XD^(*,O&97C/\<?2-IDC5I9TH5DQPJL




M*RF/'.\H6AQ6/'@


DTIV&XJ]


MA$!
+YF**(H_.DO.44.0-H;^H
/0RG#^ ?P$IS%2TWCYHP$R_3ZR[UFPEWPV

MQF!HD!K&BYIAH8!I6ZSK]M:SSUGV
I2]N D!'N-(9_<23K<53:E



=$AZHVXFEW;[DCW=.R
M.L+6(J:


M)U@G9!)&L*UL?\O+1;8E4K!OLC/LCA;G1,XH9&/?8H!!^DR/OQ^FAP@[)J





/]F;)FG.Y

HYQFL0


['
M6:2R.CT/?PZY0FZ(&9Z6A+5%,YZ@G%7SL/CH)_LNKWR7G4.1Z&!

MQH?&GFXHF$G\ 5:6[=X89)Z)K]H/H!*QT].C3'#Z\.FKV4HQ!Y9I[1GA-V

M(0!A*T



03M/MF=GDYBTESH::



Q@JO4;5<(6'D8P I8_(

MC#U!JLFV!KD;CG\D'Y

MR.QR2 3E&0SUY-*;K)I]UG3:VW+;.+(*J.)6OPXA
B0E$-_R436S.CY:3=-/

M3


1XI



.1JUJ7


9J3X5)=X+0LFU<A8DIE<!/)N^:NG4^%2,3CB7.6J/DD&9U!\5:I*A@C[;
M+A7F:G3NAVP+LY#T[:.J.V8XU)Y:S_'U


4








MXM]%WG( SR2V' 3#I#



M(

M!FVMS:8^A;;HL[ +K10KUGZ94Z&&?+


4-V86(CKR4
1KPZNS.]=H.




M-W8

MN82H(&ZAB^446F(@W)UV6[!^X069 ,V=I0'  )%2_M$#S+.0W-95MIC:#H


M9D!F
W%

MLPEBK61@DKQVZT



MRH3JMEP$H:&E)

YML<.7+<2=5N/AO
MHB1R[[9J-43M!U

M+=TK:IU#I3J6
M'MCK(_+7.E@1IR%/[JCF0O57FCI[-V






MJCI[.ZSZH PNH-I?X#+&( D9X=:I#\;]SD- HS3/3
K
D&LAERCPC6^J?L5Y

M0_XK


O



?POS*;5'+;IG7;( 7[]7U4*TQ9*=
IR5M)GLZKU1M(.)WHXQ I?

MJ_(YI$ +4Q0]%D@OI.B
;KW0K?!(5+&ML)RE(HSCH1W UPX:XT/9 W\#1E#V

Y33R/\9JO_M^8Z1PNMW4IV 3LBV%
MM$JXREC/R)%AK?2]5=.Q&QHE74\*:]HD9&-Z@. K( )&(;IQK)4

M
OB*


B7+0&)YJZ#+$KA:52

MIJR&6PGO0



QW(Y8Z.X79ENB$DGZ/%2B
M0$$]PCWCD1FPD3ND!

_S!BKME)^R]( 1\
M$EAR(6H=K'JEH9FGT] HH4%' G\%!Y P _






15_\'&OF2_(/MJ!__LM

1^ @S9EAQ*T8$GNXHS









ME +E4I?0JCI?H*1V@U(($-

MRP@H-[A\_VJ*@LS8\440)^'&F'+O#NS8%:?

7G\7N@P#'-)\.




Q4I6NU

$
[G+K&DBR4J6G69+\-*VDJD<79V'MUEZ<F=9K5=.M


C?G
+[\4YZ.$ 9&FW+
%B;][NB:MV1!@_-W9






M)


M+7T3;
24(F
-A7&AUQ/QVR#!I71;JW XZQTD7T6JH,\!??\T&P2Q@N[HV6

'D*JBN


WS9MQH\'
M2#IHQP
#)/NN 1)FQ*!H'?%%V\!05_3!6/C?QL%W]=@^#G]%CWW$&.]JEL2:




8S_U8\

W+^R@



M*-)YA373 VI0VI


M*XY+]U

C'I4<PZ/<MXC?D ADD(:9S&9_B&?7%#SS?\5W%PS74N2.\5PO?55AME
M7\./,QFR/D/F,V3_<WUGH:[;9KIA.2XVTX:U1


MTM;2-(*CAB2
)V
8CR?PF0P3)Y5=P.@R'(TR:XRG83;.X+7_$YT\]1I5Z1M:



U86V_;-AC]*X21AP90;5UL


NA0%-WU5B1+_S)4NN
6M7@Q
I07/G%*1





:_$GKV^EZC
MOMH^
5YF[

M9/$&V6U\TN)KD?99$@4L#N/PA+VDC31Q]I*/1!JP^YR7=C=@]NO-S%B-'OGM
MA*MAZVKH7 W_=E(_QPZ[V8P04W-6=65$*\
M0P)%






M11$BGB3N:AI$J


W*FBXN43FXD%WZPS^1-86K\7ED23


6BF43#(8SYDI9EG9*92D9RO%JD7E
M& U83
?F6MIEV]*^14T]




MQ*8A=P%]QR%-S1CM(I[+LFE)[J)'=C&&8I

4XJ9EZGP
Q%\7#+(*ZIX/46()B#5V\XV8)TU:5 < 4


FL(_!W:82=P(+:4^4N]];&O


,:?<L6FE?!)WFN3&L J9-*.B]U-&(PHH.I 5I;4K4%&TK
L36\V

MTDE 9Z
4=P+]#
J#-;__;G+01NK7Z0=1V69-#8/M%'Y/!XM_BB2C_O0(27IC

NS<U^TF[C=\6B$I6I1JY<\OD/U=I-8X:@+6C^S:EOS9:0 J








M]WC3O7_KW7^@1GPNE;APU5S:U:^_'*63P^. S(C*T\*B$]$]$6TS4^=*9#*4






MC5J:V847YC7%AITCFS(D7[8'8R4MKM+DI'6E+EUMH!AQ[!9,8.)&!EWRG

DV.

_!+CYDW&24)

M]OM-Z=


MX6:)UZ/RM #SA8-#V@YMT+U'S_X&4$L#!!0    ( -R$C5*-2Y-@UP
CY5K96BP6L-IJUKKA\N4*K=+$B_<2-6&^LFXCF


H6V-5W8/)@UHTW3^_[_?A )#'

N8@4=D37W3$[!GBA
%;U=B-@5^:


M!M]J#1;[L@2U G$



&4)):B$&?A0-H55K2

=EB_\1?:%=
M;

M^*@LEQ0=2\-X[.


1O,O4$L#!!0    ( -R$C5+$[WI#0




P2O9:'WK)V_K


4T[P1JG_SNV$?3@IFZ2
%

M)$1SY

M^YD6Q=BBV*_V%[SR+[RWII6U[A
J+;:-'\Q.@_MX
QL3U)Y$.B/$FL--T_




M8FPOE$
Z% =L FP^)9VMQ-Z%_.YQ52&1*+


M971S+W-H965T

5.V55MBFR2IKQ64=*]
[YQ8D6^



Y:5LY?NWIKD5AD:#&EWP5GDVF-


M/TCQ4A4#

^Q*6V1=78SBCQ/_.%;0ULX'\?(#Z)
MQ=
?/*=0GMP%KG7:[N5A7IW O^QRMRH$\?GM;IIJAM=K\2%4:5NQ8^RT)5N
3D<
7B]3!3-9FNTQ81F
<41C-'L# 5FK *8[^CW['OT2KUBTH6T!(\L-
M=P_?UBJ#VIO1PB?'?UYH!\D


J$+I&[FH%)&\@1TWF
7^5\.+5QIO4F^5)5@F







\&[WT%R\G=.%^

J?Q2PXI
RV#I

RV/1K\4P_%Y]JN
2-
M
Z+1D(UHFHDKPM9K7:Z4^(T!/1
?/UZ(9SY#N;K^39P[GS%]?B:1H8'XW8OF



MG019V 2 ?0O].(0@MI^

M: 9EYQU;2F3KNMO$ )%2N
6Z+G-1!'C[KL2.=F;L^/)T@:/SFD7FJ#U4O)





A6Y0@( ;26
$F].F/TF%XI
N(=9+!45[1=$
MUA7*!X6\C9M6_: -2LX&F[WQG@Y
Y:X&VR:+QX%K%62
Y W




6[/?-6+M1$NVJ

M^ATCUNR^B



) 9)IYYL'8M4],$O*&A5-0ML$:^@ *_1+U]^O7#


)D) X

M7' CGK\6-4:O*
8 C_5F6W$Z0MFY[;8 'P0R%O2M4E_8YQ 5#+PG0:ODPY+'









M5=Q!8_SA2LXUPY-*[H.K

M

MQ.)O=
9@ZB7(YU5/K=+'U?A'FO!*LJQ.$V&DJ'W7^W[LU




M72/IH*J.ID2480WX U#'CQG



81?S[#NUHNW-4



W1GY?KC[GP:P



M='



M



^Z(E*:RRMU'O?B-

A;

4R4'Y=H9O%58Y\ZNG4YN
IVG9.POXO)KI=R]
&;%@N!?HDLD1.4;2<YB3AE*(_&A%.=SHW(Q
B@]%J2:5?=!!NV*1J21K
M<MHN<QIAA!2T+S-ZL.+1,P%\A,#[HK'K*7UWL0'2RZD2:TG2: ;%)[F
!EJ


TXW.O48G(P17O79.6)?YU5.=XVKALWSED7?6



'H[




K6'Y_.OL74$L#!!0    ( -R$


TWNOE0G/82 J1*E0?2(/%SK2Y469(BP/BKT=GKCB3!





MJ3;8KXVPM1-K;:3)-18\D+ )@

L-&P)Y7V?$<C%.63)XX'6=X<!WM1


M+LT:Z+C D\YJT6\



M07)H&JW&&J#)3A31KI7

M2E1QZ@!MYU$/5#(=K0\S H@T:

1M8PP4+ZD

M)H!Y@2



M #X )DLP





0'XLXS$=@

J
M*H_L'R21QXH^2?#DC%90(M1Q(-@I?LF*W9M(]^%K2;#-B!KJ^T/.4S/H\TWA



MVV[;


?+
*;M;%:$)MV
M$[O:HBADE9QEB3'L1:RBN;3X%O:^=0TI&2%2PNNT5K8[0*5:6=1&NT<MW)3

M]\:G8A8EGA JS

MREET&D&!:]$HNC7M1^S[.?)XN5$N_$+;Q8ZY8MXX
KI/9EO+JON*I_X=]A).

1:6#ZZK XD^ F#D-Q+(=L47V
M(N(5YB



MGA;4*[0=Z=W8@*@*/J3O1W_[?^





O

YEAU\.VK3X=-42]L;*4J_J6V6R6J5+UNANL7-E5_[

M?)%O9=.P(KCQZZAS

+
M2TKCB))5LGI!7SK'FWI]Z3/ZIC _REX;I[J*_O-F;YT!._[[@OIL5I]Y]=F?
6))=6]4P9%0DY#88?RE.8D$-&Q5D5-PD@4(8
F]E P*24X1 ?5B:Y0HB'K


=:!25
MZH*7*.7&QX-L.5DI:2^?C$AU13.4DD33CNN-GJH$ -FRI34^/N$1=
4V]4

MY6IT9K\X6$GZ  5PT4G3RE*A*U]Z7C&!Y@RC37(/I1JEX$ZD^^M?MDF\^=9.


M.YQWUI


]8S+NE'SLWR

[63DO








^FF-U[LT

@  &0


BYX;6RM6VMSVSBR_2LH[]Q]5
FR);^2
M3)(J)]ZI.U.3B2O.3.K6UGZ 2%#FB04@+2L^^OOZ6Z0!/7(;LV=+XE$$4C







^I[GJW;F4


\G/1./W=:HKCCN/&TOY@J5Y ./BN2H .A[<<'35WJG:-
MHNP.8$214II


M


=9*0DWSTME31=R2^WSSG0T#33U&V*(
MS2Y#

ML'2)7
S243SU$!Q]?P274W77^DXQA6L]9O\*U

[

9
M3A4M3 [
TM9SN
:\G&GO.5?T6
'I





(@G[JMB:D]*C4*



M

.JA\40@2YBG4909+P6GK AUAQ4)=FS



M

 !;&
'40O+2^;UB1

G+:FI58X3T&& QL





MSR

.AJ-@E+-++QA-@SD355/^.W?HE
MSW';+EO,OU_]8B,&0,==IR0;'2(M_2['#D1BG!@VTGU0DNFL3:XS1A9^MJ3

DG
1Z&'2B







C5#OBB\J]:J2



;2F8TS1+8


M
S_A!5*$
H.1#\=AP;KJJ/M?GN \U*-E0I$

M72M%E52'DF)[
PLB2;DFD-&5&;L&8YLD[CH&P$AT2+K06BZ8^YI$Y)+
*AV5







FQNJS_I:5IQ

*P=G8G'DJ2;
M56J2;BZ1!#]P11)1^$/C;I?,7P2.BS6&JHB\J_T&(?B

M971S+W-H965T
C


MN
DE

MD+6.3+T%LX):ZNXM'K9UV 

1/D(Q2N'2:*H<




<&B$#X80#@;PXMEAFB;'
M2\M3T](FU/R

MQ/PG4$L#!!0    ( -R$C5*O368$HAL  


M9S]





M%K-63K^R]3]

NS7UR=%67O

M:@AKJQO=JKH^TN_ZT










M[T1+(-/:.X:K#]!%^A ?9@AD.^$Z%[25[!(\2P-E%1#U/_L_:+!@J?X G[8R






BWHQ7AA92$V2S0[(CH3&6_^1LY(0



T'I%/VTM(I* MM!'!Z25&EL4MS&.P^XLAYPRR:_HG5U_2&R7!=91!

MGUV\?+O[E(Q7P+
L_^%&/HH 

M=3A\*SV5M:K]'H

&/VQ4;G $^





-7!.)RR:%.4MVVIY\RES7G-'S8BS4G3(U
MY]\(9 F@
Q?IW?(6-H)


@Q!C#ALK:





MB%:



MYX2#VNJP

MZ
LATZ3E=&00$O$/\YVGN1:CAI%$@R U+58:*Z@5(:L'!U*2&1?[HG7G)DW1



112LXDFK\D95].$:-

SE)

#8&)/9?

MF:T_3
4G=^\8%_Z-?L)KO*EI






'8])+7'+CGS1=D0Y@;:47MI##ISE32)3D6^J@!-LL 4_$;

[@BY8#R(
ZLMK+5S I;&*\W2\!@J:CBP/D


F

JM#G
M$)HH7CI-K7?BD^(H!N/'74_4%KQK;;_=#3L?!



_))M[WOF05

1 T?$G)



DD(*)]
86!I&;.@E N9D0!]HW;42-X/M#.'VT0@JZU!YN/NS3






&J1








\=2]
M'NI(E05R/D96\RF\2@TFOC)CT)T9KDB5_(J7[IXX&_8$C%YKPQDVS!7;GT]



ML/.5-VY%J





GM&]-E-:+1VQ\\






7(663G+G2Q'IT2_&H?(H



YLY]



M8Q'@VBI4SPV









MJZX+E-KF&;'K\/4%M1*\VNM:6JZ!*DH\:T%#JO G4 PZVVUY?S5H[ XL+1














M@\@=
0,KG7&6\/Q
M4\NQD3IL3E;.:^* 9(;P6'&+-$$EUCSWY*7GB3I +8-M)B9I9:_V?R85=WS
MM'
@.O

Y



%EDBGUX Y?BT40N8!08&X= Z/E





WP88'=
5YQ2

$
M8UHH'71D@]VICVDD4Z:+&ANE+:E':


M']G@E*R)GMWFKIP%L2.$ @OC$)A=7O :A7! EL:O/6;0MW2%Q_8!_=9KMUK6
M3.


M0CVK]
!JF9Y$O


M80;L
6&S1M4?%3!96B








#V^V5WO#FTY;L

MVB%:T4)I!(*? UW1JM) Z
:W'M



7_25D%]85P5A_C?R_Q48J@8?E_RM4



W2[
1W(X#


! BR*
MC^\
ZV#NIZ*&TC=/-,T8S=%MRYUN^L)]=4[
SDD5#PKE&V/0^[PW!;V)[^

M@F'DSW\ 4$L#!!0    ( -R$C5)M)4(N  


P+GAM;
U544_;

M4\2D


!E])875&]K8&]6[80:/:'H:48SC)
&KS3
M&B_^ *\;P[62-C?P7::8O@8(*;DVP_@EP]-X)^(9)@?0ZW8@CN)H!UZO9=SS

M;W.$DFE8
5%A!UBAM.5_


)G&'3Z4;2U'M/SY=
@



2YX;6RE5FUOVS80_BL';1A60(TD



SL4VUXO1;+$H'7




O E0$+'

M]*-]%D.2M&04DWEP)PTOR3L6^^'0^3T@(F[]SI*C$_+$18)BQ=*XFT
GBI
-



M*LM YRLIS7YA%?2OM-E_4$L#!!0    ( -R$C5*U:UCH(@
  




VD1/*'\J-
[0J*
^MKJI*=\I96/-[OI$(7-5 0=-A

?BLE=M;^*!JK!\#)
1W
M)

M*

M^8G1PX&V)P?*AUKRY$ K32_+.HH2)6($6RWIB0JU VY]C%3&9D-
CTH'*)9F

1[DJW7B]N.M=

^X^
M[$9::LEW'+QZ
6

987RB%I[8!-@

BM@EN6P




M:=#X#;2^U=H=)[[ ^-^U^@502P


ME=0VX
H^UVDV)#@PGL1Z8QTCFHZW?(W/:#]L




M!%&Y-[_OS-D9\X3!HY)V8^!766'U/4!$OO0.L8-#]^PBXAS+(:1)QF\06\
MM \P]7CII0#GPI2U
JU&^#A;&JOI
7RZ )[UX)D'S\Z /U./5&V-H%;@+CJ5
MP(L(KN?NS):7. FHJ0SJKQB0SY:+VCA4NT%X4

GIKZ-%12-QT
MEY;8+%'W&0

MQ+0F+$QN]L1-YHANI6


MK;3=L.BY_:B==1/F/_5N3C]RO1;20(TK


_BN$5]P:H(L=
M)VV37A(@W;K='K85ZVY[.-R#8M.Q4%MR);E)__V1LIUD6YKA@+W$E$1^'TF1
HZ33IA2.EF85VLJ@2+U1681Q
M%%V$I9 JF$_]WJV93W7MJGPUHMRU*8IVLL]'H6#()NX[-<Y8XWPOFT$BN\
M0_=W=6MH%6Y14EFBLE(K,)C-@L7@ZGK$^E[AJ\2UW9.!(UEJ?<^+]^DLB-@A
M+#!QC#H\XBOL2@8B-QX:#&#+24;[LL=^EL?.\6R%!9?Z^*;3%T^\8!I)B)
MNG?]?HO;.

MV/O=$'DOWP@GYE.CUV!8F]!8\*%Z:W).*KZ4.V?H5)*=F]\YG=SGNDC1V)=P
M\U!+]P1I9WX7B6H.'%P6P@%IU_$LD#;FX:.R!DB3%JBZX8H?H9H$,,'K5QN
MX4:EF'X/$)+76]?CSO7K^CB&TSZ


HNLCT!E8CZFK7:&S[U+Y


_WQ8AP/XC]INY
ZW$-G
MU&


M4



MLAC1()B
2B:JP?S
C

K6?PM
M
K
Z'TP').

(IXTVLMPJPX-25.V5/6WS

&G
*DW\N%MHH4./?
M(R;BSD3L3
2OF+A5\E$XMGJ7O.*Y

MZ$[Y#24D(O*#*=1L2OP@B89'*#;N*#9^@V(P*VJ8OY)E+2L$K(G
]X&^2K+C



\Q_-:(N

-W.D#F;#
M0R[N?? 2?VR)[$VAC;+\#M</B_JDDM5)VC4$+T[: D IS()C!3#IF!RE*CW



M:&5E='
MZNSQ
!.



]B3T@H43N/P+%\



O(KX5



9IW@ Z*1C@N

U
!C
MN@_I




M

MCW=#0?43VL\R!*L






MO
)B %ER NDP'1[!R_K(


HFZ+\*WDN0<
M%L:@-1.XL16)I9(?BE9K8D+ [@O\#_]<)8FZ2^T&@U/X3-G2RZXI9Q/8%$4



ME%Q_L*ZICJ%W%ECW%@V.SIKS1H,Q]2R%8]T1TB$E5:DC]HRGTN2YH;'3)
MBKOQWLFH%%@W0FV1-AM.!LZJ)S7H\HK&\MH;%GL'9$N'N';J1(:M-6)W;AZM


!/
<VEH E9D.AR<TBSI\$H(&ZL:?S
OE:5[WB\K

E_A@0  -$3   9

X+GAM;+U836_;.!#]*X30@P
L(I'T


MU QPFP$J#= ; P1;#'!I@-\8&*;-!L/2( ^U7VPEC\.*:+*82;$'TJXV:/8A







Q4X3WBYZ3)72Y7@PYU4']
M5.?=XDGHM)6',AIGI'4\Y6'*6C5\71TBXBIT^HNS];T^V.FC=
\-%DV)#K
ME6G2VARN00[_4']].?]!)_*X:P)81.7U#?'JKWGRLZ;9%:#AIV4H2[.Z3S
M';32T2MVDY:3AIV(X6X16]
7FH!/C'
%OC=$YC6LDR:

M\&G;!(.6OS#L) S_7XT3/M6XT=L*\&MW'3&5V_S.2!4=?W&I4
U6]U)W^6W



=!E%K$.T[0]P:U-#[#?::N!&W

 \V&D^
MVGMV&GC

MJ_0+66IIQ4FJEH6/P\9+7'NI]&YQ/8A8% 3 V&*=K.UQ-&!GZ^




N-51*
M6\6HI\+X4K?Q


M&D%WL0:*\ 64)_Z4B1/HFDX
SP0Q(BE!6:1_;=JI
43HD$U(:W4V1'=9-3

+S8[!)




MX32
.HAF3B


EDUGR\D6KG*W$?T=X







M$!_7+$D4)

KF7:3M*M)V;:3/J12@

D?W$LYSXJL1I%.Y:=S7NFO*T?7M0E-V!L6
$

J&RO



$&W


MRV;K@:F$YYH(F,T:%RC?JKL7\J)D0O7 LRDP8;#5/L^4!9 _P^E])L)M9!
MU44._@)02P
&ULC55+;]LP#/XK@M%#W3U*W&R(@G0)!W60[&B7;?#
ML(-B
[%06_(DNFGWZT?)B9OFM5XLBB8_?J0H:K!4^LGD 



&




F7G0@7ABQ6XJ4&W8M
M
/%_CK7

8ZH


]Y@1Q?  Q7Y+L?_Q/KIV
MZSZ._9T&B7K!%L%=F\U&:]CY&S.+[L3C7+#4E5+;Y_JVU?BRLW)+?T8WI%
MFJ'_!M


#M&_KZ!]02P

M&I%2BPO3E$$$*97G? $
O\RX2*GJ9B;

M)F/.B(#9T+BT+R:VKP&YQ:\85K(V)CJ41\Z?].0F'!J65@0)!$I34'PM80Q)






MF(/$OS3(A(0*$YJJ IK(+7KZOQ=B6/7S':DNQ7DOU6R=?I(N$O %@V$]06


M9$MG6^2;

MJM6J'[W


K8S'9(^^]K.R$#&A@OB2_GNQR?Y'A4
M<?$J<P%W@K*Y-C)E=H\N*Y

MN 4FS(E'=FTNXA$O%24
V-D,EER_FHFW[.QXQE#0%5
MA@'KUQ9F0*DATC;^-IQ.*VF ^^

ECADJH%


M&1-(;U'H?T&!%W@=AF87P_W[#GAR.?SN3#9A6ZO0\H47U4K/0&P!_38U0X]U

MU6E\\

MINK_L%UM;X&);7Y'ZU-].]3-_!]-?;4\8:$_.(DHK#2E=SO4CD3=KNN)XAO;

MU -(6_*=0@616EU/:R$2KM[6.W!)$-BU;&SMH'VWZ_MI!&%P/9//:\-V]F
M[&&ZY^)5E@ *O564R9E3*E7?NJ[

+JJ@;


MR??(:[.OVN!D%7@\#RA?^MP8+(C'*Y%8!^

Z

$%     @


Y'I.$KYM00J
M2Q(F'R]X+.[/1G#T=.%+M%KK_




M^98B5L4WN*]BO1%89DJ+IIL%116OZRA\J(1@'H'RB J@)HOP Y4 !7!7#1
MT%)9T:Q+IME\)L4]D'FTR98?%-X4I4UKHC3OQALMS;^1*:?GU]*

/=!&/3MKJ!Z*F!%\B9
M\9(O/P 




MJT






M1\^9L6 +

$(!;@;+]CB$+MQ.*0?

M




V6FL @2T





M ]X*K452'*XY



M_17Z$,M)%(^B('CH'XDMA!TP3-MONPV ?&HFVADJB2=-P ^_%+72Q:ED0K
MNXU?;)&:.7/A\' D#;:
_Q!K2B7X%?BAN&JMI8PN+4LLUC0@XH)%-%1WEHP'






M8B

D4.DT5
MNIEMZE+U/H-55P
@6G:=#]3*'?U *T=RMG)Q64+GE2+Q
BR7# V1;P6%[A
MQ1=)T27ZJDR\

Y)7+KG

YJ LP_GI,*QL1GF
MWM1
'8

MPD8PL]\3U+PQCG#=\U1G&IGL6(\[V




[I7

MG4.9:5D&PE*43L5*MWL'*UT60K!?4XC]/!?]8RN]H-058
E9D*PF8$N@2*;J
M$![WR['TZU8#VKI1L8T^/


M3$:X6Y/#O4=J
QDUY.T[7.:4VB

M?#;_YG=O&D_F!_!RPFLF)_R]NJ^1F\G*=?&K39]
/'O:HF+Q3 ITOE@GW1
M4^O






M5?G.F!CD0E9O_GL7B#V#F+48Q#N#N.1=.2I97G++IV.MMJ#=;D)S@_*HI361







M&D


MC*+7OM#$#;'XL60.GY1



$%     @ W(2-4HS*

MM
B-Q9)S3_\9DB-9[13^IM9(UKXG@MIQL':VLW[,#3I&G-FKM0&);U9*ITS
M2U.]LU&(\N\*!=A$D7]






#GQNOIFBX
M=

M

Z/U2*?LR



[#:%Y)G36.E($OR^B]]



M

@(P 2S\<#F2-6* S<9E!*S.PRORD
M\%J2=S3=

%AQYY^(3NUR!GH]
T


MHRNL&LJ0G*L&K#00=ACPVIWASQW7#55H1VKET*!P.9),Q&IXBJ!AJT$^W@

M'8V#;AP-;=C0-B6LL_EIQ^$'MJ&K)[!C(DN&FV%]EQJ*Y!3U)-%P)+^VGG2X
M.P!61(.4V
EW^#(*S0K




M$2
XL7[\SA&2O59UKY_&06_]#
]F1FR

M]L3[HCKG'3R_A.^6];FU=E

M+E6U6%UNF5JEHC10O]]Q+I]OR@[:_Q^P^!]02P
$%     @ W(2-4L$_8=V4


MU/%
0$ A5\8#UI\MS(%2XTB'\:OSZ?1((]P=OWC_:'/7N2RQA#FGWTFARJF3

G65#MZ$X.9=H%=MH




MW%/;F[MOY'M!$OX7F[O3Y


*^U?SNPO4$L#!!0    ( -R$C5++^V$P:P
  *\*







MWKM28OV6^MGR GXJL:+J


MV(C(;#).-FW)IE?)5E!RJ-L&Q\9%BQ3&X*;#)(S]_K49DW]SDX:_%F5_'6
M4F15T]8PL#LJ\PMI.!L2^M-ICW HU$G5




M+-O%L M&IAVADNB1M-



M2=Z;3HIG
S6=R+5)DUS
%-+K+./JZ5RD\O&LAWL_'MPDRP?C'@RFDQ5?BEMA
G[6

/=?B0J9_)'/S





Z(3ASM+PE'T]


M


M-25)B%FSZYZ5!&9EQ_2LLI%0%HUK7!W6N(HCW.RJQRB!



MC^&P*X8ABM1PF#1/O=13F

DYX\:[%4:3




M8[

!SP4'B!6QSOG/S.=\Y
MQJ


M@X4'69+OON


MI0^[$G^?E[S8B+[CX






MET$
$VO.U+C )XT+*^G6ZH+#6%S0W$_=G/_T97S#[H(_+9@+O[..XP C40
ML'L@Z%W=[7$:*XK&T5FZ6A$F=A.FJZN'^NZZM_C5-:H39F K#:+HDKCITMG5




PO;JJW6YEAE+F6+4I\R
M78?)&G9(1MOV2HC(B=UXI-A(AA]C
EH#4L;5F-P05I'G0C2*5IE:N*CI1L--
MCZ152PJNDM);
O&_D

MZWZG4.K+_OV)^*03GUCQ\(KX1K(J937E)&O ]*^]^WVMMS*1E3'_@[=D$GHZ

M






M+@;! $6PH7FL'OCA%LH!38R]D




*TUM9
P2X(J]8N9*E9NVLE]%NF=6JQ5CQ\VO$X B%_

 G
M#@
C[9+*+^35+U?$:7$)X1#Y^ 01#Y\U %V[Y6O(M-QKE2][](Y)JWSEEE]F

942

B3+(9G!$6(8ZE4(M=964GS5D*8Z88R[(HL=)

M:GSB7JT&Z[18K28:Z!-Y



O51I^G86!H_GF/BRGJDCM3$'53K^7T]XFA(Q41G
MWEN6AH]3&@E\X@5O0^JJ=W$]\FX!;V.X<0=P]=O<8_F-N12-7YYX
YI+
?6



M=0VU^!=02P


X$/XK5K32M5);P'FOTDA-Z-WMA]56V^WM






'2X@B


)KON3Y.I?JO3D_$FR
MX'7#HAX^ L]_$ZI?$<D0^O7Y, $ET:]!B1!%VC3 %]WV95N]=5TV(7/DA




3
MH



^V-<R*_SP[ 69;L6M]J E1P&)UTA-$



MDFN0:6@RN&)
;&?
'#U-I$(H:% /@35ND4RKJ?!V7/_!^5HJ9
QA%)'6108-
MRPA7G(KMG-H:*C1NF8RAXEJHY]N_=A'?*G(::
7*V

3
M\W6TJ





MW%S .UC




ME5!I=Z]-
I(R71*HI7]EBS8$D1E06-G:<TY)3JWQT*S-^7C(
+@F*UB ?%O/N9K9C9<D+X&*



M(Y*

M-P$*:2YOD*H6:EO=H-X
)



:_QP4UU)G@E?


CD+^5EL C5X+QM74VVJ]^^S[*MM
M0=2]V $W(VLAZ)-5VY\M9- \M*H8'X8!(E?$
J]V:1\MI2SB=AK1CDL)5+[
MHB#R]!68.$X][+T]^$$W6VT?^+/)CFS@&?3/W5*:GE][R6D!7%'!D83UU/N
M/\]Q8@U*Q2\*1W751G8I*R%^V\Y#/O42P0






3UH$)2W]1I[]JR9J\


-U6-HB'

MHQK65

1F[(I(9












M2JB8&:H:).X42E?
HJE7H:DUL-P'52*D47055HS+($W\VI-.$[6V@DMXTL2L

$UJMH(EV-?Z2:



YS6\Z#64!R*-A:V&?5?($VGXGC94H8_R5-ZQL%)%L;





KC-E%MSIN1K7*)Z+.^$GKFM2D(+9))R!@+3B3/S


M$%=2\:)QU@0%9?4_V39UV''PHR

0[#OTCCB$C4-H$ZW);%H+HLAT+/@&


A;K:E
MWCQ
(






MK[IVM6V?
.\STIP$*8Z?IYRKEXD)T'YL3/\!4$L#!!0    ( -R$C5*%ZI9Y<0(
M 

!#_5TY9
U&44E47\:QRTJLA.N8&C6?%,96@GAIE[&K+8H\@H5ITER
 [Q+7;F<./I.%
8]^\34?18DWA HS

T%B/+1F#=9'
YN?A+L):



MR5[@Z^WANT.2%OF!T_8N'?R\6CBR_%1_'1#HMP+](-#?(S!'FS$[UQ:8 FIA



8[)5&A
M789.X5A_I:EY8NUNVXRN0@V^VI]PDVIZRE^:IL/=KN4VH'@BF3SAG[LDW7

$%     @ W(2-4N]D



M6C9Y95HSU[8[



M=G1^WJ!?C/0+3[^X0O_:-4?01)7$WBG75YM@$&_(A






T?N/RX?5^J;].NE66:\Z)*18%*



YB29HR5?)+I/WXNEW


M:!M Q_; V@#6#P@L 7X;X(^U%+0!09/[?;*:3

M)[CG6U'*M%B?HI




!SUO@$I=



M2B/6+T:@K)G_@-G6 




46$P$!/?O*D@6QI%E


S:
5W\V4#Q'^ G Z;J86!LFD R2@++







M9 _
2TQ/H1VW((F2J

MC-74JS\.9&W76=L^:V=/UG]RU
SE@6NDSFV!/W0G:G%R:Q#.C4';@JEEUHOD
-VN$PCO,T584[3E[

M8-./FY7OUV#[OZW\WTJF;RK^

]



*V*D0JH&F36@F5
M=GN8]F2['JV
R^0/OO=W9Q#;HI+TDOO-]]WV?XTMZT.;95@#(7FJI[RH
M$'
6-1U!R8%M5#MF[]TYW B$<7 '$'B+WNELBK7'+D66KT@1E73=W<PEOU
M:!(GE/LH:S2T*PB'V4+7M4 Z9;2,JX(MM$*AMJ!R 98-UG0)BD8TR6[Y]@8

$%     @ W(2-4A+-

MYB$O#9A[SSV^/ASCCO92_=);2@UZC[C08V=KS.[.=76PI1'1';FC IZLI8J(





\2^FT3!EGH&W
M


P1!=_6HRS:HPSW\% =JEK4#+*@09L)?6N-TC2A
MA_8H-Y4H9VO6S87;36[=7W:4:M,L4'?*5A1B*9:4Q#QW]\A$T-C?0_#65Z




M FN_Z9=B/IH?BZ?)8; T/L-WUPQ?@_'Z/306\G9_!'HC9
:/@N64
IKS.$



M;6RUEEMOFS 4Q[^*A?;02EO!!G*IDDA-NFF56BUJVNUAVH
+)\$JV)GM-.VW

W'0


A':%@@NX
/5+H
M



LMXTU






M7*$8ML;4N1@;LLS;LGRBQ3YKA9Z$-HU5-HQ

M2P
$%     @ W(2-4L


\KDT$F4RB]=5T8)

GRRYR(C2IEBY
A=(8@O*J!MX7L?-2




MM):*9Q589YEK/R3YTJ(/4 0?  (*D#P!J #'P:$%2 \%MN &VK3%F*U6%
M%!D-!] &&_-9A963(O6Y:?



'[C6&?E?:*QPM7[^.T?\2^7QOUTZ\3Q%P7/$<HZ_U\S\QNAWA
5:M[=E





MXQ=1/\.

$RTY(%#U2D9$8%GVL.7CDMN=@X
M\P@
R64#HRMJ@TU!$O]Z.AFT'!6YZ22Z6;VZ^SMOEQ\ VQD(Y$)T D?$


M*


M'

 ?0(8@S9?$6




FB^EV+ *JED)7^*8C(8#9A=Z\=_M)$_M7*\G.=&E^5D
&YW?!7&



M Z9X)2:#2[T5ALWX2H23\O\R+=H3=)X
A


M#8!




D
2:V



B%@8:*+T+8*8F#HB8G7@F#'$

&%$Q
+H3_9Z
M
3&'1

M8.
M
MR1AN=N7]*W#2S$Q#23$&OF(4[CC$Q#23$&OF /-.EZ&?1VZ*\$S=04Q




MU)U'_O8404Q



M1FPAOAS S$QV7$%L(QYQ 3LU!&ODP
J1UURH099J&
?*$8A@DME*$KQ8Y9

MWY[S









M
J51D]BR72A_CY



M4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(

M4$L! A0#%     @ W(2-4A.1ITGO    *P(  !$              ( !KP

M !
              ( !S0$  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE




&UL4$L! A0#%     @ W(2-4DS_(XFZ @  _P8  !@              (!


  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H

&UL4$L! A0#%     @

4
&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ W(2-4I!-U35Y @  504  !D              (!.F$




M='


M Q0    ( -R$C5)\_\)M3A   $XQ   9               @6YX  !X;]W




$P  &0              @('K


M965T


4

















Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -R$C5*U:UCH
M(@
  

M




T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -R$C5)IB-8E  4  *4
   9













M% 





M:&5E='




M


4

Y$_ @  =04  !D              (!^F ! 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='

YX;6Q02P$% 



8%   9               @;!F 0!X;]W



&PO=V]R:W-H

)P










LCP$ 6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08     30!- !(5  #%D0$    !
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










{
 instance: {
  cwgl-20201231.htm: {
   axisCustom: 0
   axisStandard: 25
   contextCount: 176
   dts: {
    calculationLink: {
     local: [
      cwgl-20201231_cal.xml
     ]
    }
    definitionLink: {
     local: [
      cwgl-20201231_def.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    inline: {
     local: [
      cwgl-20201231.htm
     ]
    }
    labelLink: {
     local: [
      cwgl-20201231_lab.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020/dei-doc-2020-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-doc-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    presentationLink: {
     local: [
      cwgl-20201231_pre.xml
     ]
    }
    referenceLink: {
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020/dei-ref-2020-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-ref-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    schema: {
     local: [
      cwgl-20201231.xsd
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017/country-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020/dei-2020-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017/naics-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-parts-codification-2019-01-31.xsd
     ]
    }
   }
   elementCount: 553
   entityCount: 1
   hidden: {
    http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31: 6
    http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231: 1
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31: 5
    total: 12
   }
   keyCustom: 43
   keyStandard: 376
   memberCustom: 34
   memberStandard: 33
   nsprefix: cwgl
   nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
   report: {
    R1: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: true
     longName: 0001001 - Document - Cover Page
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     shortName: Cover Page
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R10: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2107103 - Disclosure - Revenue
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/Revenue
     shortName: Revenue
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2111104 - Disclosure - Restructuring
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/Restructuring
     shortName: Restructuring
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2115105 - Disclosure - Inventory
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/Inventory
     shortName: Inventory
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2118106 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipment
     shortName: Property and Equipment
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InvestmentHoldingsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2122107 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstruments
     shortName: Financial Instruments
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InvestmentHoldingsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2126108 - Disclosure - Intangible and Other Non-Current Assets
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssets
     shortName: Intangible and Other Non-Current Assets
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2130109 - Disclosure - Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilities
     shortName: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2133110 - Disclosure - Debt
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/Debt
     shortName: Debt
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2138111 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity and Equity Incentive Plan
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlan
     shortName: Stockholders' Equity and Equity Incentive Plan
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2142112 - Disclosure - Income Taxes
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     shortName: Income Taxes
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1001002 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2149113 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlan
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plan
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2151114 - Disclosure - Business Segment Information
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformation
     shortName: Business Segment Information
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2155115 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2161116 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEvents
     shortName: Subsequent Events
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2204201 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     subGroupType: policies
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2305301 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2308302 - Disclosure - Revenue (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueTables
     shortName: Revenue (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2312303 - Disclosure - Restructuring (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringTables
     shortName: Restructuring (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2316304 - Disclosure - Inventory (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventoryTables
     shortName: Inventory (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2319305 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentTables
     shortName: Property and Equipment (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1002003 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtSecuritiesAvailableForSaleTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2323306 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsTables
     shortName: Financial Instruments (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtSecuritiesAvailableForSaleTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2327307 - Disclosure - Intangible and Other Non-Current Assets (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsTables
     shortName: Intangible and Other Non-Current Assets (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2331308 - Disclosure - Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesTables
     shortName: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2334309 - Disclosure - Debt (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtTables
     shortName: Debt (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2339310 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity and Equity Incentive Plan (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanTables
     shortName: Stockholders' Equity and Equity Incentive Plan (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2343311 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2352312 - Disclosure - Business Segment Information (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationTables
     shortName: Business Segment Information (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:AssetsAndLiabilitiesLesseeTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2356313 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:AssetsAndLiabilitiesLesseeTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:PricePerBottleLowRange
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2402401 - Disclosure - Nature of Operations (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     shortName: Nature of Operations (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:PricePerBottleLowRange
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryWriteDown
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2406402 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: iedb1e7f758384ca2836e3fa1a88b98e5_D20190701-20191231
      decimals: 2
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:InventoryReserveEstimatedPercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1003004 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Operations
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InterestExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2409403 - Disclosure - Revenue (Narrative) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Revenue (Narrative) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: icc27996bfe6e483e8b1935f2b3aecba5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:ContractwithCustomerTerm
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerLiability
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2410404 - Disclosure - Revenue (Contract Balances) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueContractBalancesDetails
     shortName: Revenue (Contract Balances) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i383cb0cdeef64fafbffc55be1f1ba2eb_I20181231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerLiability
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringCharges
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2413405 - Disclosure - Restructuring (Narrative) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Restructuring (Narrative) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -5
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringReserve
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2414406 - Disclosure - Restructuring (Rollforward of Restructuring Activities) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringRollforwardofRestructuringActivitiesDetails
     shortName: Restructuring (Rollforward of Restructuring Activities) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryFinishedGoods
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417407 - Disclosure - Inventory (Summary of Inventory) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventorySummaryofInventoryDetails
     shortName: Inventory (Summary of Inventory) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryFinishedGoods
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2420408 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment (Summary Of Property And Equipment) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     shortName: Property and Equipment (Summary Of Property And Equipment) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AreaOfLand
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: acre
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2421409 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment (Narrative) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Property and Equipment (Narrative) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: ibc1c8241317449b2a962150dfd420ba1_I20190630
      decimals: -5
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroup
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:InvestmentMaturityPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2424410 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments (Narrative) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Financial Instruments (Narrative) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:InvestmentMaturityPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i0d8ffb1e76894f1cb033f5bb76b196fe_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:DebtSecuritiesAvailableforsaleSoldatParValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2425411 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments (Schedule Of Available For Sale Securities) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     shortName: Financial Instruments (Schedule Of Available For Sale Securities) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i0d8ffb1e76894f1cb033f5bb76b196fe_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:DebtSecuritiesAvailableforsaleSoldatParValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2428412 - Disclosure - Intangible and Other Non-Current Assets (Summary Of Intangible Assets) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     shortName: Intangible and Other Non-Current Assets (Summary Of Intangible Assets) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1004005 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Losses
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLosses
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Losses
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2429413 - Disclosure - Intangible and Other Non-Current Assets (Amortization expense for Intangible Assets) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails
     shortName: Intangible and Other Non-Current Assets (Amortization expense for Intangible Assets) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2432414 - Disclosure - Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities (Schedule of Other Accrued Expenses) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
     shortName: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities (Schedule of Other Accrued Expenses) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2435415 - Disclosure - Debt (Narrative) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Debt (Narrative) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i960023b872be4f43b6c2a6c7c53e40e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2436416 - Disclosure - Debt (Schedule of Debt) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     shortName: Debt (Schedule of Debt) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i9247b694734c48d6b2317cf17b721a05_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:LongtermDebtGrossCurrentMaturities
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2437417 - Disclosure - Debt (Summary of Debt Maturity) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails
     shortName: Debt (Summary of Debt Maturity) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2440418 - Disclosure - Stockholders\u2019 Equity And Equity Incentive Plan - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Stockholders\u2019 Equity And Equity Incentive Plan - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i566c50113f1c48529ec283cd9b07c0de_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2441419 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity and Equity Incentive Plan - Stock Option Activity (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     shortName: Stockholders' Equity and Equity Incentive Plan - Stock Option Activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i6c891fa3d1034f4d9d0825ef2edeccb2_D20170101-20171231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ChangeInTaxRateIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2444420 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i6c891fa3d1034f4d9d0825ef2edeccb2_D20170101-20171231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ChangeInTaxRateIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2445421 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Provision (Benefit) For Income Taxes) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes (Provision (Benefit) For Income Taxes) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2446422 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Principal Components Of Deferred Taxes) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes (Principal Components Of Deferred Taxes) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1005006 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:SummaryOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: ic6a784f9585c44f8bf37f4b8d2361428_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjecttoExpiration
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2447423 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Schedule Of Operating Loss Carryforwards) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes (Schedule Of Operating Loss Carryforwards) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:SummaryOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: ic6a784f9585c44f8bf37f4b8d2361428_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjecttoExpiration
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2448424 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Schedule Of Effective Income Tax Reconciliation) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes (Schedule Of Effective Income Tax Reconciliation) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2450425 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlanDetails
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plan (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfOperatingSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2453426 - Disclosure - Business Segment Information (Narrative) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Business Segment Information (Narrative) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfOperatingSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R64: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2454427 - Disclosure - Business Segment Information (Schedule Of Segment Reporting) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     shortName: Business Segment Information (Schedule Of Segment Reporting) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: ib48a618eab53475e8da94295a4a2f5e5_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R65: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       cwgl:AssetsAndLiabilitiesLesseeTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2457428 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Schedule of Supplemental Balance Sheet Information) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Schedule of Supplemental Balance Sheet Information) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       cwgl:AssetsAndLiabilitiesLesseeTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R66: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2458429 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Schedule of Maturities of Lease Liabilities) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Schedule of Maturities of Lease Liabilities) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R67: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2459430 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Narrative) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Narrative) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R68: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: icf1c933563d941af92476d44fc1660a4_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2460431 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Schedule Of Purchase Commitments) (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Schedule Of Purchase Commitments) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: icf1c933563d941af92476d44fc1660a4_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: cwgl:LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R69: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i29a05620d6044a59965caecc8287addb_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AreaOfLand
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: acre
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2462432 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details)
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     shortName: Subsequent Events (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: idb29836117524db386a64114ed6fc9bc_I20181231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SharesOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1006007 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Changes In Equity
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Changes In Equity
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: idb29836117524db386a64114ed6fc9bc_I20181231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SharesOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2101101 - Disclosure - Nature of Operations
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperations
     shortName: Nature of Operations
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2103102 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies
     role: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPolicies
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: cwgl-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i98563d9e97824914a9f091a23e5140c6_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   }
   segmentCount: 67
   tag: {
    cwgl_A2020PPPTermLoanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: 2020 PPP Term Loan
        label: 2020 PPP Term Loan [Member]
        terseLabel: 2020 PPP Term Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: A2020PPPTermLoanMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_AccruedAcquisitionCostsOfPropertyAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued Acquisition Costs of Property and Equipment
        label: Accrued Acquisition Costs of Property and Equipment
        terseLabel: Acquisition of property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedAcquisitionCostsOfPropertyAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_AcquisitionOfPropertyAndEquipmentAccruedButNotYetPaid: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Acquisition of Property and Equipment Accrued but Not yet Paid
        label: Acquisition of Property and Equipment Accrued but Not yet Paid
        terseLabel: Acquisition of property and equipment accrued but not yet paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AcquisitionOfPropertyAndEquipmentAccruedButNotYetPaid
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_AmericanAgcreditFlcaMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: American AgCredit (FLCA) [Member]
        label: American Agcredit Flca [Member]
        terseLabel: 2015 Term Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmericanAgcreditFlcaMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_AmericanAgcreditFlcaSecondTermLoanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: American Agcredit Flca, Second Term Loan
        label: American Agcredit Flca, Second Term Loan [Member]
        terseLabel: 2017 Term Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmericanAgcreditFlcaSecondTermLoanMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_AppleOrchardsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Apple Orchards [Member]
        label: Apple Orchards [Member]
        terseLabel: Apple Orchards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AppleOrchardsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_ArcherySummitMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Archery Summit [Member]
        label: Archery Summit [Member]
        terseLabel: Archery Summit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ArcherySummitMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_AreaOfLandInOperation: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area of Land in Operation
        label: Area of Land in Operation
        terseLabel: Acreage currently planted and producing grapes (acres)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AreaOfLandInOperation
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: areaItemType
    }
    cwgl_AreaofLandHeldforSale: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area of Land, Held-for-Sale
        label: Area of Land, Held-for-Sale
        terseLabel: Area of land held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AreaofLandHeldforSale
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: areaItemType
    }
    cwgl_AssetImpairmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset Impairment [Member]
        label: Asset Impairment [Member]
        terseLabel: Asset Impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetImpairmentMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_AssetsAndLiabilitiesLesseeTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Assets And Liabilities, Lessee [Table Text Block]
        label: Assets And Liabilities, Lessee [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAndLiabilitiesLesseeTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    cwgl_BrandMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Brand [Member]
        label: Brand [Member]
        terseLabel: Brand
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BrandMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_BulkWineInventoryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Bulk Wine Inventory [Member]
        label: Bulk Wine Inventory [Member]
        terseLabel: Bulk Wine Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BulkWineInventoryMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_BulkWineSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Bulk Wine Sales [Member]
        label: Bulk Wine Sales [Member]
        terseLabel: Bulk wine Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BulkWineSalesMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_CapitalizedCostsPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Capitalized Costs Period
        label: Capitalized Costs Period
        terseLabel: Period which costs are capitalized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalizedCostsPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    cwgl_CashPaidDuringThePeriodAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash Paid During The Period [Abstract]
        label: Cash Paid During The Period [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash paid during the period for:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashPaidDuringThePeriodAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    cwgl_CavesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Caves [Member]
        label: Caves [Member]
        terseLabel: Caves
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CavesMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_ChamisalVineyardsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Chamisal Vineyards [Member]
        label: Chamisal Vineyards [Member]
        terseLabel: Chamisal Vineyards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChamisalVineyardsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_ChangeinContractwithCustomerLiabilityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Change in Contract with Customer, Liability [Roll Forward]
        label: Change in Contract with Customer, Liability [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Increase (decrease) attributed to:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChangeinContractwithCustomerLiabilityRollForward
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueContractBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    cwgl_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityIncludingNewContractRevenueRecognized: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract With Customer, Liability, Including New Contract Revenue, Recognized
        label: Contract With Customer, Liability, Including New Contract Revenue, Recognized
        negatedTerseLabel: Revenue recognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerLiabilityIncludingNewContractRevenueRecognized
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueContractBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_ContractwithCustomerLiabilityUpfrontPayments: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract with Customer, Liability, Upfront Payments
        label: Contract with Customer, Liability, Upfront Payments
        terseLabel: Upfront payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractwithCustomerLiabilityUpfrontPayments
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueContractBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_ContractwithCustomerTerm: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract with Customer, Term
        label: Contract with Customer, Term
        terseLabel: Payment terms
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractwithCustomerTerm
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    cwgl_CorporateAndReconcilingItemsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Corporate And Reconciling Items [Member]
        label: Corporate And Reconciling Items [Member]
        terseLabel: Corporate and reconciling items
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CorporateAndReconcilingItemsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_DebtInstrumentMaximumPercentageAllocationOfNonPayrollCosts: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Maximum Percentage Allocation Of Non-Payroll Costs
        label: Debt Instrument, Maximum Percentage Allocation Of Non-Payroll Costs
        terseLabel: Payroll Protection Program loan, maximum percentage allocation of non-payroll costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentMaximumPercentageAllocationOfNonPayrollCosts
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    cwgl_DebtSecuritiesAvailableforsaleSoldatParValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Sold at Par Value
        label: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Sold at Par Value
        terseLabel: Par Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtSecuritiesAvailableforsaleSoldatParValue
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_DecreaseinDilutedEarningsperShareDuetoChangeinReserveEstimate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Decrease in Diluted Earnings per Share Due to Change in Reserve Estimate
        label: Decrease in Diluted Earnings per Share Due to Change in Reserve Estimate
        terseLabel: Decrease in diluted earnings per share due to change in reserve estimate (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DecreaseinDilutedEarningsperShareDuetoChangeinReserveEstimate
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    cwgl_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsStateAlternativeMinimumTax: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Credit Carryforwards, State Alternative Minimum Tax
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Credit Carryforwards, State Alternative Minimum Tax
        terseLabel: California alternative minimum tax credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsStateAlternativeMinimumTax
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_DepletionAllowance: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Depletion Allowance
        label: Depletion Allowance
        terseLabel: Depletion allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepletionAllowance
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_DepreciationCapitalizedIntoInventory: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Depreciation Capitalized into Inventory
        label: Depreciation Capitalized into Inventory
        terseLabel: Capitalized into inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationCapitalizedIntoInventory
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_DepreciationChargedToIncomeStatement: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Depreciation Expensed General and Administrative
        label: Depreciation Charged to Income Statement
        terseLabel: Expensed to general and administrative
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationChargedToIncomeStatement
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_DevelopmentCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Development Costs [Policy Text Block]
        label: Development Costs [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Vineyard Development Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DevelopmentCostsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    cwgl_DirectToConsumersMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Direct to Consumers [Member]
        label: Direct To Consumers [Member]
        terseLabel: Direct to Consumer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DirectToConsumersMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_DoubleCanyonVineyardsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Double Canyon Vineyards [Member]
        label: Double Canyon Vineyards [Member]
        terseLabel: Double Canyon Vineyards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DoubleCanyonVineyardsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNOLCarrybackCARESActAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, NOL Carryback, CARES Act, Amount
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, NOL Carryback, CARES Act, Amount
        terseLabel: NOL carryback - CARES Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNOLCarrybackCARESActAmount
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_ExciseTaxes: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Taxes as a reduction of sales.
        label: Excise Taxes
        terseLabel: Excise taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExciseTaxes
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_FallowLandMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fallow Land [Member]
        label: Fallow Land [Member]
        terseLabel: Fallow Land
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FallowLandMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_GrapeContractsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Grape Contracts [Member]
        label: Grape Contracts [Member]
        terseLabel: Grape Contracts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrapeContractsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiabilityAndOtherPayables: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 17.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase (Decrease) In Contract With Customer, Liability And Other Payables
        label: Increase (Decrease) In Contract With Customer, Liability And Other Payables
        terseLabel: Customer deposits and other payables
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiabilityAndOtherPayables
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_InventoryReserveEstimatedPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory Reserve, Estimated Percentage
        label: Inventory Reserve, Estimated Percentage
        terseLabel: Inventory reserve estimate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryReserveEstimatedPercentage
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    cwgl_InvestmentMaturityPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Investment Maturity Period
        label: Investment Maturity Period
        terseLabel: Investment maturity period, maximum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InvestmentMaturityPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    cwgl_LegacyPermitsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Legacy Permits [Member]
        label: Legacy Permits [Member]
        terseLabel: Legacy permits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LegacyPermitsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Purchase Commitment Expense
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment Expense
        terseLabel: Amounts purchased under agreements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentExpense
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Next Twelve Months
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInYearFive: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Year Five
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Year Five
        terseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInYearFive
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInYearFour: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Year Four
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Year Four
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInYearFour
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInYearThree: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Year Three
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Year Three
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInYearThree
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Year Two
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, in Year Two
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentInYearTwo
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentThereafter: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Purchase Commitment, Thereafter
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, Thereafter
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentThereafter
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_LongtermDebtGrossCurrentMaturities: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Debt, Gross, Current Maturities
        label: Long-term Debt, Gross, Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtGrossCurrentMaturities
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_LongtermDebtGrossExcludingCurrentMaturities: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Debt, Gross, Excluding Current Maturities
        label: Long-term Debt, Gross, Excluding Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Long-term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtGrossExcludingCurrentMaturities
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_MajorCustomerOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Major Customer One [Member]
        label: Major Customer One [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomerOneMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_MajorCustomerThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Major Customer Three
        label: Major Customer Three [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Three
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomerThreeMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_MajorCustomerTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Major Customer Two
        label: Major Customer Two [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Two
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomerTwoMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_NatureOfOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nature of Operations [Abstract]
        label: Nature Of Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Nature Of Operations [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NatureOfOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    cwgl_NatureOfOperationsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nature of Operations [Line Items]
        label: Nature of Operations [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Nature of Operations [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NatureOfOperationsLineItems
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    cwgl_NatureOfOperationsTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nature of Operations [Table]
        label: Nature Of Operations [Table]
        terseLabel: Nature Of Operations [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NatureOfOperationsTable
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    cwgl_NonIncomeTaxPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Non-Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        label: Non-Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Taxes not on income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonIncomeTaxPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    cwgl_NumberOfAppellations: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of Appellations
        label: Number of Appellations
        terseLabel: Number of appellations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfAppellations
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    cwgl_NumberOfWineriesOwned: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of Wineries Owned
        label: Number of Wineries Owned
        terseLabel: Number of wineries owned
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfWineriesOwned
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    cwgl_NumberofCountriesWhereWineisAvailable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of Countries Where Wine is Available
        label: Number of Countries Where Wine is Available
        terseLabel: Number of countries where wine is available (countries)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberofCountriesWhereWineisAvailable
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    cwgl_NumberofProperiesAffectedbyWildfires: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of Properties Affected by Wildfires
        label: Number of Properies Affected by Wildfires
        terseLabel: Number of wineries affected by wildfires (in wineries)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberofProperiesAffectedbyWildfires
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    cwgl_NumberofTrailersOwnedbyCrimson: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of Trailers Owned by Crimson
        label: Number of Trailers Owned by Crimson
        terseLabel: Number of airstream trailers owned (in trailers)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberofTrailersOwnedbyCrimson
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    cwgl_OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjecttoExpiration: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Not Subject to Expiration
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Not Subject to Expiration
        terseLabel: Carried forward indefinitely
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjecttoExpiration
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_OperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjecttoExpiration: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Subject to Expiration
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Subject to Expiration
        terseLabel: 2027-2043
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjecttoExpiration
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_PayrollProtectionProgramLoanCARESACTMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payroll Protection Program Loan [Member]
        label: Payroll Protection Program Loan, CARES ACT [Member]
        terseLabel: 2020 PPP Term Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PayrollProtectionProgramLoanCARESACTMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_PineRidgeVineyardsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Pine Ridge Vineyards [Member]
        label: Pine Ridge Vineyards [Member]
        terseLabel: Pine Ridge Vineyards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PineRidgeVineyardsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_PricePerBottleLowRange: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Price Per Bottle, Low Range
        label: Price Per Bottle, Low Range
        terseLabel: Price per bottle
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PricePerBottleLowRange
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_ProductionandFarming: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Production and Farming
        label: Production and Farming
        terseLabel: Production and farming
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductionandFarming
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_RelatedPartyMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related Party [Member]
        label: Related Party [Member]
        terseLabel: Related Party
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_RentExpenseRelatedtoLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rent Expense Related to Lease Liability
        label: Rent Expense Related to Lease Liability
        terseLabel: Rent expense related to lease liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RentExpenseRelatedtoLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    cwgl_RepurchaseProgram2019Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Repurchase Program 2019 [Member]
        label: Repurchase Program 2019 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2019 Repurchase Program
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepurchaseProgram2019Member
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_RevolvingCreditFacilityBMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revolving Credit Facility B [Member]
        label: Revolving Credit Facility B [Member]
        terseLabel: Term Revolving Credit Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityBMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_SeghesioFamilyVineyardsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Seghesio Family Vineyards [Member]
        label: Seghesio Family Vineyards [Member]
        terseLabel: Seghesio Family Vineyards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeghesioFamilyVineyardsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_SevenHillsWineryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Seven Hills Winery [Member]
        label: Seven Hills Winery [Member]
        terseLabel: Seven Hills Winery
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SevenHillsWineryMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    cwgl_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
        terseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTable
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    cwgl_SmallBusinessAssociationLoanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Small Business Association Loan [Member]
        label: Small Business Association Loan [Member]
        terseLabel: Small Business Association Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SmallBusinessAssociationLoanMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_ThirdPartyMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Third Party [Member]
        label: Third Party [Member]
        terseLabel: Third Party
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ThirdPartyMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_VineyardMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vineyard [Member]
        label: Vineyard [Member]
        terseLabel: Vineyard
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VineyardMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_VineyardsAndVineyardImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vineyards and Vineyard Improvements [Member]
        label: Vineyards And Vineyard Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Vineyards, orchards and improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VineyardsAndVineyardImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_VineyardsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vineyards [Member]
        label: Vineyards [Member]
        terseLabel: Vineyards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VineyardsMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_VolumeOfLiquidPerBottleOfWine: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Volume of Liquid Per Bottle of Wine
        label: Volume of Liquid Per Bottle of Wine
        terseLabel: Volume of liquid (per bottle of wine)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VolumeOfLiquidPerBottleOfWine
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: volumeItemType
    }
    cwgl_WholesaleDistributorSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Wholesale Distributor Sales [Member]
        label: Wholesale Distributor Sales [Member]
        terseLabel: Wholesale Distributor Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WholesaleDistributorSalesMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    cwgl_WholesalersMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Wholesalers [Member]
        label: Wholesalers [Member]
        terseLabel: Wholesale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WholesalersMember
     nsuri: http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.
        label: Amendment Flag
        terseLabel: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendmentFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city
        label: City Area Code
        terseLabel: City Area Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CityAreaCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.
        label: Cover [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CoverAbstract
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
        terseLabel: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
      r406
      r407
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.
        label: Document Annual Report
        terseLabel: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.
        label: Document Period End Date
        terseLabel: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r408
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.
        label: Document Transition Report
        terseLabel: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
        label: Document Type
        terseLabel: Document Type
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentType
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name
        label: Entity Address, Address Line One
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Address Line One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town
        label: Entity Address, City or Town
        terseLabel: Entity Address, City or Town
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code
        label: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.
        label: Entity Address, State or Province
        terseLabel: Entity Address, State or Province
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
        label: Entity Central Index Key
        terseLabel: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.
        label: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
        terseLabel: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: All the names of the entities being reported upon in a document. Any legal structure used to conduct activities or to hold assets. Some examples of such structures are corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, grantor trusts, and other trusts. This item does not include business and geographical segments which are included in the geographical or business segments domains.
        label: Entity [Domain]
        terseLabel: Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityDomain
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.
        label: Entity File Number
        terseLabel: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFileNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Filer Category
        terseLabel: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFilerCategory
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.
        label: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
        terseLabel: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r410
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
        terseLabel: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
        label: Entity Public Float
        terseLabel: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityPublicFloat
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
        label: Entity Registrant Name
        terseLabel: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityRegistrantName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
        label: Entity Shell Company
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityShellCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).
        label: Entity Small Business
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
        terseLabel: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    }
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
        terseLabel: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
        terseLabel: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
      r406
      r407
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag
        terseLabel: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_LegalEntityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The set of legal entities associated with a report.
        label: Legal Entity [Axis]
        terseLabel: Legal Entity [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LegalEntityAxis
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.
        label: Local Phone Number
        terseLabel: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_NoTradingSymbolFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a security having no trading symbol.
        label: No Trading Symbol Flag
        terseLabel: No Trading Symbol Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoTradingSymbolFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_Security12gTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(g) registered security.
        label: Title of 12(g) Security
        terseLabel: Title of 12(g) Security
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Security12gTitle
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    }
    naics_ZZ111332: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: 111332 Grape Vineyards [Member]
        terseLabel: Grape Vineyards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ZZ111332
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
      r140
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Consolidation Items [Axis]
        terseLabel: Consolidation Items [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationItemsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ConsolidationItemsDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Consolidation Items [Domain]
        terseLabel: Consolidation Items [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationItemsDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r257
      r260
      r397
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Customer [Axis]
        terseLabel: Customer [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Maximum [Member]
        terseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Minimum [Member]
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Customer [Domain]
        terseLabel: Customer [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
      r257
      r259
      r395
      r396
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Product and Service [Domain]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle, if longer), including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received, taxes, interest, rent and utilities, accrued salaries and bonuses, payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
        totalLabel: Total accounts payable and other accrued liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for accounts payable and accrued liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities Disclosure [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilities
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374
      r392
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.
        label: Accounts Payable
        terseLabel: Accounts payable and accrued grape liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold.
        label: Accounts Receivable [Member]
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r34
      r144
      r145
      r258
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing, trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts, rebates, price protection programs, etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Marketing Costs, Current
        terseLabel: Sales and marketing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedCapitalizedInterestCosts: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated interest costs capitalized as part of property, plant and equipment cost basis.
        label: Accumulated Capitalized Interest Costs
        verboseLabel: Capitalized interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedCapitalizedInterestCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
      r210
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
        label: Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedLabel: Accumulated depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r69
      r70
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
        terseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67
      r70
      r71
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock.
        label: Additional Paid in Capital
        terseLabel: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
        terseLabel: Additional Paid-In-Capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments, Noncash Items, to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operations:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r266
      r267
      r288
      r289
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: APIC, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Increase for Cost Recognition
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.
        label: Advertising Cost [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Advertising costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.
        label: Advertising Expense
        terseLabel: Advertising costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
      r284
      r287
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expense
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r147
      r167
      r169
      r171
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss
        verboseLabel: Allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
      r191
      r197
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense, this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
        label: Amortization of Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Amortization of intangible assets
        verboseLabel: Total amortization expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AreaOfLand: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area of land held.
        label: Area of Land
        terseLabel: Acreage owned (acres)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AreaOfLand
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperationsDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: areaItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
      r206
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes, but is not limited to, losses from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill.
        label: Asset Impairment Charges
        terseLabel: Impairment charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetImpairmentCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetUnderConstructionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset in process of being built.
        label: Asset under Construction [Member]
        terseLabel: Vineyards under development
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetUnderConstructionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
      r366
      r386
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Assets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6
      r7
      r65
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets, Current
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Assets, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroup: {
     auth_ref: [
      r204
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets held-for-sale that are not part of a disposal group.
        label: Assets Held-for-sale, Not Part of Disposal Group
        terseLabel: Property and equipment to assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroup
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r204
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets held-for-sale that are not part of a disposal group, expected to be sold within a year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Assets Held-for-sale, Not Part of Disposal Group, Current
        terseLabel: Assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17
      r18
      r19
      r20
      r21
      r22
      r23
      r24
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Assets, Noncurrent
        totalLabel: Total non-current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of unrealized gain in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).
        label: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Accumulated Gross Unrealized Gain, before Tax
        terseLabel: Gross Unrealized Gains
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedGainBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of unrealized loss in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).
        label: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Accumulated Gross Unrealized Loss, before Tax
        negatedLabel: Gross Unrealized Losses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAccumulatedGrossUnrealizedLossBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r176
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amortized cost of investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).
        label: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Amortized Cost
        totalLabel: Amortized Cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrealized gain on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).
        label: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Unrealized Gain
        terseLabel: Gross unrealized gains on available for sale securities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
      r157
      r176
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AvailableForSaleDebtSecuritiesAmortizedCostBasis
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).
        label: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale
        verboseLabel: Total Fair Value Measurements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r176
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale), classified as current.
        label: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale, Current
        terseLabel: Investments available for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
      r333
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).
        label: Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Critical Accounting Estimates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including, but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities and any addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, for example, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing.
        label: Building and Building Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Buildings and improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r322
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method, acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example, the treatment accorded contingent consideration, the identification of assets and liabilities, the purchase price allocation process, how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity, and the rationale for that accounting policy.
        label: Business Combinations Policy [Policy Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Business combinations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3
      r43
      r106
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r107
      r110
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
      r106
      r109
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents - end of year
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
      r341
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Including Exchange Rate Effect
        totalLabel: Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cash Flow, Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Disclosure [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Non-cash investing activity:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r381
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Short to medium-term investment available at banks and savings and loan institutions where a customer agrees to lend money to the institution for a certain amount of time and is paid a predetermined rate of interest. Certificates of deposit (CD) are typically Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insured.
        label: Certificates of Deposit [Member]
        terseLabel: Certificates of Deposit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CertificatesOfDepositMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfTreasuryStockTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r249
      r250
      r251
      r252
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about treasury stock, including, but not limited to, average cost per share, description of share repurchase program, shares repurchased, shares held for each class of treasury stock.
        label: Class of Treasury Stock [Table]
        terseLabel: Class of Treasury Stock [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfTreasuryStockTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
      r234
      r375
      r391
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233
      r235
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.
        label: Common Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.
        label: Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Common shares, par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Common Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common shares, shares authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Issued
        terseLabel: Common shares, shares issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
      r242
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Common shares, shares outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Common Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Common shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
      r76
      r77
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLosses: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        totalLabel: Comprehensive loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLosses
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
      r131
      r339
      r340
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
      r131
      r339
      r340
      r398
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
      r131
      r339
      r340
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
        label: Concentration Risk, Percentage
        terseLabel: Major customer percentage of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r327
      r330
      r331
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements, including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example, common stock, a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities, for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions, noncontrolling interest, and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
        label: Consolidation, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Consolidation policy
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.
        label: Construction in Progress [Member]
        terseLabel: Construction in progress
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConstructionInProgressMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r255
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of contract balances and changes in contract balances.
        label: Contract with Customer, Asset and Liability [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Contract Liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerAssetAndLiabilityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
      r254
      r258
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable.
        label: Contract with Customer, Liability
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding, Ending
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding, Beginning
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueContractBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
      r254
      r258
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable, classified as current.
        label: Contract with Customer, Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Customer deposits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold
        terseLabel: Cost of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing cost of sales.
        label: Cost of Sales [Member]
        terseLabel: Cost of Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfSalesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r313
      r318
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r313
      r318
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer relationship that exists between an entity and its customer, for example, but not limited to, tenant relationships.
        label: Customer Relationships [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer relationships
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerRelationshipsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r241
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/Debt
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
      r27
      r28
      r367
      r369
      r384
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument, including, but not limited to, draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28
      r238
      r369
      r384
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but is not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, commercial loans, mortgage loans, convertible debt, subordinated debt and other types of debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Gross
        terseLabel: Carrying value of outstanding debt
        totalLabel: Total
        verboseLabel: Carrying value of debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r344
      r346
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance.
        label: Debt Instrument, Face Amount
        terseLabel: Principal amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentFaceAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
      r240
      r344
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective interest rate for the funds borrowed under the debt agreement considering interest compounding and original issue discount or premium.
        label: Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Effective Percentage
        terseLabel: Interest rate (as a percent)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement.
        label: Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage
        terseLabel: Interest Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings, including draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the required periodic payments applied to principal.
        label: Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment, Principal
        verboseLabel: Principal payment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
      r114
      r243
      r244
      r245
      r246
      r343
      r344
      r346
      r382
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument, in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Debt Instrument, Term
        terseLabel: Credit facility term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCostsLineOfCreditArrangementsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r347
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before accumulated amortization, of debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements. Includes, but is not limited to, legal, accounting, underwriting, printing, and registration costs.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs, Line of Credit Arrangements, Gross
        verboseLabel: Debt issuance cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtIssuanceCostsLineOfCreditArrangementsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r236
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes, but is not limited to, debt issuance costs, the effects of refinancings, method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount, and classifications of debt.
        label: Debt, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Loan fees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesAvailableForSaleTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r166
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).
        label: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Available for Sale Securities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtSecuritiesAvailableForSaleTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r315
      r318
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Deferred
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64
      r345
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of debt issuance costs classified as current. Includes, but is not limited to, legal, accounting, underwriting, printing, and registration costs.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs, Current, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Unamortized loan fees, current portion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
      r345
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of debt issuance costs. Includes, but is not limited to, legal, accounting, underwriting, printing, and registration costs.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs, Net
        negatedTotalLabel: Unamortized loan fees, total
        terseLabel: Unamortized loan fees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
      r345
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of debt issuance costs classified as noncurrent. Includes, but is not limited to, legal, accounting, underwriting, printing, and registration costs.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs, Noncurrent, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Unamortized loan fees, noncurrent portion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
      r113
      r315
      r318
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Benefit for deferred income tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30
      r31
      r306
      r368
      r383
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross
        negatedTotalLabel: Total deferred tax liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
      r308
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, Net
        terseLabel: Deferred tax liability, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r315
      r318
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Deferred
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Gross
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax asset
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r294
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Inventory
        terseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Net [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred tax asset
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible domestic operating loss carryforwards. Excludes state and local operating loss carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards, Domestic
        terseLabel: Federal NOL carryforward
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible state and local operating loss carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards, State and Local
        terseLabel: California NOL carryforward
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r294
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsSeverancePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from severance costs.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Severance Payments
        terseLabel: Accrued severance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsSeverancePayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves and accruals, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals, Other
        verboseLabel: Accrued vacation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
      r308
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net
        negatedTotalLabel: Net deferred tax liability, non-current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r294
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from intangible assets including goodwill.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        negatedLabel: Intangible assets and goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred tax liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r294
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Other
        negatedTerseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r294
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment
        negatedLabel: Property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesPrincipalComponentsOfDeferredTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount
        terseLabel: Total company contributions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlanDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of employees' gross pay for which the employer contributes a matching contribution to a defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Matching Contribution, Percent of Employees' Gross Pay
        terseLabel: Percentage of participant\u2019s salary eligible for match
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlanDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
      r208
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived, physical assets not used in production, and which are not intended for resale, to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
        label: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment
        totalLabel: Total depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for depreciation, depletion, and amortization of property and equipment costs, including methods used and estimated useful lives and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
        label: Depreciation, Depletion, and Amortization [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Depletion allowances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DilutiveSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) to net income used for calculating diluted earnings per share (EPS), resulting from the assumed exercise stock options, restrictive stock units (RSUs), convertible preferred stock of an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), and other dilutive convertible securities.
        label: Dilutive Securities, Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share
        terseLabel: Dilutive or complex equity instruments or securities (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DilutiveSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RevenueNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Stockholders\u2019 Equity and Equity Incentive Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlan
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationLossGainOnWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
      r207
      r214
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of (gain) loss recognized for the (reversal of write-down) write-down to fair value, less cost to sell, of a disposal group. Excludes discontinued operations.
        label: Disposal Group, Not Discontinued Operation, Loss (Gain) on Write-down
        terseLabel: Disposal group loss (gain) on write-down
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationLossGainOnWriteDown
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Legal rights, generally of a limited duration, to distribute a product or products, often within specific geographic areas or supply channels.
        label: Distribution Rights [Member]
        terseLabel: Distributor relationships
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DistributionRightsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the government that is entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity in its country of domicile.
        label: Domestic Tax Authority [Member]
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DomesticCountryMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share in instances when basic and diluted earnings per share are the same amount and reported as a single line item on the face of the financial statements.  Basic earnings per share is the amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.  Diluted earnings per share includes the amount of net income or loss for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted
        terseLabel: Basic and fully diluted loss per share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374
      r392
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees, such as accrued salaries and bonuses, payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
        label: Employee-related Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accrued compensation related expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r285
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost not yet recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation expense not yet recognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r284
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax benefit for recognition of expense of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expense, Tax Benefit
        negatedTerseLabel: Income tax benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Termination of an employee associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a plan.
        label: Employee Severance [Member]
        terseLabel: Employee Severance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeSeveranceMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Equity, Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Equity, Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityComponentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r263
      r264
      r336
      r360
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by level within fair value hierarchy and fair value measured at net asset value per share as practical expedient.
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r263
      r264
      r336
      r361
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member]
        terseLabel: Level 1
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel1Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r263
      r264
      r336
      r362
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for an asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member]
        terseLabel: Level 2
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel2Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Categories used to prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques to measure fair value.
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r337
      r338
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.
        label: Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Financial instruments and fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r115
      r299
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current and deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) attributable to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations
        totalLabel: Total federal income tax (benefit) provision
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Federal income tax (benefit) provision
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
      r172
      r173
      r174
      r175
      r177
      r178
      r179
      r180
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of financial instrument.
        label: Financial Instrument [Axis]
        terseLabel: Financial Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinancialInstrumentAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Intangible assets useful life
        verboseLabel: Amortizable lives (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated amount of amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization
        terseLabel: Accumulated amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, after Year Five
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Next Twelve Months
        verboseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Five
        verboseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Four
        verboseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Three
        verboseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Two
        verboseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r192
      r193
      r196
      r199
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by major type or class of finite-lived intangible assets.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
      r364
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross
        terseLabel: Gross carrying amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r192
      r195
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of finite-lived intangible asset (for example, patents, trademarks, copyrights, etc.) A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net
        totalLabel: Net book value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsAmortizationexpenseforIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, including oil and gas property and timber property.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
        negatedNetLabel: Net loss on disposal of property and equipment
        negatedTerseLabel: Net (gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.
        label: General and Administrative Expense
        terseLabel: General and administrative
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Goodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r187
      r188
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill
        terseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Goodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
        label: Gross Profit
        totalLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossProfit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairedLongLivedAssetsHeldAndUsedAssetNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r213
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name of the impaired assets to be held and used by the entity.
        label: Impaired Long-Lived Assets Held and Used, Asset Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Impaired Long-Lived Assets Held and Used, Asset Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairedLongLivedAssetsHeldAndUsedAssetNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairedLongLivedAssetsHeldAndUsedByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r213
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the categories used to group impaired long-lived assets held and used by the type of asset.
        label: Impaired Long-Lived Assets Held and Used by Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Impaired Long-Lived Assets Held and Used by Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairedLongLivedAssetsHeldAndUsedByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount by which the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost basis or carrying amount of that investment at the balance sheet date and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary, before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.
        label: Other than Temporary Impairment Losses, Investments
        terseLabel: Other than temporary losses on investments available-for-sale securities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
      r205
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment, exchange or sale.
        label: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of
        terseLabel: Impairment charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r203
      r217
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Review of Long-lived Assets for Impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
      r120
      r365
      r376
      r394
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations, including income (loss) from equity method investments, before deduction of income tax expense (benefit), and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest
        totalLabel: Loss before income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency, division or body classification that levies income taxes, examines tax returns for compliance, or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r136
      r319
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Total income tax (benefit) provision
        verboseLabel: Income tax benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r110
      r296
      r297
      r304
      r305
      r309
      r320
      r403
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
        label: Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
      r300
      r301
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Amount
        terseLabel: Expected federal income tax benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseDepreciation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r300
      r301
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible depreciation.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Depreciation, Amount
        terseLabel: True-up to fixed assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseDepreciation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r300
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Amount
        terseLabel: Other, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
      r300
      r301
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Amount
        verboseLabel: State income tax benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
        label: Income Taxes Paid, Net
        terseLabel: Income tax payments, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories
        negatedLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net change in operating assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in current assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Current Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Noncurrent Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Other non-current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 16.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in noncurrent operating liabilities classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Noncurrent Liabilities
        terseLabel: Other non-current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all or part of the information related to intangible assets.
        label: Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Intangible and Other Non-Current Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssets
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
      r194
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets, excluding goodwill, as of the balance sheet date, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
        label: Intangible Assets, Net (Excluding Goodwill)
        terseLabel: Intangible assets and other non-current assets, net
        totalLabel: Total intangible and other non-current assets, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
      r135
      r342
      r345
      r378
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense
        negatedLabel: Interest expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r101
      r108
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
        label: Interest Paid, Excluding Capitalized Interest, Operating Activities
        verboseLabel: Interest, net of capitalized interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r11
      r52
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt, including trade payables, that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Interest Payable, Current
        verboseLabel: Accrued interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InternalUseSoftwarePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r200
      r201
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred when both (1) the software is acquired, internally developed, or modified solely to meet the entity's internal needs, and (2) during the software's development or modification, no substantive plan exists or is being developed to market the software externally.
        label: Internal Use Software, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Website and internal-use software costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InternalUseSoftwarePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r186
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes, but is not limited to, the basis of stating inventory, the method of determining inventory cost, the classes of inventory, and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/Inventory
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventorySummaryofInventoryDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Finished Goods, Gross
        verboseLabel: Finished goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoods
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventorySummaryofInventoryDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4
      r62
      r182
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventorySummaryofInventoryDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Net
        terseLabel: Inventory
        totalLabel: Total inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventorySummaryofInventoryDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
      r63
      r110
      r126
      r183
      r185
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.
        label: Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventorySummaryofInventoryDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross amount of unprocessed materials to be used in manufacturing or production process and supplies that will be consumed.
        label: Inventory, Raw Materials and Supplies, Gross
        verboseLabel: Packaging and bottling supplies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventorySummaryofInventoryDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventorySummaryofInventoryDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Work in Process, Gross
        verboseLabel: In-process goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcess
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventorySummaryofInventoryDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r184
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments, including, but not limited to, physical deterioration, obsolescence, or changes in price levels.
        label: Inventory Write-down
        terseLabel: Loss on write-down of inventory
        verboseLabel: Inventory write-down
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWriteDown
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InvestmentHoldingsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
      r400
      r401
      r402
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for investment holdings. This includes the long positions of investments for the entity. It contains investments in affiliated and unaffiliated issuers. The investments include securities and non securities (i.e. commodities and futures contracts).
        label: Investment Holdings [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InvestmentHoldingsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstruments
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InvestmentsDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Investments, Debt and Equity Securities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Investments, Debt and Equity Securities [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InvestmentsDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Real estate held and assets that are an addition or improvement to real estate held.
        label: Land and Land Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Land and improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LandAndLandImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LandMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r259
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Part of earth's surface not covered by water.
        label: Land [Member]
        terseLabel: Land
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LandMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by group of related lease arrangements. For example, but not limited to, leases grouped by facility or contractual terms.
        label: Lease Arrangement, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Lease Arrangement, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseArrangementTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Group of related lease arrangements. For example, but not limited to, leases grouped by facility or contractual terms.
        label: Lease Arrangement, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Lease Arrangement, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseArrangementTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r356
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes, but is not limited to, reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Maturity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Maturities of Lease Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r356
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r356
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r356
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Year Two
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.
        label: Liabilities
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Liabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
      r370
      r389
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
        label: Liabilities and Equity
        totalLabel: Total liabilities and equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Current
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13
      r14
      r15
      r28
      r29
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Noncurrent
        totalLabel: Total non-current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28
      r369
      r384
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
        label: Long-term Line of Credit
        verboseLabel: Borrowed amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Credit facility borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
      r114
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders, including letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee, expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility, for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Unused Capacity, Commitment Fee Percentage
        terseLabel: Unused line fee
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28
      r239
      r369
      r387
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt
        terseLabel: Outstanding amount
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt, classified as current. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Current Maturities
        totalLabel: Current portion of long-term debt, net of unamortized loan fees
        verboseLabel: Current portion of long-term debt, net of unamortized loan fees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
        label: Long-term Debt, Fair Value
        verboseLabel: Fair value of outstanding debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r236
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal after Year Five
        verboseLabel: Principal due thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r236
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months
        verboseLabel: Principal due in 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r236
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Five
        terseLabel: Principal due in 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r236
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Four
        verboseLabel: Principal due in 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r236
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Three
        verboseLabel: Principal due in 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r236
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Two
        verboseLabel: Principal due in 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtSummaryofDebtMaturityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities
        totalLabel: Long-term debt, net of current portion and unamortized loan fees
        verboseLabel: Long-term debt, net of current portion and unamortized loan fees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The minimum amount the entity agreed to spend under the long-term purchase commitment.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, Amount
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule setting forth key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including the item for which expenditures will be made, minimum quantities, milestones, time period and committed amount.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Table]
        terseLabel: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including the item for which expenditures will be made, minimum quantities, milestones, time period and committed amount.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Purchase Commitments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
      r237
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Winery and vineyard equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r129
      r130
      r131
      r142
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for major customers. Major customers are those that the loss of such customers would have a material adverse effect on the entity.
        label: Major Customers, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Concentrations of risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NaturalDisastersAndOtherCasualtyEventsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Natural calamity or fire, flood or other hazards resulting in damages.
        label: Natural Disasters and Other Casualty Events [Member]
        terseLabel: Natural Disasters and Other Casualty Events
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NaturalDisastersAndOtherCasualtyEventsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NatureOfOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128
      r132
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business, major products or services, principal markets including location, and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination, including but not limited to, assets, revenues, or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations, disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.
        label: Nature of Operations [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Nature of Operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NatureOfOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/NatureofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net cash flows from financing activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net cash flows from investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
      r102
      r105
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Net cash flows from operating activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r75
      r81
      r105
      r123
      r377
      r393
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLosses: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Net loss
        totalLabel: Net loss
        verboseLabel: Net loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLosses
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectOfChangeOnNetIncome: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118
      r121
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the effect of a change in accounting principle on net income.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle, Effect of Change on Net Income
        terseLabel: Decrease in net income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectOfChangeOnNetIncome
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Recent accounting pronouncements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        totalLabel: Total other expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other (expense) income:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise), (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues, for example, start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
        label: Number of Operating Segments
        terseLabel: Number of operating segments (in segments)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfOperatingSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Expenses [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating expenses:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingExpensesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
        label: Operating Income (Loss)
        totalLabel: Loss from operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r351
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating lease expense. Excludes sublease income.
        label: Operating Lease, Expense
        terseLabel: Base rent expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability
        totalLabel: Total operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as current.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Operating lease liability, current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList: {
     auth_ref: [
      r350
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates line item in statement of financial position that includes current operating lease liability.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Current, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
        terseLabel: Operating Lease, Liability, Current, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: extensibleListItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Operating lease, liability, noncurrent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList: {
     auth_ref: [
      r350
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates line item in statement of financial position that includes noncurrent operating lease liability.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
        terseLabel: Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: extensibleListItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
      r353
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease, excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.
        label: Operating Lease, Payments
        terseLabel: Cash paid for operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        terseLabel: Operating lease, right-of-use asset
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList: {
     auth_ref: [
      r350
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates line item in statement of financial position that includes operating lease right-of-use asset.
        label: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
        terseLabel: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: extensibleListItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
      r357
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Discount Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Weighted average discount rate, operating leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r354
      r357
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining lease term, operating leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Operating Leased Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Operating Leased Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting pertinent information, such as tax authority, amounts, and expiration dates, of net operating loss carryforwards, including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table]
        terseLabel: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
      r140
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.
        label: Operating Segments [Member]
        terseLabel: Operating Segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingSegmentsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9
      r10
      r11
      r52
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Accrued Liabilities, Current
        verboseLabel: Other accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesScheduleofOtherAccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current assets classified as other.
        label: Other Assets, Current
        terseLabel: Other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Other Assets, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other non-current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
      r76
      r325
      r326
      r328
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLosses
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
      r68
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLosses: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax, before reclassification adjustments, of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Securities, Available-for-Sale, Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) Arising During Period, after Tax
        terseLabel: Net unrealized holding gains on investments arising during the period, net of tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLosses
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
      r335
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other current assets.
        label: Other Current Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Current Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherCurrentAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other revenue.
        label: Other Income [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Income, Net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherIncomeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other, due after one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Liabilities, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other non-current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        terseLabel: Other income, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restructuring and related activities classified as other.
        label: Other Restructuring [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Restructuring
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherRestructuringMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentForContingentConsiderationLiabilityFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow, not made soon after acquisition date of business combination, to settle contingent consideration liability up to amount recognized at acquisition date, including, but not limited to, measurement period adjustment and less amount paid soon after acquisition date.
        label: Payment for Contingent Consideration Liability, Financing Activities
        negatedTerseLabel: Payment of contingent consideration
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentForContingentConsiderationLiabilityFinancingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock
        negatedLabel: Repurchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
      r221
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash payments made as the result of exit or disposal activities. Excludes payments associated with a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Payments for Restructuring
        negatedTerseLabel: Payments
        terseLabel: Employee related restructuring reserve
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForRestructuring
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringRollforwardofRestructuringActivitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r92
      r153
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to acquire investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).
        label: Payments to Acquire Debt Securities, Available-for-sale
        negatedLabel: Purchase of investments available for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
        label: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedLabel: Acquisition of property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r265
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for pension and other postretirement benefits.
        label: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Employee Benefit Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlan
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Preferred shares, authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred shares, issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassifications that affects the comparability of the financial statements.
        label: Reclassification, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Reclassifications
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt
        terseLabel: Proceeds from 2020 PPP Term Loan
        verboseLabel: Proceeds from PPP term loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r90
      r153
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from sale of investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Debt Securities, Available-for-sale
        terseLabel: Redemption of investments available for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfLandHeldForUse: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of land held for use; excludes sales of land held as inventory or investments.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Land Held-for-use
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of land
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfLandHeldForUse
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyHeldForSale: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of formerly productive land held for sale, anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, structures on it, and so forth.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property Held-for-sale
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of property held-for-sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyHeldForSale
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant, and Equipment
        terseLabel: Proceeds from disposals of property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, accounting policies and methodology, roll forwards, depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, including composite depreciation, accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, useful lives and method used, income statement disclosures, assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipment
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r209
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross
        terseLabel: Property and equipment, gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r21
      r211
      r390
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
        terseLabel: Property and equipment, net
        totalLabel: Total property and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
      r110
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Property and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r209
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Depreciable lives
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82
      r170
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for expected credit loss on accounts receivable.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Credit Loss Expense (Reversal)
        terseLabel: Provision for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PublicUtilitiesInventoryAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of inventory held.
        label: Inventory [Axis]
        terseLabel: Inventory [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PublicUtilitiesInventoryAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PublicUtilitiesInventoryTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property that is held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in process of production for such sale or is to be currently consumed in the production of goods or services to be available for sale.
        label: Inventory [Domain]
        terseLabel: Inventory [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PublicUtilitiesInventoryTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r146
      r149
      r150
      r151
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes, but is not limited to, accounts receivable and financing receivable.
        label: Receivable [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Repayments of Long-term Debt
        negatedLabel: Principal payments on long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Restructuring and Related Activities [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities, include facts and circumstances leading to the plan, the expected plan completion date, the major types of costs associated with the plan activities, total expected costs, the accrual balance at the end of the period, and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Restructuring
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/Restructuring
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r220
      r222
      r228
      r231
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of costs incurred to date for the specified restructuring cost.
        label: Restructuring and Related Cost, Cost Incurred to Date
        terseLabel: Restructuring charges incurred to date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
      r219
      r225
      r230
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Restructuring Charges
        terseLabel: Restructuring costs
        verboseLabel: Additions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringRollforwardofRestructuringActivitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of restructuring cost.
        label: Restructuring Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after cash payment, of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Restructuring Costs
        terseLabel: Restructuring costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r221
      r226
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions of the accrual) as of the balance sheet date pertaining to a specified type of cost associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructuring pursuant to a duly authorized plan.
        label: Restructuring Reserve
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
        terseLabel: Restructuring reserve
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserve
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringRollforwardofRestructuringActivitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Restructuring Reserve [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Reserve [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserveRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringRollforwardofRestructuringActivitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
      r247
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
        terseLabel: Accumulated deficit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Deficit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r256
      r257
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised product and service to customer, when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer Benchmark [Member]
        terseLabel: Total sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
      r261
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revenue recognition/Cost of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r261
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure of revenue from contract with customer to transfer good or service and to transfer nonfinancial asset. Includes, but is not limited to, disaggregation of revenue, credit loss recognized from contract with customer, judgment and change in judgment related to contract with customer, and asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer. Excludes insurance and lease contracts.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revenue
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/Revenue
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Revolving Credit Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.
        label: Schedule of Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Schedule of Other Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/AccountsPayableandAccruedLiabilitiesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Debt Securities, Available-for-sale [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r160
      r161
      r162
      r163
      r164
      r165
      r379
      r380
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of available-for-sale securities which includes, but is not limited to, changes in the cost basis and fair value, fair value and gross unrealized gain (loss), fair values by type of security, contractual maturity and classification, amortized cost basis, contracts to acquire securities to be accounted for as available-for-sale, debt maturities, transfers to trading, change in net unrealized holding gain (loss) net of tax, continuous unrealized loss position fair value, aggregate losses qualitative disclosures, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses or other disclosures related to available for sale securities.
        label: Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r316
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements, including but not limited to identification of terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
        label: Schedule of Debt [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r308
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Principal Components of Deferred Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r300
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Reconciliation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r192
      r195
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r192
      r195
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life, by either major class or business segment.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
      r40
      r41
      r42
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
        label: Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/InventoryTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the combined aggregate amount of maturities and sinking fund requirements for all long-term borrowings for each of the five years following the date of the latest balance sheet date presented.
        label: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Summary of Debt Maturity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119
      r121
      r124
      r125
      r127
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of changes in accounting principles, including adoption of new accounting pronouncements, that describes the new methods, amount and effects on financial statement line items.
        label: Schedule of New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting Principles [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting Principles
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfOperatingLeasedAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of long-lived, depreciable assets that are subject to a operating lease agreements and are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. Examples may include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Schedule of Operating Leased Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Operating Leased Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfOperatingLeasedAssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
      r224
      r227
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Table presenting the description of the restructuring costs, such as the expected cost; the costs incurred during the period; the cumulative costs incurred as of the balance sheet date; the income statement caption within which the restructuring charges recognized for the period are included; and the amount of and periodic changes to an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost by type of restructuring.
        label: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r221
      r229
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost. This element may also include a description of any reversal and other adjustment made during the period to the amount of an accrued liability for restructuring activities. This element may be used to encapsulate the roll forward presentations of an entity's restructuring reserve by type of cost and in total, and explanation of changes that occurred in the period.
        label: Schedule of Restructuring Reserve by Type of Cost [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Rollforward of Restructuring Activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
      r137
      r138
      r139
      r189
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table disclosing the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment of the entity. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
      r137
      r138
      r139
      r189
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Segment Reporting
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r272
      r278
      r279
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes, but is not limited to, outstanding awards at beginning and end of year, grants, exercises, forfeitures, and weighted-average grant date fair value.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Option, Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stock Option Activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r195
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amount of amortization expense expected to be recorded in succeeding fiscal years for finite-lived intangible assets.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Amortization Expense for Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Collateralized debt obligation backed by, for example, but not limited to, pledge, mortgage or other lien on the entity's assets.
        label: Secured Debt [Member]
        terseLabel: Secured Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecuredDebtMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/DebtScheduleofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.
        label: Segments [Domain]
        terseLabel: Segments [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Segment Reporting [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
        label: Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Business Segment Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingInformationLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total amount of expenses directly related to the marketing or selling of products or services.
        label: Selling and Marketing Expense
        terseLabel: Sales and marketing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingAndMarketingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
      r181
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expense
        totalLabel: Total operating expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Expense
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, combination of market, performance or service condition.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Period
        terseLabel: Award vesting period (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r282
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate
        terseLabel: Dividend yield rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate
        terseLabel: Stock price volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r283
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Stock options or other common stock based awards available for grant (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Additional Disclosures
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number
        terseLabel: Exercisable at end of year (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Exercise price of grants (in dollar per share)
        verboseLabel: Exercisable, weighted-average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For presentations that combine terminations, the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures and Expirations in Period
        terseLabel: Forfeited or expired (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price of options that were either forfeited or expired.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures and Expirations in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Forfeited or expired, weighted-average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Gross
        terseLabel: Stock based awards granted (in shares)
        verboseLabel: Granted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Total intrinsic value of options outstanding at end of year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274
      r286
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of year (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of year (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Stock Option Activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        periodEndLabel: Options outstanding, weighted-average exercise price, end of year (in dollars per share)
        periodStartLabel: Options outstanding, weighted-average exercise price, beginning of year (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Exercise Price
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Exercised, weighted-average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Granted, weighted-average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareRepurchaseProgramAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by share repurchase program.
        label: Share Repurchase Program [Axis]
        terseLabel: Share Repurchase Program [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareRepurchaseProgramAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareRepurchaseProgramDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the share repurchase program.
        label: Share Repurchase Program [Domain]
        terseLabel: Share Repurchase Program [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareRepurchaseProgramDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r269
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Expiration Period
        terseLabel: Award expiration period (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Total intrinsic value of options exercisable at end of year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Total weighted-average remaining contractual life period in years (options exercisable)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r280
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Total weighted-average remaining contractual life period in years (options outstanding)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r280
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Total weighted-average remaining vesting period in years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options, for example, but not limited to, share units, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested in Period, Fair Value
        terseLabel: Total fair value of options vested during the year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.
        label: Shares, Outstanding
        periodEndLabel: Balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r371
      r372
      r373
      r385
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investments including trading securities, available-for-sale securities, held-to-maturity securities, and short-term investments classified as other and current.
        label: Short-term Investments
        terseLabel: Short-term investments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortTermInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r117
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r115
      r314
      r317
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of state and local current and deferred income tax expense (benefit) attributable to continuing operations.
        label: State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations
        totalLabel: Total state income tax (benefit) provision
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: State income tax (benefit) provision
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionBenefitForIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of a state or local government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.
        label: State and Local Jurisdiction [Member]
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r137
      r189
      r216
      r222
      r231
      r395
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business segments.
        label: Segments [Axis]
        terseLabel: Segments [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58
      r242
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Statement [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.
        label: Statement [Table]
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
      r33
      r242
      r247
      r276
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period
        terseLabel: Exercised (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityandEquityIncentivePlanStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of stock repurchase plan authorized.
        label: Stock Repurchase Program, Authorized Amount
        terseLabel: Share repurchase program amount authorized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
      r33
      r242
      r247
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Shares
        negatedTerseLabel: Repurchase of common stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
      r33
      r242
      r247
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Value
        negatedTerseLabel: Repurchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
      r37
      r38
      r148
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
        periodEndLabel: Balance
        periodStartLabel: Balance
        totalLabel: Total equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofChangesInEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure, which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.
        label: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Member]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r358
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses pertinent information about one or more significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Table]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r358
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r358
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r359
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
        label: Subsequent Events [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Events
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SubsequentEvents
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SummaryOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of pertinent information, such as tax authority, amounts, and expiration dates, of net operating loss carryforwards, including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.
        label: Summary of Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Operating Loss Carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SummaryOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1
      r212
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The charge against earnings resulting from the aggregate write down of tangible assets from their carrying value to their fair value.
        label: Tangible Asset Impairment Charges
        terseLabel: Impairment charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/BusinessSegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ChangeInTaxRateIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r316
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income tax expense (benefit) for remeasurement of deferred tax from change in tax rate pursuant to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Change in Tax Rate, Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        negatedTerseLabel: Tax benefit from TCJA
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ChangeInTaxRateIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TrademarksMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name, symbol or other device or style.
        label: Trademarks [Member]
        terseLabel: Trademark
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TrademarksMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IntangibleandOtherNonCurrentAssetsSummaryOfIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialInstrumentsTypesOfFinancialInstrumentsDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r363
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Instrument or contract that imposes a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms and conveys a contractual right to receive cash or another financial instrument or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms.
        label: Financial Instruments [Domain]
        terseLabel: Financial Instruments [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialInstrumentsTypesOfFinancialInstrumentsDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/FinancialInstrumentsScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockRetiredCostMethodAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
      r242
      r248
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease of par value, additional paid in capital (APIC) and retained earnings of common and preferred stock retired from treasury when treasury stock is accounted for under the cost method.
        label: Treasury Stock, Retired, Cost Method, Amount
        terseLabel: Shares retired repurchase cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockRetiredCostMethodAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesRetired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
      r242
      r247
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common and preferred stock retired from treasury during the period.
        label: Treasury Stock, Shares, Retired
        terseLabel: Repurchased shares retired (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockSharesRetired
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/StockholdersEquityAndEquityIncentivePlanNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfRestructuringDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the types of restructuring costs.
        label: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfRestructuringDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/RestructuringNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value, or in the comparative fair values, of investments, not including unrealized gains or losses on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity, held at each balance sheet date and included in earnings for the period.
        label: Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments
        terseLabel: Unrealized holding gains on investments, net of tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r303
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence, or both.
        label: Unusual or Infrequent Item, or Both [Axis]
        terseLabel: Unusual or Infrequent Item, or Both [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence, or both.
        label: Unusual or Infrequent Item, or Both [Domain]
        terseLabel: Unusual or Infrequent Item, or Both [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnusualOrInfrequentItemDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemInsuranceProceeds: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of insurance proceeds for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence, or both.
        label: Unusual or Infrequent Item, or Both, Insurance Proceeds
        terseLabel: Insurance proceeds
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnusualOrInfrequentItemInsuranceProceeds
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLossGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before deduction of insurance proceeds, of loss recognized in the income statement for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence, or both.
        label: Unusual or Infrequent Item, or Both, Loss, Gross
        terseLabel: Inventory losses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnusualOrInfrequentItemLossGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS).
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic and Diluted
        terseLabel: Basic and fully diluted weighted-average shares outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.crimsonwinegroup.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
   }
   unitCount: 10
  }
 }
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6359566&loc=d3e326-107755
  }
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  }
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6935-107765
  }
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3521-108585
  }
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3044-108585
  }
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4273-108586
  }
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4297-108586
  }
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=SL98516268-108586
  }
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e7018-107765
  }
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  }
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e),(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04.(a))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  }
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  }
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  }
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22583-107794
  }
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1337-109256
  }
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e725-108305
  }
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e765-108305
  }
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  }
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.10-01.(b)(6))
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27015980&loc=d3e46468-122699
  }
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6327-108592
  }
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(24))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134479
  }
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8721-108599
  }
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8813-108599
  }
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(25))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9031-108599
  }
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 42
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9054-108599
  }
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134510
  }
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4428-111522
  }
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4531-111522
  }
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5033-111524
  }
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5074-111524
  }
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  }
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  }
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(26))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10149-111534
  }
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10178-111534
  }
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118954083&loc=d3e26610-111562
  }
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118954083&loc=d3e26853-111562
  }
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118954083&loc=d3e26626-111562
  }
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118954083&loc=SL6284422-111562
  }
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27161-111563
  }
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (aa)
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27161-111563
  }
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27161-111563
  }
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27161-111563
  }
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27161-111563
  }
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27198-111563
  }
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27290-111563
  }
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27337-111563
  }
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27340-111563
  }
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)-(d)
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27357-111563
  }
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2196928
  }
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955202&loc=SL82895884-210446
  }
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919244-210447
  }
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(10))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919253-210447
  }
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919258-210447
  }
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919230-210447
  }
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942338&loc=SL82898722-210454
  }
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955579&loc=SL82922888-210455
  }
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955579&loc=SL82922895-210455
  }
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955579&loc=SL82922900-210455
  }
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(11))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942371&loc=SL82922954-210456
  }
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68048583&loc=d3e3636-108311
  }
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846819&loc=d3e3927-108312
  }
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  }
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4542-108314
  }
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  }
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  }
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13770-109266
  }
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77989000&loc=SL49117168-202975
  }
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(12))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16212-109274
  }
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274
  }
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: ((a)(1),(b))
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  }
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118172244&loc=d3e17916-109280
  }
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=16397303&loc=d3e19379-109286
  }
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144416
  }
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226317&loc=d3e202-110218
  }
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77912953&loc=d3e400-110220
  }
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2611-110228
  }
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2420-110228
  }
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2443-110228
  }
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2921-110230
  }
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2921-110230
  }
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.CC)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011434&loc=d3e125687-122742
  }
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  }
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(15))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(1))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(2))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(16))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(d))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2175745
  }
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  }
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  }
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  }
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
  }
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  }
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(17))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6036836-161870
  }
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  }
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  }
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  }
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  }
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  }
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  }
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656
  }
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23309-112656
  }
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  }
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130531-203044
  }
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130532-203044
  }
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130551-203045
  }
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130543-203045
  }
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130545-203045
  }
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130549-203045
  }
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(2))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  }
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(01)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118257860&loc=d3e4179-114921
  }
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  }
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116855982&loc=d3e4534-113899
  }
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)-(4)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11149-113907
  }
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11178-113907
  }
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(23))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  }
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=SL37586934-109318
  }
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32247-109318
  }
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32280-109318
  }
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31931-109318
  }
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32672-109319
  }
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  }
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  }
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  }
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  }
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  }
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  }
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  }
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)-(b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65884525&loc=d3e40913-109327
  }
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  }
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)-(d)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909625&loc=d3e227-128457
  }
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5263-128473
  }
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5333-128473
  }
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569616-111683
  }
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569643-111683
  }
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=d3e5614-111684
  }
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c),(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-02)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355033-122828
  }
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-03)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355100-122828
  }
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4F
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624186-113959
  }
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 182
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116861445&loc=SL5629052-113961
  }
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 60
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  }
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13279-108611
  }
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13531-108611
  }
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 230
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  }
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28541-108399
  }
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28551-108399
  }
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28555-108399
  }
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  }
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68176171&loc=SL68176184-208336
  }
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918631-209977
  }
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918638-209977
  }
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918643-209977
  }
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(1)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(4)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918701-209980
  }
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 53
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888399&loc=SL77918982-209971
  }
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122774
  }
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116651436&loc=d3e122625-111746
  }
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 340
   Topic: 928
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6473545&loc=d3e61844-108004
  }
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 940
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  }
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(4))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(5))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(6))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.15(5))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 320
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75019621&loc=d3e62557-112803
  }
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 320
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75019621&loc=d3e62586-112803
  }
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 405
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116652737&loc=d3e64164-112818
  }
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(1)(g))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a),19)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.15(a))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  }
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  }
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 320
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12)
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611133-123010
  }
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 320
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12C)
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611225-123010
  }
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 320
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-13)
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611282-123010
  }
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 320
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-14)
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611322-123010
  }
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  }
  r404: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: g
  }
  r405: {
   Name: Form 10-K
   Number: 249
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 310
  }
  r406: {
   Name: Form 20-F
   Number: 249
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 220
   Subsection: f
  }
  r407: {
   Name: Form 40-F
   Number: 249
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 240
   Subsection: f
  }
  r408: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 13
   Subsection: a-1
  }
  r409: {
   Name: Regulation 12B
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-2
  }
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r410: {
   Name: Regulation S-T
   Number: 232
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 405
  }
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a),20,24)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19,20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4),(5))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e637-108580
  }
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e681-108580
  }
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6801-107765
  }
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669686-108580
  }
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724394-108580
  }
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e557-108580
  }
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  }
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6812-107765
  }
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(5))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1,2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114868883&loc=SL114871943-224233
  }
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3151-108585
  }
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6911-107765
  }
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r97: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r98: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r99: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
 }
 version: 2.1
}








begin 644 0001562151-21-000031-xbrl.zip






M?W-Y

L**O$R5]H2E9'OE4Y)U*S]BZB$7&J1&KS\A '(






P3D0_IF7Y!\5.]%
M;AZNN




=_$CCM5* FE;UF#
MYA
RK6

-FO

(MLV),(2!0/#5:N 1!B3



__#U!+
YK01=<_E82:4'!TW_=^)::B.:CD;

QA).SUC]/2!^B1(N-SGZ*6\^+J


O*N3
M2\'S1


M]@8ZO3E






]


#

D:;8LG[FWHVR


MNDS1/
VEFG&T3A
5\C)=B0*@]B^RF_J#$/B3R%F]M!=O0K@Z]&I]1O:4GZ(
M:.ZAL62-#=\
/]R@@J42SH;B



JDZ6]7Y3#3'8&3N7V/1
?3N?L
@*^5 9[.HXM$\!%Y

MV;BE^##E6?D
EU#]==BSWP%02P
$%     @ W(2-4CH&]:_N!   3!4  !4
M  !C=V=L+3$R
S$R

R




6
U
?7_4G=4O?%

MP[

MC9ZN5[YW/6ND.Q-T==2E_ 8X?5WA+3^:-9


]15K9GZ+





W$PB21Q7'+%%/TW0F80^
Y/(%DAI(9$
M2)ON HT*BPW2F# 8I;-F'RY%QSZG2BHFJ; -^Q).&8;EES/K9@AF&'/0F*O
M@EA(3I'2\9SD5PQ;BBSC2AEBK8G;#$._,[:6[4N W$T6:;HXV-J--RIENSW
M!9?

O
MHMV_D+_A-\E?GB-'
V)S'Z

MBF12!?)'5:U4PG.2Q^8[*J2VR[;


M   Y%0  %0   &-W9VPM
3(S


M9 :_DT 9H8 N6::QD@D^NG&V')H*ML^6010G_]K61(2P@WF;;3IM?C@P=[

MWO-;4MHUUX*=K'':7GG?]FR0]D32Y4F;\EO@]'6%TP:-&0L::&O4DB._4:L?
M^;01!8'/XH22/P-

Q&_60K=^F.O6@E
]:P:^_VO%

M^4J'SY%G9P2=WN!JW._!Z;M[?L?^$0S.8/RF#Z/.\+1SV1\Y@S\N^N^@TQT;

MG4GRH BF@.^
L

 @27C
%


;Z)
B)J
M0C)6.(


M






S?GPA6?E%Z_^XS_^X\]A.LS
*S?;G68R_WQ1_?CGBZII



*?W=WC4V\)'9 ?O?%-PCWO_5WS\Z:^OQ[T/\'V_=]Q[D\*[ZF<^PKNB
M_O%A?G&\J:$?'[\<?7/O^X.R


&^GBX

ZWB

2D@QDQ'4IMU!'&L(XA--)1Q$!ETY575F2E^?/%% D?




WC_GGV7 HS48(I?YT
 @WOV$P#O

 




+1


:3\.AP&Q_W]M/=PVYO


6[&L1);
M+1+4B8B,.U190(!1J#LD#&/)!81I8_..#/7.+MY7RUYYQ%XYVB2=Q@WFE$K



:J@TD

M%HK;X7E9^LTAX*O [_B\'%X
@%_*M#?(W$Z1_ZU;.+:;VBU9.R\U-/%BNHWJ





MBUZ;T)J8_N*]9Q0
.+8A(XG2B

S

MEACFQ0/5V;7GW8^;II_W 




M%@*K1.!84VH6AF3[9BC2OM%;HNB#U^VA#[$BRI
#8T




R--PF
JF-N-D
1J*Q5-*$[XTVVS+X;#

/]?TFDC+B.(D
EU39B
MDJ

4AT_
Z
M##

MLJRN-2U\+YANW)Q0$_%#S1.C8?'27;A+2]/KI1B36!BJ
68T21C74AF-0FH
M#6EJYY=QW
GD=^9$9%N^/Q6;^$E]#Y.ZG^H3\Q$^7(ASS&73#L@VB@;QS'


M(8Q*I6*P

M)@F-B9&


[DU
P)] ( DDC0W5-F:$
L-ZL8XQQ9*.$(^+V8WD,B%?'5A+JPK'1E?C<.3EA__ PV*GC
M^#^SJZTE-HE-(A8F!&$A;$)77H

M6H:6150B0ZD*60(HW\06XSAB/)8M
CWOBQP&/KQXGP'*!I/B]CX'KHW7%RY=



H*XB:12U=RC!AC(N0:152


MEL*&-HJ9DW)
&T)8SR.1\$(,N[N)R+%2$0LU1I EE81X!'^4480K+71;
M?*+O

K;0@Q

MBEB7LU]I3CF5$@228D$8983J.F:'-9AM7O*13P$B=G= Q&;G0)G02F

09
MM9RYW6
GB/M_4.Q[KX!.P;\/RK2_LE&7KI@!?@-9
%
0]VMWB#+
M+XQQ$;*% (\B$@72,60JU_!&:8AIX+&E8ADIBYK
#A(A&V.G#HRBUM]P8B






::$
M44
HCI%(K$HDB[A$ MND!55_YIM4LRS09 B/110KXNHTA8B'U%#JXOXIX&?=


DL@E

M9)H?G2ZSK*Q+
24D%-0F(14H9EPJJJDQKI(KP8LB+^.3ARYB[$-?N]IF_2K

M@RN9

V1;;E'#
PU#'8:QC&F'%G3PA



FR2G/OD]9?5YA7;GB6X#D7BOO(_CHP47A'?]W?.J
$

MXL$(Q2%V

MP7['2-;^
II?4_U:9.X0\$'7F.&[7/F
)J
MR),H6A#:]$6JRI?'QQCC,1S3Q4C:2Q9;*2+L4GBD'$44F&M1BPQ3*AZA8<^





2



^.;MON#T;#T=^V\ I =.-P384E$O
$FJTDM8JGB F6A#N



H6L OCTO5!['KXAXACAG!!H,YCD/0\)&4C(9:
M
QJT'IB/G7^',C_(^B_['FF!/.#1!

MK$&V&'



H3@2*$T6@*2
KW-$'P;73

M-CU1?%U(;8D99YI)J:(0((PT@H4HDA$W0$$PUI0$W/NB/HHVE()1)@$6(FU
M#PEUIPYDT4FW8&91779GX9.LZR$?-FHAYPJ44/C


K)1&(6F#;%C-Q'2J]];J/BZ);)F
M(Q





6K4?^
5Q5B
M#;6)BV

M766MNY;_0C
K_^4244H&IHE@



MCH*%&'%KXD03RF(E&'RBR&J;& #UJ#YT0 B;@Y(ITU'V  79+ P0)@8KP!


'/Z_3GG'CI^9IG7%./8NI(B**26:JX1(Y&Q
MQ&BCE/0+#3AI

@J&T5+J]O1A3TH*J
M#MM]E??

M



XE!SBH5UYR%B3:E5.(Z1:-/!Z'?@LYGUHG)C]VC5W9.
M#[MIH=_#GYDZ@$-NA;'S!**-95\4281!HME6)PFT**/T!'7W.1[.XE'2)

MV

8
M5_OYC03

'(C


N@BTI/1
?
MC-W]F *;D0]F (: ]X50+&C(#2-@17@DJ8A#IL

OV[V!2 NC72BY
=E^S?CO%7_G


][HO]_5DO1+SLE3).M


]$YC^K1^\



16]DK/_Y3QRC
M/VZ1EJ?NS
P9W.9%3PSA:9AK
/@O99YG4F19/I3Y^4W\O][O ZS:-X.\&/Y:

_F'P_L/^P8?UW</@<\ .W4(QBC 8;W'^#H

^NS2U!^%GY&06B5<=@RGJ$.)P!W.K.H@P9FQ811B=PC0
N_&+\=65-!7V6!O@&)JL#YB3JT!''0#-IB-CC8F!

M7#)'(


SMW-

+
SY]KO$:AZ(;%@*_


Q_6_-7#PQPO


)YQKOO(JX@@'!VD&(B%T'AP6(LW:Y$H^+[]MP


;**RI57NV(@KN\=/;^7














MQT-JQU&6NXU^_7D8:

L

J
MD'8X);@CD29)%,688W5K2KI9@8U[J)/'N77NI6SKMC64I95KBZ)J2/C64WC
M(N!28?U(85U
*JR]OS]K&8:

 ]&I?%W ;-723!OR).5%_Y=V85[

M1@GIT

MU#=!B*KDSZO^7G%R D+KI+I7/5&=!+GCVT$._%M]_(1UL8O04NFCE
0 T.AY

M@6=H )TNI?OU

FG=XG+Y]
1T9&'$5[!AX$^_%-F9







G8B

MDI






NTC[P6O3-POW9#
M==VCK
L0N#J6[=8S!TOLU78-!RP2_MJ'6O$#3]HOL=?S:[@$K;QJ=)E74R[


88IRA=:G-?EJ;.78(
M?^WX7/S 
_I+O#8'VBQT28S2ODH' 




M9?NT'X 6

U(G@]VO2[WZ:2J2&?X]GOP6SU3XX;K?M]+=CK7W85-SV][ #8
MATP4T$

Y]^6#M8


MYCYGH_
1S-&9NRWX+5TS:ZOU%\]AA1F*-/


WKL+^ZD^

@5UY

MRTJO)J'A*I0O


.LX85L_<!Q[.+4_<
M#-P^INZD^FJP599NGMR\-IU^#A8-GN;E-\_%P= =G3JYCF!;2.V;I]=)W6DZ
MSM1I&J*#J0?QMJ#


M.]#EH)O:8? _HC?X(WCG/KXW^0 F!^9JJ]]UIQC!D ^$3&'2+IY3/ZT%GPP0


M+;ES:0+OVP#4-TVK+D_)*8O/CJN-GT3]









M!$S32*U3!

3%IYG[4EG50@^3A%_
2Z

2BTH.A!(
<*USK'^]TPA6!HW3-5EK I-1I<T:-K[@#BQ4V+CS5WN$ZD
MKM1]BK/K6IZ&8=NE(Z+X
8+4/K.H+D1]QM$XE]6W3P%5FKM8!R238%NGK!U


!Y_* #((?E!:#DPJ






M35PQO8GK5WHN5F_9DVVZ#*^/.
+!09HY& G8_K  (SU^TWKUAG:#_1\&/'VJ

G6XU L(@#  W:9F12?R -) 0E.WISV5
MG*=9^)KP&$ KY@[Z^H4WUX)?=@/S6
-D+W1)'%Y9X NJM3W
G=Q$_);+@/2\

M;\8I




MW)A-[MZJH

'K3/15\/_#;?E)/W7Z


M_2U'#=HX\GN


W$)+VJ+



5
M


G



M7!T'FCC[UJG6USLVSX?7;/2$P0L^N7W!?3#(CC56IZ@[@0RFE_/[C?&_1 -M
M@P%1



MOOI81K*J5G%5K&^XO6EZ
&4-F)T@THCM(ET\4]:J/3!]9\!$%1\WS9)N

JX)^
D5^_

N[9Y:..6\F$V2KSWKA.&#C
'F7TJ[K=
M[G

_5


M#@RMWC2:PC0C;F#U5




M.X_R.V'''EN

M/.+*X&HR' W6_5(0!O5NJ







%B8%$P'E&P22'?$MV1)ZNRX[B#.[$<UUOP]756(P$E[E]\7EZ6]/U
M];2%:N+8M[FRNH-^_W2H9W2WKBKS?KN


M'2(V*[C_88G

MS:?@G)S6A6:5)1/38@_H'2Y

MP@


MVYQT0$62

.V]SI!+1$!]-*1+' *


U@RC&+$5R7U





MX^!_DG!+YM



M::O




MF;QS_AT:[!=$)




K[T9MF!C?2#:2;4/_W9(J4WK

KUYI01O=^\!8P=QNX_@\&09D9?LGU(T81MCULV*I


G57*S6RI9I(;92MBC)%TV:%F&
I
T- G*PV
)#N:]ZW6
=K
!!C^\\5

MIX@#AVK'!WQ^.KF-*N*?\D&I1Z6[![!L=U5N^+ (;F]50N?3DPEFS3L0=?







MZB47.RWK5BSF




M6-B)_&4.8'V&8H W[#CP;26R(I=

M:
?)R[[8?GTH-?9 NXP/I9A_R8A XZW/=
$P&_RIJ
5]DYU$^KJR FRN$W![

MV3=T8'3JSZ'^+]98_[]^_CR:]E9HZBM(G+!FO2Y)^U=X=8(6-
87%/KPQ=E3
MAV7 81(@Y(



/]&
LVPAXV5\B)_SK)479
#BZBV_^B-PR%HN
[-'-L
MR8+D8PYU-FW(=@'B5'NBM=_=?RR6.SB



/1^.#9
M31\[T$S:-HO\M_SVG^0.Q+IO U^YMB'UJ[6/#O2
EIOICII&KX5+^!;Y3VUY
V<N-7-UBYO^00#ZQ8F<_O









@+HY


R!\
M*^)8?Y
KE)G

0



@PH=C=./
MI7&\L-K6$W!_)N^SC_)S@SX+WZ_HLZOD0[)P?[K]^^_YW^-7S]-$TE1S]RC

* 5]]

M8HH5 X%KQ_




0%&TRS\[)KIA$(H1!.!UC3Z$)HN^S]IUALMY-G]$)S8+EZNV!


R4-&F03-$



PWU@D(









M\M-&&\ Y46_Z9T@S0=

C;5K5N
F\)!-EI3)*WVPDV&'MU9$%FM9PP-];S\*X

^0E




M$O4#UH



/D7\
M

BXG

@GXD
M1P709FQYK;AANOQ9I\T+.XJL0C6AQ.RL3K-30]=PF[V\7FKO:7T:^Y=GERV[




6
+:MAWU*ZW
*GTN=7VBP8E
MXXP_)J('NJN!?

VZCY=5)E






M5PQ:I!X9T1#A2B$2AJ2#^2 -'YV/NOU))*Y:4)8OCW_TX3.O@-O
'^7U_N

3CPR?94WQL?/1D

O0AWF+SPCSBYG_K%2="JAW
MVIVK5D !WG-)Y@B8[])P'8+Z3Z3J1B)[-D$NR[%</'_=H9&IV


M%Y.G6R

MUU0E;+Q\:9SJ%+V
MA=MZWV*55=J-XQ

0NG@QV4DG2
%'JE

M@O
\.

^J\5G?.*8)=6*
MJS=)5-E.$,-;S$Z$$CT5R53XU1M





U8+

R;K(IRO.6O_*
M


MH 8M0SBWN

M&(/
S:3STE1@GK[P
MFP&PIDQ:]^)LAK.M%:;4A-44N*#:FUJ]&B977JR./M23+)DXQDIQL-@Y54
M0R_$QFAIX?,=LNASG.OQ_@Y:=#_&\GB@17\8YNOXXS+TD/UY[6O*$)Q#(7-
M*#*=K*32P2B5XZ?]0-HZ1S5YORCP+L[;7W2)#R\\JU*8.:
O/(J-]4/#XXJ#

HUEKMT0I6L


L8.SI1%4?B%6Q;\.Q$C/V)&/ CX\@S_?TL
N^)UL(5$F2R3'XFZ5X)*'8:QFH:UH;@: #V:X+SA))3







W*:8/(\ 2[B^.'-_**('HCMA#K!GWR
M=A].H6BJ%<8MPK#XH/^<[1V=WM$!VC;6J81K'C0456STJ4Q&C([%9:$4?*K

MJ3;_9A:\* 3$.=)&2U0*G!#FHJ
_YCKGD&F2;!^6'O09<OD@EC0DZ5&_,RXH:8T/-72P#R(D,%LD+;4%K5-\D-
MBO:YCM%8+3W7I4)C7+Z'[0\:NU@TEK9/I3M0P<25LC/N\5+2Y]BVPGL802[2
ME+.:D^Z-LU;)S\HPWDPX=[*NESPU/S/*=O$U;CK
&[7FT'?6872Y9-GLXJB
MQ=Q!3-%8VE6)RRLGP-)U0J*E8:UW8W%?#24=?]97I*'MLP$7J;M4E #H@N$
M#WE!8*(CYK/A^*._,%UC&$:^+9-A;U\1JM.QF1S&72PL
L(&+8Y'9?ZCNV0

1.QUH6E*[O
$3N#9YOA8.'
ML[I#UQUM_7/.73'*U:0USX7),$;O1I&/4?/5P78W*U RVSFYRCY%.9U_*;:

MWXN
NIZ

+EB$H:7B^UNT'?B





3!S[B=B81 .7AHA





^Z:G

M;I'6COO/5+4EZ*0;H?N*K#SS]10([R
J4RY#0E-<\5&Q^IH^8+@6CBB8#U+#FH5L(*\K9M9G)AC%C9V5ZTRZ\XC
M 2S0H?VR/GEA M?9JTJ:95[=^U9GG?]SUC EH%65WH.Q!;*G.N:XLB4D+L





MC$P2 F\I0W.
IE[2B912#^UTW!3:7


%WG3N4Q%2.[)D*#&9A<(J*O[I,8NGTNYW%
M^\TG/'5?C^YWM<N4Z8<'M]X]S;[IGYKKR0G FD5K^0D:X(K!$%Y-H$*\[=6O
M]!&4 ^@?T95.52)*)^1]@5T F[CUJ RRQ)R84(UY)+NKC2&AE&V
)SG)Q
MIN;B
7S@DU-FQ8*'S81II%Z70N985







_OG#D?
M


EZ7Y&BXQ6FRE7%B7\0EDN/D9H


M_D7S$
!C&&/D!2;U+O#VN50R6477)@T2OP_/4
-
]#KK)M C._








L8L!)Z%





\'ZI;#(


M?E#OAHNDJDYR/K:?'*ZQ]-
D:XLM]P XQRL6N/3 U4I[CHS0D&;YHIBVO2XM

T6.OXDOQKJJ'LF'4B]L$\5MH:



V+8?FH^=&NZN$M8=*[^D?7H R.UY*?-
^3:49_OW/2
MQ\@@L):G-**2(\C?+NAA!Q<JG_]#S(I&UN@T1\*17


M1-:V8
DA@



XSO@.(3V-
M#C.(: 7



JJS-=)=:.V56)7M5T41^N;

M&4\DQ^A3(XA*- #$U%!_KNC SS0R*:=
M)Q[?-PC ^E'*[\0YTB;]+K6$%&[







X0X&&D\$(QYY*LBD?K2(;G\]:*-H)HV%$MMX8


J(8 X4DZAK&A\CL=ZSI%=(/F!TGWY3XAR5NB7
M:\STUW%&I5:)&@R BY^-+J+00D1&*RDCZZJ;ZOD/QK.1IHFI[K-/O4.(!L

M



MY'

M&6AS?D



&BL:$5
MNDS*7'7Y^




M'O=.H%Q)_UM:\]?W+JNI$0!@8=VZ73#2-J5#CWV_8E^*^*UEYS\0E*P=-LR
MOVVX'1(,YPPGU\A


MKJV
+
-+1LP4S&DO]JNKD0H0W1^US-; W!N2=SX:%HBUMD4=$.ODQW -.*@?
M9-+9[=3#O/$9/)*L;.OADC&O:
R/O5X[;/%I^U$B-



@]X+1R
CR$\F;;W4N=_TOL)X4EB0UP2$^W0IJ[$RE4@&]#XT:KKM@K;,6J$&YN\K
M6ICQP63OPZD']2$19ALE(C5N?FI ==/68B]G7_
K4$96R*V89MVR('PXZW2

0ARNVTU1;

'CY=*8?*
M C@!AV]@3#/S&#&#P9)[=2ABX^-EP+Y!2ZP0J+7.Z='('Y0-N&PMVHDQ)D

MI;7F7YZ O4]#O$E;--


B



M):LO*I+(LV(Y[%2]'=B4@H'B=CP#$?5+8SW&X]7QGCUHTDK?$7.N7']T[+L+


Z;]=(
M!.4FN0CR.4'0(9YG$#+4




WN=H 8-+)*WSB@E7QPHW#S8ZR@YX

M':]0-_@SA[L=T'&/(;&& B@6Y@I#+AWGI@72*WS!Z*E6&B#F'^V9/S?!L!RV

LM0U_^%ZG##]ZY^:#'[CZ^NSSF/7WWU&6?P

7)4*6Z+4R.Q:*PRI7(X0 =
N9D$
M'LJ]+YX)1EHPMN2WBZ45=9M 6P7^K6]4X:8(CWJF;0OZ$S1;=GADU[[W('@O

X2-@*N*]D0IN



M)O




=]?VQ/5+O^
M/







=<





MYX=)G]\:'/O-3+J!;6 N!M=WJ8G1XY!]FR

?OS;A$77MVI4Q-5Z] +]!E

MA.



]0J;:UX
;B8 -



MILF3R5/MQ+?

P'%:7TIN@$9Z.U70J



AQU \N@%
KW:2%^

MS
OZ!_^0S_8R=#TY]1TT/6_J;AD_43HE+
5!+8F
EI):F*^XA[6[VL4P4'-@




CR[7'JD/JK(


Q

M;V])8_5Y4
V[40OM8\0H]3:9





3S-8'\CLX-S4JT[:QN/U?SH]2,R#:-#%O :-ME
M4\^+SM(.L@E=_UAG+1:+D0?X(#V)-P1N#GU_MIHBQ]
!BLSY(%PM!L#F$R8E
M!0DMGK;N%G_%*0'Y@+QKHSCH5UO8RZ_IP$[


M18E2T+?3O2MKT3O4#U
O

M




QE'E263=O[O

&Q*^Z:75V^DMSA=K)C6%




M=/8_M$X&1$^XRK3




/-A0*B-=0_W4X2_SV%



/0\CW$+5?
P?#W%5GQ$ ''




M&EQ8-2:
0'YR7():Z/3





OTG$N:$PGK




. 3

!QHWSAX//K5TT
M





)[



M5]2F2&)*1
2HD
N\.NTD4L&XW#




*
-2


D1#9E!8X:R

 .%UNM5K[CRX2!(YH_I\XIN8_5K


M6?JWX^/?O#T:DSPQVH7VI=KAVX96G;/LO^(ON0(PTB\BS+VI*'8(@0K@GP
M



]CJ8;(+1Y+
=
R*9


TW&2)Q\JI(0%P94Q
M?J!1#-BQ]


=#Q .KS:5#TOJN?+EHY







:1F87S98N?2DG\



M3PQK#24:X+JW









M3?[A;L01:FHO1N/^?7OL)#)?Q; 3OTAA2_TD;]GM/@-?^SYNN5R[0 _U9YQ
M9LQY0)BP4&Q8@(&IQ=LR.R;(1


4V6.??*0BP8)VW;D

PNU/,]F#S5RA'HA?+HQ^U
M9D(ZJ]+)F2T*5/@U'&DSZIHTB IRK':Y1-@#?

L4%Z=J!H.(3(

M.


QS;)

JIT
M-0.'K(]$#(_Q*S




V7V2!MDDR#?0(.]0.R57X[Z1
=G_[1A@/@=.



A#?'E\U N^F



M_TR6]
:_7?78

9+*WL

;/1WF=)KG\_E5


M:X_WG(MKM([UQV\ON[ZY'D\:D%^8%),YM=GEN*M$.''+L4/3)!?'FRY+K[-
M,QZD@;E!07WS@
#5\[
0RF



MRWFQT6!\8%+\\$








I9J(E]^Z%8+J%WPVZJM\LRD+O41;Y
M2DCX@YD-GP__7+:W/(]$_'BW5DR&Y E)?CWG+I-I
J!AI+&[GAE_6_3O-FY)





M)LB/M%#WQ9;@X6\9/?HIU..TNX-0@?/-BBWELNQ.'AEZQ#O1]S_.8&3NB#
M+XN][;Z/=_O^B3C6+_/1N[XN#FYT70P(S6


O$B?OSC<F-S2S?H
#UX

X9
NXAF%''_*%U^%^JZ?Q
MJ_3YJX

I/CLAHW)$ZW9OM.!@DLGX
MK$ZAS7@5L=
U] 0VY;\X7
632;[
RV^VDK?@J]*.T?2!;%*?YR$;!)JFHY;Z
MM*YGQE

MUD?2XU5@%BRF&
!SHJ^=%YP LI;1I)Z2EKX'4@=^53CNF(0$=!8!T4TP:A2Z


(^!IF=-.



M#;_NNY57*
;4A\3RX=LAS9J?1
F
XDKI/&_=0JV9N+M


UX;G?:


.$QZPN9XCKS])M(TC@;IISX?AY'X]B=

=K;E?%9^IRI4T2!83H!_&Z43?I[S3+$ZI;#3L&09KLQQ
M8[WY
UPWG/\U
;+O_=!/??)U)336U+6F$?Q
4#:M3Z4G26JI\XIM\K%ORMM\


M







INFL;^(./T8M@./D=K(;7B*FH!G.IBM+''#OU#-X[G



Y%0KY



M#&M8WU@NB6=XB;F7!7RUY4@?JA#DJ4?X5Y

#6@7@*M#!@L^X0[\




MS=7\?0MGRKXPN^_+M^BS6

MQ=O:PB^[BY*7M;=\V2A%CX-^7\TZ18(? 'EC9$3OT5%W9M0*'(4JE-.T5HD
M!RTP%D56L6!%C2U LUHQZU49.3C.($/=#3)YGQA;@G 
QQ&69@J;R#:4K8Q




E%
MC3=W^\@QQ7#%\2PB-Q3H?J##HTUXIBP@-;^2=DU6$WY.PT!Y(BRQ6K*:B/'
MNV%??%J[
#I13FZ6O33D$NKF8!O81V8 6C*;E@N_5 $$










LS9ARAD5U!^7WDJT0$C

D(;21PLD(S

2(Z!N7


D<9[R/DDIHC#X)#


M:3QDH2-[;7$3
OXZW
3-[BXZVF5?:OIUC.GUY



DBCV

R3[+$$^)C&37@0?
3BCR7-


 ;*- B.5.]O)=XNO)$$

[77ZP^5@!P9?

[@L U



-UT;E
OJ
:[84T,3*S$8\BNF8JX4Y]\55F%7@K[CXY\%#X=B3#_ #9&8)?0RHS%:
M$$CCS'*S= +$]Q^I* KB:.KO(I*6YHWQE[

M:



5+C_%P9MVI[5^MLFNH?(S

W


$[-8#'U7-^DT X)V

MJ:Y9.8J0X(J=5ZV:MU%D#,L0XP[X'(!Q5DP]X'FOU//7^/&\ZH$(TW2-IOO
M9]1BS84+D,WY\:K;M;:)&,5N5R\;Q6;JI0VRRGKO+[RD46N4+J/QH0%
OO'

M8BW)-PS2


MFY;OJM3XRENB3O
4/
=ZX)=O:1GJ][Y):XS9O/U7,/2?3K7JGC\EZ/(*:H

M?3]+IA.8\PN8GVI^6
XSRAKRRTSGY]!89$ND








 H\OU+@26V_SN8T43MU\UNPKM



M.MB0[A(0ZYN?7&X#:/;K8%/!
'W=[%!:U%


MMD*Z*MJV'&WK5M&VW=C+047;-N#%J_5C.-

RNM^/1CPA1+5A
M

.B+MN;EL \7Y?Z*VL_/@6*
M
*I@MK5;7.//(B?8IAIR7_/!_$&HU&8.W'W&K4$HOW4[:\E]_9T+RSF;XS
MZPC[[(@1-GM%V?LMPR&B3M

M;[;
EJT%Q[3YL')#'W/#ZE5M=VHFZJTZANS+S?!'
RYOZ&ZO_)$G$D M3I84
M(:W/;;]&HY+%V?VXL+F5;R5O'=0++!S80+WA,V^,=\E&\;TT+GVP*(0-ET

C$


]P;K!Z+HA8.$Y1/:'Q2-1&

MWG@_0CT,,9G_/SRES8]BX#3H4J#3=YSYHV[0(C SF/J2)E'=Y)LAB-M$I4
MLEK[BPI4;XIU_.;L_5?Z_=F'KZ#D!S!0@=2#Q9 7:K\;2?5MU!1S'H:==1

B(#_<1NJQR)-\ /B-SUO7 @FD0J+&RBB^J799QD!=UF8B5U_NHZE


M4]MXGF(Y_L_B[WBT5'VQ:ZK:;_[+$.^[\-
\#6;I]Z#[X@ !I1T!8BCNRAWL
MDS3RYG(.'*J4ET+


MX4$;LPS



M4]./7:



M0?DY

M3@DI7

GA;&.QX/A
R$Y7)

9K
M 2&



W=C+(69FE/.U+U&**KNN=+A)];!-KY_DA8DANVZTO_7X:E]Z

MLAA2ME33TU'*'!



M&


M6V8SN]0 G Q2R?Z3/


^WX\U\+'-P&SB


M+\?!T?X(
^ZE3R)-P:C
4ME /+FD_DO:L_(V@D-S%8REVKQ).]08'LJW(*)
M!1\PWLN F0!WPZ8

M\8)SOFF^^OSKCW??B'G6;

E&S?A=E6*!7?X\GP7P*:IS-[ZTSC#/



&R1##


RS/Y

MQF/*I'--C
!T4% %@.VB
H@_54_5K&4
SH
3+MDT5(  F$19.[A+Y&XE$O2




M5


XFL

N6(6OY+5^C*Q=!1S'A@%V+#&G!(?:@  F7K%



?'ZT?&(S4
MCBBZ
J4^@6;;85M5BP]


M/




Y/YFK=P98GK%(4#%QOUJN



@T$##'H(E\_Z@











.'LCC$7








M8/BP5BYT].*S 9(87_%
@ W

M!+T






=R:8/
M2?LH.-!E)-1\.3=*T57C\G6ZI#?_D]^38*@1&^B[!1B[Z%:70E@PE+FRVY

XC5]5Z99F









M-$@P2IR7N+$^57PY&3Q;;5^EY]YB^W*/5-:VN

MWP:\

M$







VMU'+P2VW+203SQWX^EXED6LGK
M[E+?_L1$N*7AMF M[^JI;N


M#:75P7D)A2D_%^_/I

MBWHTR\58C7;4 [)*#(G(AC^9]B885\:#TCFD _O6 3&E!(
-:SZ+E;O&)T


 EG5
M$EY
P*+PQ^AH9
M'4YG69S@;I4B7B

MK7* V0M]-

MDHQQ:


S^&6!CVJ;VI8N?IF(F+].O65A
3O1;J)H_S*EA,RID
M0K6.54:4=3_VJ7T!N*GMK0Q%UY??&$A1 [$9X I<*^K$5_W$MYMW$=/_$ZK

0_AE-NZX2GCCR9%

MQ.BM33(

MTQB$#8TPYASAEYU:K\N1(]D9 P


%4@RU& #;/\C#





M.RV[TZO?3:\8T?]NIST8:KW\_0D^#$HHQGB?PKTCWW4-MN;J%MWW2OMZ*9












I+7AB8

MET^=M.D&K;S#*[9WM09BR+
,E?$\N<;BIGV[DX O$?K X



96DC:RU=CUO![EE<\M &5X \\R _'WIR\#[W=
M.M06HPD%3Y&&:_1#FG9.PRE I002_$Y<^*R'&<KY]!.1$JX]KQ@PJI?')
M6Z* @E-Q_FGE)!;'=LX*#3JK5;^S+$SW%JS;V9X-9P:HU.;W\VVZUW]V2S



M&WY:&%&Y9OYSX8QE*L4.7^D.DL1M;TU_3O=6N(4*_MN/BWNO'%GGY

MP?3N
)WY

S'P[YR7


MPY



#--!G
K P$2&VF'
M+HJ'N97ZE*C(&:?X 68R@Z2!?^$G8:0^H)?#)_AGE*7P#:A!PDQD]!
++*VQ
MCR3JRFQ-HC#!//Z*




MJ!


MZ
EUZQ
UW@*
M8@4SZJ.!
L%%T^2



MZ&5

)/):H3YS;5EP*BK-[

M3+QV
XVF
VH\Y&8
J#PE3.[*+E R^-


6ZG]^



M4*T[;H XAX8;C8T@Q




MT8@[W10JFKKJ6[\





*=5 N



M6\J!(V)=LN$E_%0S*%ZEO
25*V1708C:T7I3/_03[F4\F%.Y[#+H%2SQ!UDZ

[]G+CDOELL2DF

44#2UH.'*T

M7
#O])LM:FOK3JE%!#5  M.)&TQPLP@D


MQNFGDA_ CV6+).#@\)F?3')^Z!4Z?!RUCU&F*.B4[!B?
GZ#'?#053%C_@1W
M@T*'&GEJ7#%1+V=(0!/9-



[MFZ,L%POO5@G]ZDX@)!)/<XF]
M: /<1WUT?T\[QWS1AN.%-!P!5E]X($,)J KFTKV4D^\7N!:UT0-O2[&:IKP%
M0V'9,MB-K@./+Q[;LGPU)U@]A=R]Y$1M =0VRSHO@





2H



K)\C0(
M;JPI-OH+64=.O4I]WQ[





M2KO3MC[XHW1BG5Z)
+M=


M*@4JB!TBQ)Z;F^_;7-B6

M)?TEMQJ#MMM[&BGW[=;S6WSWZHX]&/9T4$5A[Z-';WM6-DJ#KV?FJ[9SE.

MY-4:-^4AOZ)2(OC3\Z]^_1_XCUK+P+Y_94GJC^:



R.$V[WZA;



=&KN$7WZ)KL04
MR
Q[Z^$W#L8U?^HD51L50DM,9T$T%]A[EJCQ
M+)H .:'<J]BA^Z5B?!TII^O0U _H#^2*%/TDR4C1 =;X.9&39:QL!K<L
M?HIXZ=T2='
$L3%_C_E4A2X1W*C8UVYL9ZM3K=&,TZ*]-)!HB1X-H4/B5
MDAY)8/BM^$D
OB!UF3!




=(/T9J8 J1)2OFIY?TEAIY
M:/$,]'-^,Q@R40SVQUH7U2RZQG=@EP9\2^X*ED+1%()W@5&^&5S7NZ_M[*=*
M]J\]$;J_Y2)W36N/)7'XAQMF;CRW&M+(VMJ*VH4[NMR9.UKR.Q45HZ+_29:+
M+=W)9S<&DFV2*ZI3LRP<=B1IG5NHJL\4! #N]'_ E8&MP'T*:1OPWR/@/<

[2
M7OG?3C^??;5.DT3 %MP0% ):Z&




1JG-IQW/!$
M



MV\(%






.R/$KXB&[A5CO-PD67BKSG&3ON/<HN/]^-.I\'S4
M 67^9NY QZ_E8G!(
8[P]Q)%F8&RLF-HC2
_GL)7H/# AAG]8ZD]2DL!6#1K



IB

MH2N

MW8*8+4MN 9;3QUK]Y2\H!3\2#VO'Y^O)1J[=^T9S0V?'5=H *(*T1\!@L9










0)F83
MJ4H!M:X)$^7%EN%.'[=1]EHT695@HKH2]?X@
MO3&^@]$=Z!S4L.C6#^HG$





GNFRI&2H4U9AV$^V3YVN &0 #
M^L2X/DSJ_* =U5]7!!DP




Y%T6*T-R!' $Z&X*M +W




(V37VWZ7K)

]-&Q*Q#U(UUZFU





F$=W/8=U5D; 4Z

JWM




N



19@P29X'















MIGH'(%T);/.([8CMAV


MPL9?36 C&)$=D?UP9-/46<?,,$0T0,<EAX4?IU:R699^T(8E7#^&,^:M8=SH
MY9@OH*[L=]'K%];_#@?5[Z$&YU?^N]2ZQ_;;W-AVN/R51_XP[[6O\'YEQO;

B'U


WZX.^[1^+V='1X

MR?OV4*2-1QH+YL_%L4T@T'
!VLO
'!E@1WVSR\;-?@7WG8[EVW*S_;(#BW


6-_@GBE=US= U_HNUC=H$.O$^@8Q2_.RJ9^7#16.ZJ?AZB=[1O738)
I
MBR;3.&G$&.3(&S=Y@X=GQ_A7B3M&#D\=][ICYYF&V9YUM_9\C@XF7S_?-.2)

_LMZL@H$\K+ASU%U

$3@
M!(+@SQNY2/APG5^!91['4.8([3MRCB+T:R?W;9'E?_MYNVV[ ='MM%G3_(
M]^I[);OKV^O)G^&.__L?F)#?)NT



M9%-7


M?;3GW6*BN.S_N]?D'@:Q7UI9)'6=]2VKZW1X=4Q*B'
=UXZY
MWV6[<O(=G%@;8OI?Y;=]ZF#43M^&_7-;(Z_^_,^_\$:6)\G;=O=[]85O/__\
MB7]V/UZAC?_MYR'M0O LOAI\,P0EE4
\?@E1J
RNEB%Q;&9NCP(;(XS_V5Z



T

M?VE

MUI=@P8.==WN;AY\^;A\



MI4^03:DR$9BH%ZP7\






MI(AE6$E&,SLWYRO#;]T4HRFRK$%JK#R*Y#.M_U;'^7E^7:KY
5O?(.N-;Q


S6L94M0
M93S#5G4I#)&H_ZK+C;:KYYEXN/)J7

M_I+D'?^R]6]6E4E#/= D%#'M7=:WT;(\25R[^[U


;^[R..]C@,#S$H]5QQE+*AC/*5L*SN
M/2*867HX?T#G_A'*$RU@%P]Y:?U@_7$61
 EI2CBM%M^;V\(@=Y?NZ;4LGR


%ZC





MZKG6DX
P*&




76D
'1^6Q;54+]C]3MIY-
M?B



D32@LPI_E4 Z/_'(#
]7


;_AE





MV4X._KV]?7C0^&=_M1
D:[?OKV'GOE%!1
RI-*98[ME)_+HG93_3)UDZ82


ME 3Z&1SN&UQ^P$SK%3
-3TI-O

M1 \K'G39)3M ^=




M=L\^_=A]]]8_\][)WM8./OJ\0[YL_7&Z^V/O[


$X$X0SM;:!18L@^J]?)V?&':O&8^AN

?%



JH 9QH!9Q%-&:28.%$ID10@P\BOZ
Z@1*

P\MQ 


!6&82


U?V;5Z__V


M\N.RC4)*LL 4X:A.AY.B-P6B?(:+*F..SV0KK


MZ?4'38$0VH%

ZV@N6I]!0T2T/A:M([T@F$0\I1E

[L3
M[.Q8;C9ZEJ

L0H)(@(+-

&4&


<2/@^GVP_[?



MS&@B



M6 (O:R0AO(8 8-5LRJ.5';E$.5,8CU,LF:R+LYP+[D;11&
M


M;=YN586U'NRW#A]!B41(3QG(\D14:(DZ':)^-4 THP!\)A 2#'C&O&/8I-

C?BS+
M/:&6:<6!T89ZF8($X Q8+47*DH(R%C8_*0M(F8^JK]@ 1Z+E$UV3MZ
%2:O
MYY4LD;*FHJQ/$_$:(L5IYB3PZXH-

M(U1BO


M'V2Q7QST9
^:O\*#C6X]
1GT0_/


M^[V3;E&=0+QS*M8D.+]9^&!/SM@$K69CN7GUM'%B-F%B_MC].\58*6H@8#9C
M@$J



I!YDG+$ U4T#Y*052A*@W2HD)4V #DQ:FI$59]G-Y]I 7


V2(A





 YRDR(G.
12Z4OIW^KRDL
MF8^V)_W#FFU9='R7EF




$S:
MV&E


_NW8&O#+YT4H^
$QQ[JA95?@72^C:]E^[N\+-=^



MH)^![VQP^0$SK5?
=$V1U.]EZ3K!^

<_EH_UF





_MY@./X0'\

MIAJN#]5H1;J;@N[VWHS)%BLE@L9@X)CP8B73&A!4J%9R8AJ'5(A+-BK4S


M4DU
1@%RR)L=6G@#1*429!9SHA3



MZ!0H*16P!ME
2Y9!&K0+:I%L7NEYXO9P$\'\G-[2.9Y@GDD8)A$*2'( $C]
M#TJD!=(B!A-L84
&18R W@PL]DW359HCWAQ\HEV;[A-XWYQX[7-P)2+K#@_
M5MP?WTKF1DE+10HTPA90['\(K!!01B.72:4==6^4H86?%\I;B4OOCB*;/ 4
M;##22C+F$:6 0ZA9X.

%K

#J4EY[MG39XQ-C#AN%49
MV6Z:DU6'F^

[)R=




XPQTA8P30F@W(@LA0#[J5E@D.
M4YAYO)*XQ;N4F14J#3(OM\A*[_@\V7G 2'OSH;VC



T^+ ./V]'J9(?5-1

Y8:CG.R!#0D]*0QYSE3FAR-H&:4%^\[AD@_;_8^3.0BJA
M.69H3Q2

\7!?)(GG


M*IZ?KT;%=X8];\NBX_NM'-[WKD4%

T4_SQT\B^':


9^_$EC9P2C7R
I@%+N_(CL[]A[QAWK


[&;HZQKXXF-MP]!6I?&
\2]WYE1O/_$)C]18D=+)#QG^&


9#%X) N%:%HJKZU8+\8B.*T'ANZ

M=%TZ^+L
:

M?NDPR9;5-NR!) 2U)B3][?V%9^JO





MNG.Y=S#XSG_^.%%GIKU_^O'KWH]M&KYSA
-G_OQ^=/HQWSO=_+[[V3__X5]G





M;\/UN]^[[[)(K%/

M!WYTQ\7CP




MV=I

T_]+LRI_OG#^1G+&08@3Q'((\L#Z
E9Y!:H)@W/R@2#J@4








F)I*A%(C;: *JV!




%L9N6FV

M'8^1B6CKT^V_B8&4Z2!
M4)T35
3@<=PQ[*@$KM?W 2O (:


5QBX;QUH8WCWL[($!#:*9!R

09.LA'V9)FP[FXO6Y'1Y)[/
E=C
L3

95]
:7(5LW(N+V55M2_4

-5426& \XK&
MJQI.@79 )(X!C,#'5:R/L@^SM&MTN#D=Z




M_RD3^4WF[2K^-52I*.4C


MQS+54HPR2@5 V#AOP*A09=:;


MA+)05B.E6





ML
#USQMY2&.!^[



\-PB/!0M(


MGQ?3NV
AQ)1)EUJ TLQC6OJ_.+

(&:(XEG&N0I)

$SKE M
ME;) DL!D90KXIA1*0^[X53

-$$6/
MB:..!N#
;#J1_DLBS%*J
5!4.$A)$!JEP(DJ6 .9X:1KKK+68^0QJ/5BP*
M)3RSLKHJAG)H0GD,+;WYP0D4GOS=

MI_8/Q?

XDM:
@)MJ*8*G!G^
MOST:M(^V[!6Y[ED3WMCLF


WJ\(J\TG%=&D@X9FKH


O:P;-8_W+=ZB=I[4RF]9)


M93M4:-#M;MDOZH







M%XV48TH%Y%GJ9RA7$% G

.9E)231EP
M*?+DHT/]

MA@.4
8M



RE-BEB&E62$P


MU9_8
E-$NL2/WA/2

DI3MGFU^FZS
M<LVL,H#?U,EA5KD+7H6@P5^2^O#7*G?$EG6YSE<:#H?=ZV(^[$K_LDX 5;\

[=SZ5__
MOG=Y+0CQ[*^3W=.W_GDUW?WQ]6+O]&.^_^Z(?OG\]F3O=


M3XOV%Z3$5:GH


M8M!H+2@5RO,,@6%5IF42#.),D.I?0)1;GV?/RV/Y)KBFCW_]E[\^:HD65]

;

[^36HSV[N)@'@%#+F


M^Z/_;8]^UX6@=

[^#]-AY9H'U1?S

C=Z_GA/]




M;+%TGU]E*RM\58Q'!%/RWV;V/H#E%WBLT\4!]LOTS]

))B55J=991A5E]TN'/K8P

68M_59!F1&J9
90S20MA7!@#BB9
M2V5
 LTJM9813D1)8NH+PTF1$N9135ZA$<+#.5ROC^M-Z;T]K'R/M
MEZE?I@=:XW$G6+97BU^F%C^V:M&E8&^[+4ZY\B(00NB


R
M4TX*YD^SN -ZFWN4E')//&8W)+

\5EGAKFLIP;F!F3;3[5

V[L
M[W+RYZ$ RY2D*H6CSKDB3 *2%V!3$9H5J;

M1GB:

Z=^\GL(IGDCI7R-2PHC<<:%LD18L
M=S*1/H.0)C'I#!H3Q7[O8V'\ZZO0'):I$Q0DH&51QAUDG!3Y$3IM!


M%;L=6UDF:4%3D8#(52!W


G

M._W9
:B%




MHE0R

L6


4]DT= QY4DO.GO1V8O.K]3T
MU=I4

MNG




MKK\W3#UX$6'JZ7#OXDVR?S#$]]G+@^?)^]WG%^].]N#GO\_?7;R'U__X + V




*NFWTO08C
.CXT$UK0=G



MK!*


M4D$REI2$)502I9DC3J ?

M09WK[3%T0\FV8.E&R_YE[N5KBO-^4W0VQ;NSO9W#E+%
T3PGVN6:


MVD&-OYHA




P

^
M++4T


.XT;98B27)

6SI0
?R]8X .LE_@U5$L
8
^/

MLS0K

\QM1^7&F?//1%QD]69JXL64&MXHQG6J1&E$+;
ME);6B*(W?FZW\G#M0YN65.9Y2G21


U4Y_%)'O/I^+Q_H0\I+S%-79'

@.YR
'RD47&



-@TT0J
WLX&1L8(T!

Q;'UP


*


L/V+G8N7!SO)_L6[\WU/*')\\N[DCQ/X^7QO][?C

M+EF9Y_!9PW22@]V;
FV+Y=+-S@H

\


&F&H(8876(



_6^+HF=P_ 3.\FKX-Q&WW=@#K!M/4(+TQ)\&S68
2=!F^[K^.6SGD#

&]N/!R.ST(AFI7=5:Q0









\

(BR'%V8Z&AA:



S#@+#$^+P$&]0U)


M]D&2RESXK!319*6(?O6_TNH?[!QJJ4619Y(D)G.P^HD@

MG;V])B3;K/Z9[0I+$X _2BA48Z :1OARTP


VYEUY@#]_

Z[@E'-6Y
ZX3#%AKJ(PN=%.?C.:U3
Y?#EY




B+5)HJEU?&C5WGH]XS$A*X*IA=A(_9*

5!VDP[ [

5
X15DIF&RI+N3
M8I$[@2YD3;7*^54861,Q,G]A^HP_9JU4(_11B[4W%_N[ST%=Y85E)&$%99@


MCY?&4^\O'7\ 3&6[LL3GB0X!+J =NU-[
87684!951TEX2#D^_HUVEHKB@)R



E3Q1I0'9DVPG:XPT9



/C^UU_X0U=L+4Q6-'R$)K./(0\
MA#.
E
27?1

:0

S_.'X
7E)-ERR,X0 _87K
1C[^

M


PF;QYVR^



B=]-*GA/I

BU3B;).L*!QA




;NGJ2+QKHY@.;:&8Y.Y






XGL4W)9??_:5&S^7)]F


W8-'L
\@_






C3SD'K08@UNX&;!X%@&X?85%R]W;-;W)C=0O3L%O=C

=3)=!'T8C



M#L-@O907T79:P%2(RE02B4&V&N+&.5DA-@L8GI


Y,)V;C=Q2 UM?;RAAP7ZGUIGEC*'*]R


_O.\;;'0YY(BOW)R*--V(PJ8D1!=

MN%U]?0#^
&];47?T2)MN%P-2-798F4R#7P\+=X-
U<JA6AXF']P;N;BIDDA<T,47F
P%





M?&C.PB^H(
=

M+03K 1
'';YKO:?V\N

M)^D(_?&\& 0


:W4V@B
LL





W@DJ
M))UOD3@!#_S9_IZ-IYY;MVISIKIG6/K


M=1#G5JSPG3].Z_29/U'S!+':==V\!S2/_51/$.W7\Z249JB+S]6M*]^L!NY/



Z#

_)FK;]TT+
=
-+:\W _
K]7


X^A*G7_3H]*ZTQ9X:O7QJ ) C-1M;1*N1['MM^H6E7HDNG*U



\[XR(M++PZ5%53QE)'490F!:<V)2
N2
MV-QQ6N2)MDPL)QGO-/6@DW8Z8TW0FG?B68M^.#AI(T_4@VF=_NU5W\0\3V3-

MODD?


)1RP4:K[05ZZT#G5(K



MV_M/62P9\A[\$[3V?$9+) 2'!UW4#-UK=:H!8A[2 EEFM(7]_'SP^3/^JPT;



6;PT1F16$$0'(LHV*P#D24U!!;






P/XUX$]7EA8XL19

NRV&\)B*RYE=#GNN2L
M




W1!


M)SN:V=] FOX:/?!OJ^EQX^GM7;Q[%T?Y85XFADD
8W*''70S1W@I)=%.8=@H
M*:VD*YV[8V21('B4(QQ#A:UM0[!1L'*+%GM:Q)7HJDV\/4I80LT[X0.5TTI
M BH5#+_X4+8//RG8M]&A[!,\0FF8G9PL]^-I0U--T5VU@Z9=(VQ/F^G4L-5




*3F*'_!8-TD5
M]

MMTWK9H_X4$%3S1
I')N@9S

%L_Q_X_G;T5NAS9J

Q2


^$


9BF13#-2:IHH7=!
&K5L81]XFPA!
&)0/ZT1


&! W\

P*Z001@@N2
VMDJ3 




AKJZPAF;:
M,*<5$50)HATSI4YHQBA;QIQOK0+):2,_<)A0@CR<=9S2B$07D@3F :-Z$G)
M!_^9P0ON?(Y1VQ!3-&.E_L^LE(Z1L/F02^,'3;WUR9823(5;)

M5&Y;W/








)ZZ+WP7&TDTBOT1\E:.






T:#=@V


MQ:W&A%^0*+$U%.[)+?^-TZ$

MO?FZ#B@SCIE?H0X(H?NH(Q6\S+


M$X\:[G
4?-







/
M8?CML ;8M7WEO7(;YG#CV\EVNOFKEUPV@P&)_
XOF[+MOCN_+(TVV97.NR



M\9]')]$ECJTV1M)M$7
BL2M
1A5Y[V?<



MKV

MP_-6GZ'__A1=N-
F$K36R]1/[X;IW9


W]]N YR!P?MZB/
M?5 E$K/%U*U-W_
Z&M
_99M9-
SWP3;.H_).[@DP/
M?%9\UF2#?QI%7#?6@H%'FH<RE_7C5]'3UUZERV.\_\]$L 5E08G:;8U^ T/




M+I(



L(EE43*0B#IDS!R)1-?9$R7AMF2

:Z421
M)EJ[

M4I'ECJI

;=V



Q\N0*RT *909




EQ(HV-

MMY67'(U:PRSM[KH
?AJ/B.\KT)4!8= _H[V_N

^
Q56'?[=;&NZHJECW7<+?..\<IJB79S*Q#::M


]1E



MP24M&?&2_R).2&RLXL/'R\['&SWC.OVZ8

];!/MVCXT+%VNL*5 @-%^2AI^

IXU)H:/JN3C!V!52
 [[O?CH' \Y8U[*V$J1T=36&.
MW\X_]EO\6$


MV2

9&






!

MJDA&BY*P JVOC



M!&$B=T1I:DB2*EIP791%UY I05=$5 K3&7KV?^C0CZ
N/]N\J=RXWW51JK

-_XU?..\]XT_$M]XQC.M$FW@$0OFI%/.Z3Q7

8?[G+^[














KX9S$XOL)TAL-CS?7@4
J\7+
MU\((CY5$C6TF4;M!-\0L:;LA]M1K#Y]Z[;(Y_ZIM*]EVWSIRL75D0S(+P'-G


6GR

M9PG\47EFEMD!

T'AQ3E.'E@O8*TPPI422
M,U +G(&:,SQZ\^;]5_-3NS7_\[6_\TA+\ R$8D%K6&0$8=)(G-:DH2#@6F-

@+W'!L
M\X;S74G7*:*Z\NY6WYI(V].N4W?QZ=#.6JB&)%1^8[S-K


=30A




M[KQ7%3K/G=



MN)?;@_6/CZHK#KHA=D#4/TU48;XUG^?R6CW(


)+=FQ!EY+''782R*%21A&


0]?


M3ORQOK:Y@SVG5'J) B$1Y8TU9)7#2(



M++%$93#6XFJK[6JRP*]D/
\I%ONXB8I?_5X










@W
RJ1PF[KQG&(
M7&FE

MB^1P1
SE@YF6)*2#)P@
E

M[HQW+=
\?[P7W8U^07G4]VYO?_WPK^'\%Y960NM98WQCF5.! GIW*/-*N0

RP3.FH#^!@7X5$:*_X'L;G5N,3?AJ%T

)\;BPNU+
2L





M]]RVBIHI:HF**0I.J-/6!2PMX29&PEB8PW;\C;&&S[WN0B5//RSB
-S(ZIXU
M#M9/MK?V*=SS9W


M420\*




;M[Q_Q





M

MBX

(
MEX$:F_

JT0UUC[N2,9%$L0@[ -83*,<6$PB4!!2
M&Z=\PS












M2505AE3).)XCG&)9


6YXTDSP./T9+ *2D$;
' VU]J\03X

]DH@;G6?FF5+8-[M4 Z
M_8]MW#_J!W/%2_UF&N![W;B_W'BN&_(O957.?[;CAC!UX6QLH1RAD18+.E
MC5Q&SU@DDA;VM5C(O3O)OBQ-(@)

&^= H)1R:1I3E)

2\^JO35!\74 NGP6PA_76V65+71?8YC!PM2/X9_.9?*_CY
MHF']5KN%EB?(ZSO3U(SRH



MP%+:F*Q0QBVM*K)LR-7P_+/H^MN

MHQ[!#$0Y=(]S8]+Q0[_9'D#SGZ#%-JJ+Q9]O-)*-6.SDC';RYR0G%MBX&+5#
U64[%UUBY?E?O W[(S].X^

X V!J'0ZZ\.
'

:R%9








M9

I= N
P$97O.)W15(+9Z








F];;FSM$*ZUM

!:HED8EX
MG[L+,<U5 #JFG93*&,/ND(6C']

@6 @R#AZCKCA&AD!$B^!CS@=



WT%/8%''[NQWV]\#&1ET#Y=A90\JS
R7SR($X'V#S57
MZXWE1%

(N! '!EK&$U:










::)HYCTHH931AV./*DDQZQ'E
(\(-AH+V_PRCVD@N

M%T2B

MB'K+F'

GICYP;

..^[$S) HY+IV5TTEBN)-
&
U[MGF@5M?6CW5@^HD&_
MY

.*
M@V<'&HX3 (!(@IP[Q@H2& BVG@?]^Z^T?MQJ&A





UN':&H:IV?@QN=



5B$FMCT!KF3#!.8$HED88D0SQEA/)1=N9HZ^L7LS.+Q;Q/

L[06B%ML53 B.\RS;K+[YL
4=^00Y_@I')
W8V9_N!W71*XL$C\L_VYH[ /%HG),(&@S99Q9$+1B&</,46EHK2=/W)@,O:
M!%)SK6L]F4(%W'(8YQA?FI5KT+],#_E^U\.].2D95LK'PY];(3!Q/[#;=F
M48_4.E]P!)Y^4C R@PD<@;5O6ECN!*Y.RD X71I


MTF
M'$-:.@I.M3+(




:M&)U


R#7
<0VHE@)'0S4VS.%I*\DL=BEZ(UP*')8(UI^)Q&RT
M&C



\\5H)7

MH&]YH:=#CYEC[4R(+7Z,/8WA3?O[OQ7'IF+0CCN*'5:AY+@M$
XLA+KU*M
M[M



:4\IX-[Q$
(

8%





M+PT\V7C[!)4KRY6S7WG7R:-RP.BN
/
_KY]MK'W9;] _]NKM30:?$<VM
MCV1[K2X:M/GSG[/UR5-!209!M(H4LH0U]:B7'<6


9TZ-







/GUS

M;2V


3F^X 'G:




MLT
.D5%RU

?09X_FYO
M;%HN/]5Y

NJ'3W'2GU-:*FYG;B9QYQA3+.@SJ!S<2):&Z\LC8(HB1U5C&&9=PA

FJ(]QV

9QY87


MSU$.XCD.-GE%8@(?71I%@X67PHA$C)%+M0C


Z[)L#T
Q(%-H'+L9;TD






M..YE#C@=G[TY*ONM']-QY\]6BB\T(#LZ#L8;:YXVVXV#YL&73J.]B3?6UG\V


82:(E6O6*K\

,T0\H[UEZ=1:P*V W1[;</O?3WC]!?YFA+_&UW/X

M!@1-
A.2HXX3XW



@I8$


BB7C$


M
388 SL3/)0-DP7 D\V+#9/W.Y%J$;'UB#D&AASG5@$X:7!O6%66T]3FB_






7$!6)!C@Q&G$J*7(0?P29LJ0Y.E+



M6U.V



UIX68CB&]6N0A3G



M(

5&%[@N
A*[Q'11 =I3( 5RII3LFR*HA:/]/E5=V+K






EXU5Z(XW@WEZ_-VHL%I+B(#'G5@/%MY&[S75A[8E1)5BX;*?G(+
M@%.NJ+84&2/RD8,DD4LLEY*,$M9, 8$4*9L&<^:3/9

M?*!I8HN#B5Q$VF+DB(J(1\&1ME8AQ;W1DCFO0JXP &:9G7MC05:'HST%3\
&K/A4.3?6]4[B\%Z!-@\A''02!#<$1!
M*\ GJB3&Q5,K0%2 J'AJ3Q-$FMB"X[3%))#/E*)N,P<R7FA$H6<$DEKO-!


\FY^[W7#2ZG2*S9G)YNQ/LFL671:I2T




M=DXJ*353N54XU7).6]GSTZ9GSODIN%IP=?ZXRI)G.D9%/.%1!
M)9(9%0%A

M9OOW3OWS^L]_SNJG]9
=K&DTW')$?2*(*Y60L3$B*7!4(41







M7%O :8P^C8)1EC'I!CW*(:0F1'%R#)\ZY=Y(;S&%BN
[E
Y*QGB LS^L6T

MN

B2 OG*8/X5E1!^(B3WDTA.E





^3X?IN
L[T^WOZ^3;7B&Y@$P
MR:TO[7J[R1M;C;UZNP/C^):?]S2SSZG4\&25
TPZ% -5BN?D&841%L(%I7
M/!JZM



MK3)
%TA)WT80XG^/6_W6N&3;4:][!*

09['7#;:_

P$.9=*

D!D2E0H@VC0*1='

M






'_^S]V];KU?[9N- 2O



M?.5^


M^L

ANONPMC*8Q&&131O6U=7L=6O8./X*9F=O
%
MV&B9=QR@

M!(2]LSHDGH1GE=MXE_T:&0R[N]N+NUESLI2
,YMCI3PN37X=Q*Q:-CEDN&


MJ4+LY0I.;P+17T2):)P#K!4J$XMB@W03F1!!
L&EI0XNE0XF=];7TG
 92
M87.ZF-?@G/__[+UI4UQ'T@;Z5T[POG.O'4$QM2_V!!%82 KY&K!L9 U\(6J%

3EEJ]G%.G*O/))[.R
AE%5K


H1$;;YS1+NG$!:
M8H:2
*KTF8)ADETC#&[M5 L5*M98KM@





M!A& \TT/X-5FT*VQ.Y91=VRN



&;@$#.)D&FJOP;Q\

HLT&

MYOBMG&]U[K3!-'.HY$K-LI%*?E9Q18X&\9?)BU\G!11:W3(!Y4?G




F@;-**VZ55KB_FH=VN*-(#'
=^D
IF
M#9HU:'9O:':];A

MG1?


$6E


_QCOP7U)R0-BLH5[C
M)A?D*4!Y8SX7A

MF\C14^OR7):#IHDZ2ERPH,N4VN0 X*,=#:6
^U$G1I52WK1IL;;6XB(@NC
MP3-K;)UU#

758 !R8D(B
M6&C
C8O.


ME&MGO




M$/4161)ML)IA+R/HU;+@\IZ2LA8Q[ZI1Y








M[NUP5H


)

M]9]?0J9



F02%L0SZ:TLC1HO
MYD$TNOE=/.V@8V&XSZ@BL[M729C$T2H^AM0-R!=FKJ/0H**\(3X4KYAN
V

M!+AS7]'_'^S%7'-CJYZ?7QA

R3%\
VMYI




?KOUL1EN=;.WA&H<[IYO;<-WU




:T=5.L@@4L_KV135QOJP_J$FPV%E6T_J#Z

MKO1@R%\BJ.H
Y8_L2;$OK7HL=P!]GK0Q

UUM#PPC)5F).B]];PU
MBPDFZ


;V


X?\!3;Z6:%:_U


M\DQ88RT%_=C.!&L#&?5;Z401N
?XB*3P3.2KO7W:__4:33V0'<:ZRV0](U <AR-;L^*#E:\#)!RUJ@PT:



M47@B.16YYJE+%EQC$:.(C-=&%GX3PUHVD2XZG#QG+GC)1:#6



M'
-_\'IG3P!*4QLL^
*Y?[:G%!D7!7(NAL@C
=JY7.UA15XMK4 -9Y&4++KS

M(Q


OT\X7#V.UWX6X$#
H2G8P&

MT-\7J9T]ZJFDCBG$


MH&]@J@!FVJ
0RX\Z-KN10^+MUAEGZ_.CJD$!;H:ZMPPJ\PD/U8E0R*66[I

_I@-8'H\@0UN[U0$[.IZ_&N;&OM-D

M_F0R]E;W*WQ2G)EE8


M5%];_1%



M)6$SZU

M'L1P
F#@[%GM1X.
8W.9EOE-L*!H



]E7  O5\@;^MM-GK_EF/

T.1%(P /2:4WUM?V

@



[

M-_
YCRQMC5UX[IKPY0YV859UHQ;H\8;MS_7!'I#\@K0H\]#
KRFO7XXY;#G+

X^RW3CY15!\@:




MI-&$PA^-P7XRC#SJ/VH*/WYBF.1.:S HH#.)NQ=
R@&5.JS?[67O?M0O3SD\

=+JV3ED@RM


C\VF6.2-ZA3



LCUC%XIG4)+N2G7\H(:NLPSJFJ'WH
F]=%

MZN7QB8%Z[[1MC^L(R+ V^VYR7@5@+X-V 4F U:_Q[%5JPY]_U2[DX853R1MG
M_S;1@L7T]4X_W

M.+W/9.#;!1QN))6-_%U:BN+M'C


M6 K\:#YA='[N9QFEY2Q8F9:S0?Y!96=CF
QM'G[QHP
\\==8%V* YQJ5&.LL
ML3)C:DD
S\\]R&'.^I)'_7ADZWV&[M4[]?6_BQ9:W5N8CZMP](EN?#(=/M

=V:*.Q[JJ=%#C
#+(\P^7I)
H5E\O#N
M+!8Q&#F@:
.:%O:R'.3;CCUNANO1?Z\ 8(Q44?Z &E@]2/7!ZZK_.#$P1T3&

MK_-6@O8@^(*GX$.
DB]5$0C145[?_B@NJ/^[!JC3Z8P+X!0]Z$S7_;OBG-7/
M#L9APT'U4[$&O1&

A)F\[2[S@?



M*



MIHP;;)96*5]6Y+[HYOUIT)T





4I&;B@IV




MWU8=+B%F^QJW*4;1RBB(.\T5F0QQF;_F' YU7POD!


@)XI&27M)DRG+E


M\Z?2FWNDE5=*WY6TTGZ?54[]+D(O$






S\?]$5MQ\)H%0FSL[SEF;#0\

7LJW7/HS[YVVIEDUN5]CW1VK


Q3OK4^#+TN%??;R84T
MC;5CVP^;I:?%5FH(R!11/G[;W-]+GCEOJ$%1XHBX!W]#D^3!XF!A+4LVNDQ!

ZF+$TRX$]9MUE+!C3W(AN2*'N4GL

M





MZ-;'/2%]2%%P)  E$&=*Y
/3'%GJB

#_TOBW
V_IA

_Y2NV.OO'X

M



PXR:X
5PNI6_K9WK%LO7E&&R4
B%Y)4&V

M_MG$2ZEC(BO56_AGI]3(!K'\H2R.^T]5MJK[+]8%NNM(30;




PE';%_K=N?M 9?4

M[UG!P1F



\WEJ%P$1G_==CCR;*6?V1






\!C/%DL_



I








R]IPXUUP!K5MPKN_UE9XG





NX@==]TL@&IIP&IDS
@%8%U





H4BE:&S31Q*;G$\IH(K0-GMV5
MOS9X]KSP[RM558D'Q#%$N)N&4).9./QX(S;J(F+N!GA&=-:/9ZW/9XTMK4
MCEN;]F/'MDKCS9QED/\^*GL@^5ACYK77:AY[B_FY=*4[K1#:\6DQ\_[:TL_A








M@ X=]0:M_)U?^K$-7_X:Q]5.QX9W[H?CFJMX]A/K!KWV:'CU3RY457PB&'B'




M



M?IZ0DP%
52N!]]\=MD_@!U];@T)0QN/
5_&]$MWLIP)#-3'GS8AV\ 51DL


C@G_8(?OJM/ 0\STU\

A!X'
_

\@#A:D+O!J%VD!U# MD=9

(6.]0-A(X8 I $.2YTG-0IK^;9#@

9?.OVF!T!]5/9QI!_'+-
M/BK9%QV_DRN^BJ(B30^5IH?*;7JHO

MX

OYS3


=O)'36=;S7O%'




&(^ZE1S9Y!0#FO54E


0:1 /)+G'$=.,N8D
M\:#A)OLG?)%5^#&C.V78JD[V7&0LCW.@K]#:'8.W^[40_:98]R#T93K8-N;
M.DD.YG?K*-8YG(
&[VZ$=Q_/Q&-X5$[$@(1FN3




[(1VWT2NE
[L1[ 9^2[.'NLA\YV8\YYJ[?.
R$PQ6

QSY3W**P?.
M



M4K
US:L\C*B58% GRWE(H^Z7;N^XNW)SE'O*JJ3O4V0W;7!()9P7^


M/IYSY@S]2XDAXZWU+]]V.Q^/=P\_Y%'@30KWZOSU96O]MX/-SQ_H[OO?.QN'
M_QQLO#D?0_[(M[;?=7;788R'\

M?*[
*)4I:.TT8D0+Q+6@R'%/D.4V
)*PPZ[$D
DEY0._6VGTNL#WH-MK/VBI
MVX#5P4K(:47F!6B


:8C^*=ET+A*[K3#YK$%JL\-!ZKY
S*'R#3C=IT]GIY2[#UW$9&H
M
V(N#.S:.(6BZO#MV<6C0X_F0[/E3LJ5
4Q0Y
M)H@;D9!+)B'07L





$HNF

@C1D([@CCV!ID0+.))DD9\JQI=67
MF/SPO-HMA.L?Z;^&%_+2RK

M)9Z!6Y)K-6D?D%$!%@_3E+1:6E7+A-PY^'F+
@W/)?CPBM7^*3(W&[6_G=IO


MS6_#5^;JPTY6ZL^V[0[7NN'M9+$:(G
S(G
Z[[](F@PX+3FIVY3J] 3!2AH4
M/0_2  T5@B^MRF7*%[H=9K



+SA

^S
MX[HZF+P#/#5[K@NLTT]&.!J=OD^=GE&.8 &;K17 -I1'/#$
.FT=@F8AV$A
M45IT&M^DZ^PSV*E=:,IQ^\2LU^'V/$!FUAS4-/D?MP 5,D\4E+!)!&L19M$

8)^(-:+IFG07&:\[3$G3J;WV(7^[G$
M)%ZSXC]BP*)1_'M1_+E


MK&(



D




M(C)
CN-&X\N/$72E(.@Y
UY_IM2*HNS*C_$*N?*S[UV6XA6LU+4N^X-PUPU.
MG'TG %;/_A.1;_6]SE9W:V'_#$-_&:A;
51CY:M:8

'J8J+=3

:SS;_/

MXAHK:CU&41N
.)
469ZK?$7M@B4X&

S(W0.Q$BW8


CSF86X<,QE&F.CFE&O:JT26
Q3@UC8/H@]4!X^&


/('98R#RZ5P_+!PH?(K$(BY

#4Y6+= 6GB'!)2

HG_BGY^8:SS_@PK7

/-[<V#

M:#$6 B7
?6*!4T_YTBI?[*K35CPA\5!)ID5^6DJ5+U9^^OMW]6:;UJV/9+
M*:EDU]F\AN5Z

MD]Q*1X(F[+(X89?-7LX^'
' 7#N.P]+K

MA:


C3- +
@Q/FFY^-F&RL1&W#$J!C1#&
6$P1U(F
MB[@FN7 #U@BKZ
'N4R.\+[61[[%=T#.H+O^#@%:#J0VF+C;9;C#UB4*!V6D.

6O8%QG_8=UPHNC2


M;QK



M8L.0PC$=1U*+M.828::H-D&JP)+_[_)5M_].B;)


43XX4WY]%Y^Q4I0+'Y$CA F
M
$
Z*H&XHUX&6F+I[5H#*=JM7]?6&\(8!G9$46N+F!(EH!!LO24^1BM4*9QY




M4KB@G4=169!ZFGMDC* H%9NT3$?!B+AH2W

!=8PF[L
M!O\#PW=4K_8]6+X+&BG
[56/W@B0;)3:;/]IFSL]ZH*.FNKJ51DAZP2R3<M9B07#

MD?.H#T(/WJ@SVM9#'050F].DQBFQ[F$W@%%^U;2:7.C9@U1_
CZJAI-#F$-*


F5F_0:UDSLQ@5'X:GJ@



MJX]X8#9[ (NF7$-]EF4-#5M)$F7S
TX/?0Y14P#JR=,+;.]LJ_N_P%%R
MZA3)=*^ K\_#7#;

?%O#

MY
!E*9J7#[9Q6(5\76*:?*L[5UCK

M/EY%'M.U3L(#A



M5S6(BV;C@MWR^UGSY=
^L6'N=:U02M8KA8;*A:NO:0)IUTS12<DP'D
MPH!3Z9FYF-LJ<CC#/W9!^:WAUUXR3Y;6;JI?VTGO2ZTAUX\ [4S7NBY^$T/S
M.N  R@\NJN17]SM;\FDOB^)E6I=GX;&$= GB4TFF?%X]6+]%ZR?9N&G!6_^
MRE.+W4. ^D;ZA$PL4\P-WUQWE!
ZWJZ\TH^4\9]AC9L% [1CO-\Q_JC.R\85


-:F;=:-9/:O4NGYNTR_@3RS@W7%]
#==V'7]B'2]?



1)+
M9KS(




B%HSA@'

M*I:M8ODT%4LPGRTEGK(R8I9@$--2&VZL\;&T5K6*Y4

%#NL,WVC1887H,(_2*5H:I199(GUB.%HD-$F(H^Y(:7F

MN62(*M1(Q0A@I'2*,&4&4$J6V:-!U0/G^8VX
MM=/BR*8%-K0X\O
XLA#)H$H=



EQY
#A0)
M(8A)4R)E6(F\

R1END??.!&R_1W8/K%2 W!22Q+
M@8*)P/2!:*2=T



M^
&=J3YJ;%AGX':+#2O#AH4X[I)+S#FSB(*:!MA .#*
$U05NA4P,6EVHB

M'$B)Q9T3TK4R_DEAPSH3TK78L#K]?R'*FBBA) 8ASR@K$=CQ&FDL)






MHLB



( P;AYAV&AFF


M&-
8 =H'9+W4

M4H+.0:)'ABJ&RIA2V03!@B\!#W1'L@=^RKH1&3$V.19E-XR+OQV:[N#O16\X
M&A6  VDEAJ

\)])]Z0?!N.[)


M1 (P*EV)?32!;;JWDWKI/T4*)R'Q


M6$$


M #YXM*!38*1]5XAK=-U&D=):7'*8GSG*/E6GWA47+^6)*6Z]?
]7C&]39J






M;;R5YYN$.M,E='PBJ
]'D(@Z12.I#K2$=A$(N

MP\BJTF*T


L0(5TA)GFJ1@.Q6PKBR=*WD


MMI2. ;;+


Z(P!:B%BU43^/!F4*^(B0Z6*
MC$


:$(
D8()(B'W12.28US]?6[JWTK
M9Z!?''C:(FF+I)L=0M

MA8P^$G.BC4 EY1BQ8 TRG ED2 &K!GM-( 1X9U27$;JFQ=/W70;@&U!=1?
I4EM%J07B](SR-9(^Q+M#H@#T(6,4H=@K\PTI1;2W 9<JJ








M;\CN2UU^^I^CTO4_#







M6VPS?#4]V%UH


PFCK6BWI6HK[@7:U
93ZYZ0:

M#6DM1Z-N[

M:!C1)-%'NG=:4_+E)WM=8[N][O@L32!Q$@PZVQI U+ZP0 :#Q*1' 9JPX; [
H^WR^<??^]*68TFXTB


MF@O3L&#^S3=I[8$T84( 0V/S+=0LU
PH@R4L]*0Q6K^ 
&D)#YHNQ;IF'H
MQ&9)WSP&/8 .AZ;CZ9\

M]T#)R*-+_#2#X(;VE^#R$8O


QJMQ_2'U3B#
MT?BH&DX.CQ; )%E%@

M*()(QZE^*!(R&14U(:I4I+HKIHT6\D:OXU.0$8G*I02XRUJ#1E]W)M



!%(*.)6(J








MUOWV^51OK7S
?P1?O$@WH0]#\6Z6M*C2[$?JOZOOM.RT6VLZIQCPPGE0K:*
MNUQ'N5V\XL:*_NODM_&6EFXM9'.
7[SD^HLF.K[XG[*L V_SM@U?YF8%;?2

%T&3(1.0-65$/&J)F=0DJ%0L;(N7

YXJS1R);/)

M?(N0M1[\_0J*_^^6YV_%\S_G1&UY_A?P_%R=-*45W&.%?'0&
8XU4L0)%'T@


M5QZ ?GQP?O0%=&SR:?O-^0'HSY_^NE@!;X?NO-YANQ\/RMV/'[J[QV]/=\_?





^/TNJL$G98@A/**VT0]8E7X Q.L1 K+ B;3J]?M-C


$B7

MT4HI5=0Q&JIOI4NN WO:C;[]1AL;(RX=1=@[!1NM*=*6*53Z2$H)WQ)UC1BZ

MZ*@X
:!:YG)U_3H?:%





-

^



___NZ\$O!

M/'O*A8












+



M6ABZ%0R]O:A66!VTPCPBC=/M%ZTY4K2
R-BRM*KD%#8WJ164MBZ)1\S3FZ!6
MM.S\

VNN5:16MM^*V6@5OO17W

2]K%D@



MWM5I4^I4)L.4&@1&-
^Q

=Q:2K@5)<!\/GLOHN4L%3M(=3Q9%FT0R+L/1A87$:JX[/G<NMR
MG-8*\[D5;R[DF\V0-+HA)J5

=R&YJ]JW+4TNRJ

ISE HH%E


M
G+32[!E+(P'()?%(-P0)*UDL6'^
L9P 4X.W0)%^WH0A=(![0N2MXT%1G
M0!K#R3C)I]YL$5

(K58G+P?PLQ2-S;T

M&11[;CP$=$U8*CM+-'4ZG7]AJ^$7



MWYTDF3.

',\![:*%^/:$$I^G&;@LQ8ZA1V.CQ8&#O 
9E /7O8I







M'RZ%XF
RN:I!\1X8&E;]KV19@:%6RY9DV20?1MUK=F

M@W_? _





MWI7+]A^\]U0+ \NV


M!9U


04B)!?^#I
V)M%
PCO
GN1]:FYV)L&&\1:+(+(
M:#CS!+3PY/=KPA]@F[J-*3&:&MJ37BU5KY]3O$0AT^6YL%C7;-N/;!90^V#$



9C10XT1ZWX:0O(I%R#1-'@PBP=-,!\GF)P+NC^R8$PY=3T




\]&B%
Y;
M
AUR%E?)'YYVM#X.Z!1313Z+1V*S,XS FIMFK2G!\*3DT\W%VSV26:9S3
MRR[I_WV5,[K?]6@7X&/A$).


VMYB48FR^AAFESDLY]P/!*ZM

M;)#@#!@5%K23&@C)Q5JC6B
HIO?


TN#.BNQ=73@S[
!


E

M(?ET_!;ODH-O!\=_]':W7Y2[']^4!Q]W^
YY[VCWX[]ZGXZA/?*OWL[9A=B#


M]DQ./5;3M S77.[

M2H%ZZ?EK@[@
:
L74PD$ BS
=%D*PZ@.()NIU-PR(ZCR-'Q^D\91TN7@K?(B


9YU\!
.=S[*W&]KQ%



//_^I
MU_O;U=.]=LU
4*_W)6 :L^6*
MD_E:(/^0'__E%_J%M:M/NKW3HUSNV<


M').;KW-G@]SDQ/48?244SSGSEY]
Y@+KH*\/AGK

RF%
DI]
M-Y_!$OQ8K);X&(AZ0(4Y


MNGK9\*T7\^VB#NNQ6Z\.





 9O#4CX^!A;L
MW*];$O-*#?U\Y $D#@[[9I\;;B*G;L.!Q?2= .?_^.9;V*[;?& AE/Q7M'[)


MQ#

MV1&8\':QHYLYIO?L:J=T.LQ&!8F$+CJDI/%3WW417S$[^:6A/:L@46VYSHQ@



M





^E-L'FBM$
H.3
6Q/\$,OM)FQ3P<SO^98
MF'OA._W1
J]8W5$3V@469^(@6ON-M*IRU8[_7
\FU=.B_QP=1) L(L/'1+XF


P=-%

Z!Z7LM1HJWM3;[R#$M6ZH1MZ9NY1
MTR!$#%I8?+RY?]5)#8&N82Y^1F]-%MO6K$KG; STO-44R:T%[-WL[Z9+G.\%
M*!VH(5
BJK[OHGM



M6F]CSK&U

M

MQ7.Y0_R.@AMQ@SK5!4@A23EN3G0]NQTB%J9%TK24N 
Z(+S95+]4GG+F?R*/


R7 =SQDKS B'^V)S\T%C((4\<<9 &5Q2OA/^\8PLQ!8==S+4XJB<M,\W=2*
MJ3_S\.\^-.#FI<GI-AE^9:!^JNO9C=MK$5HHH\/=WW1'6($8]22+UZ5@O'?
M/BI^/MZ\

M]2
A%KR;DAS2DYS@ _

ZO0UP0<J7AF
M\@)8'QKFE3BE0OK6O=/418X3+ZN,/(]%\<$]0S3;J+1B5^%LO7E7OO/]&]10
M'A:7 U*Z/;FDK3=@PHDIH] K)H2#[]GKD[Q7N%#1BLCWU: 6^S4(OCE&ME
MJFK





.

MD6795:P3#

697BCXYW7
LI@B<





MO.JOV+'L\&X[Y2PLA[J&S][U)Q./+ZF$H\R15Z1R?+\$'&(F:JT)A?.%KB

MS
(ER*F @$E25]N;7
*2XQL:/%'7KD*KR
MW@_X33R_8N<%?P5GL%!/OJL+V=N Y0$\:;S%(XCX5^'?Y6NW%3CW8]$6HF?A
MKM,BJ_%'






M#=PW:%K7[^()=&1^&DR]$\Y]G0\H[%):__;/&FV^&2A/(:GS)F&:OO6F_

MW\6/]CV!&

@%-'CNF1513KX$/F
M=X#,1+SK__Y^^G)L\^X6$[GL[]]Q__





9\M5F*4ZP'+ZE^7ZPQ_G*:S6
M
G\4U[-[OU%_@HNO0?T(N #)__S[

M9%I

MA;.
^?I8A\YYMIR?3'-E]HMP4I7V[B/B:GF8#.Y[6%N9[ 3Y4D9UZ(O!3^;I



[&Q1(%
M#ZG+'+?N3G):R1ZODC/YHN,UK


^B2+24(YW8


AG6]
9BZ%91Y]0!Q]U
M%W?M-I!C)_:/^3Q_F9Z<3%)V*FC+2&6YT'I</#BO!52?2!H4N6 7'_LP)BV





!B(@E$;< S*4 3I(Q1RI)['U=N!=;27];*:=H##$A1S5SO [ABVBR?8LT
M.EK;V[L8D\'5E!





7Z@B+3YWF!HMB$


MHC_7\
'_ZD#R!WI9SP.N9V2Z7PW[ LM\


M3A*+O#AON6!=CNRW8!E31&
LS+QC_1ZIPF;&LUM?A/+Z]\_X6Q)'C
&0?




M=\9W67+OAS2F6&\']MSCD!^KFW;6QB-S94$6
HH1N*RE.21YF
Z2R1R-XUFF


58XBL\_^^;V2[M:B8F8RG*14!M:*%WTH&+M;V%LB7:PC/7

BVY!IGKS9%8$AD;M
TS


M(+-=8C*[@!M5AM.36U '*JU?!]Q;MQY(JB4FLM^\#@84]^L(;X:HO6)982@F
M]V#2([C&5 %A( ZUU-302?VH990H
W!;5TIE/$3K ^A$;H&(OF;[C3NIW_[!

Q^$ET&F;(-P73:TPQ)TW1]KY3E2'^U
MG\O;!V]+[7;[X_0SYG
$N[#(_[%8U$=[[<L+_FM!XGHU_S*;:&\DYZ% \;29*J1Y1U8\
MT()H5##!*-4I5_HVE)VCNP/QI?C%-+NZMGI?+&:_L]:,F_+[9ZBDZQ5(@$
M0A;:(2TBN&08A.XU):A5'TJACT(:R?_
'U T5U=]^K3 -#T7_2Q?AS@1
MQ%DE)*OI.+566@S@Z)/:LJK8$IP0V4$_0FG6@S6.K]4'Y5&Q5UJM-B:48I



M;CEN@&P&,_1Y0ZK

N92\ZA*.WP/CF/+9AV)8)PVVH]CM
M5^#ACA
3=


M

8C-&=
V.7C'
M8\ZT

/.^K\QFD)_#XKR*\Q%O


M=9K_


^?
FZ_8@N\^^[5%T.\Z[&
M

5C:BI4*:69W4Q


9TQ'TP ^XM\W*XY-O7 /HU?/DIK' Q#2?KWG5GGSZ=U/
)&ZV*-C/(
M2%A4R!Z\X08R\]GYXJSF??EP#[ Q9=U9T8+;72H$S5?_/9FML[!6XGD1L;






=
AIU'
M&U.HHA43;E3(:2[R-A67;L *GZ:K\SZ%;\AONG2?)IP[F9W38*1BM2TPP;)!
M @LB*FV


MV6







T
M^92D(Q;AA'


U/R-:U9\Z](J^CZQ/WN




U=9]62F
MPA

.T5L.18J0.#D'P=Q:Y/\0CO.Q6M_77]Y'S%T7N6LV*3)K

M2?7@S*@
OM[%3






M4N F!

=UI&A'E]M7C4U#N9O&7H$NV

4JKA M1L2[=(0X%/*9[56


N!6BR$#SVNDWR&6LZN
M#?G+8OYYNB3P+W&9;KZH398N/S7-N+;;8Q.,CU@@JV:1RME-41VXRVJ2VW
MP?%R3@OF[(S
O@^^T
]


M&2U5GZK

ML(
FVBRM^GR@2T#7ZJA-

B$ZM. ^R%0K9:\

.%E2FY:K/UE
&..

MU'V+6P_=-=]3;X*\Z+1-^&ZW79J00)@
VH&.M!8K9 7HIUHM223%@R
/L%.-

M

MC6YSB=F7#%DEPV.]D^KT(
3;'?
A;W.\NI#%N_CW)<Y@N6C7 NLODE_3S=+5E!3U9
MX6*VSFSZ:3J;GIZ=TI<GP1<7TOPG(Q8E3D#%ZR&Y&(BRP)O'6CZ=Y^64=


0+7==82
0I8K4'-
M SC!#


M3UPAK2

MDBI:PWCT78738A9C

MUA=3'D)(2F:OG+==CEGWQ#FFHYT!F==$;;VY]?.\;BJU6W8\P8U
7N&G!:;S
M?Y_$&+0ICH%CB=Q;]%A3G!(H&:/ALF0?N]R@.Q#OF$Z!N1:4S7VYMQYW^3\
M_\Z6J_,02DS1R_HN(*]Q%(&%W@4K04434 66F.X2W-\1WYA.B0;DU%%J:G/6
MN,52IC7U%O7?_KAV96)(O[U\_NOK=\_3:E/X*B:#WB%)P9+^E5,(D

M&





.; _M/OU69MF3='=83?GC$RY4+!6W=US22SF9:J'I:&.*

TW'O4




M4RR/!E V]*E_1&+GW__T_P%02P
$%     @ W(2-4GZE_DPT5P  I80# !4
M  !C=V=L+3(P
C Q
C


M\\Z5!/2O O[_OOTWGE%G:1VC_PFF+7T6K
LLT;? #93@[6K0R7CZV[_5?R(L

+8./I8@G3]/D!]/B\_/2'

S3941&/\5I)7A#C-M&
M/Q[SI[%8Q@*7DV5#Q'?';HIW=@'CE@*^







M(ZT

*%IJ;H

84T(X)V

M 

MR0)_)&^7(RD,AJX1!:\\N262\.B+IXAQB=L@:SWVHMKRSE HNX


MC//%6GZO9I/)#[/Y[S#/(V-

J-3C%[H)*SI
?



M6#+\C$L2P.QB9:B.4*F$2D?F3
E


M++_-'N[UN_?87*)(P3



MGLCI[F:EW0OMO*G76#5WR6-[DF?-;E6

M:N[\5:MMHJYRQS7_EC %VFCR9K%H.HZB(*\4^X9=T6BT5DJX]P+-#$S\T*

U(QT&LJ2)6@ K/1)5KA







I6Q!OU4[H(+1Q010-(()4T:1L8M$Y*H=;A'L][&%+6)7.

MUW=8W\Z6RPF^F/W^JH92C@+M=YZP2PJPNT45@?%,84M07)1HU/?V\4^W
MFC;5T/6VDIR#0WS%:2_SR:7%S3/%V/:._(G;_+/VBZHZ2$3L9H!C))IDWD


BCY=;PYBH&]2:E3=S
O=QOMX






Q/91YV3)O]8#]+BO8_Y$G79

C]].QV6<8+I\EE(]NJK)<K/).(T/*T%W_X -HU_V
M0+X1 9-\M%9D*%&2MX\A@HN\.X@DZU2<#1X#AUDWDWV)]?!(%TX:[36*'/(


&6I
M6$JAXG.:!3(1F'2\T

?84+G'_ [Q?+\47-
M%?D%YXE^ V]Q5-!PTBVO$-@9+]P%FF[9!)$DM)29MU_':L?0


[KK0SGCZW7AR




1GZ

IV_'



M!Y[S(T
+P=_E0SAZCYA

MHFO-#A4*+6-9


C]T;BWL* XW+9'XY4JF7BHB4/EHG@2SU31W)J
MG69%1Z=*(@!KW0#S_K)FPO=_NQB)][


M'@]C?3CH[5^A_+G2.7T,$(&0!5.U^JLF9527W9@PD1 8K
X^2O(;SXH_


M'B&^ABOL'3A2.ZT4T5(B
JT#;22Y-H
E;T6G4C)W0\(;GX86=VRL'92XA]0:


%0U2\UQ9)&^9*B%

M!-=X@_P)_K@!1'



M3W_$TUD?LX;['#5==.]MN/W^(TO;N ^6_K*LM*ZDAZ8%'%6E3!D]?E
C'?

M3CK8*P_B+#%E2


J25:4


IGNVJO$
MHO.*&1#9


C+IZR2-RPDHQG/L6A0 5 /J[Y??S3




/ENO(#%LKHLT_QR^0[G
MSZ%B7G[\OB;H7=^9UM)?/L122SLA;;-9
F\29PJCU4%KN%-=I5%A]#U GOZ0
MKZ%^-\N=]U+.3E^B2_^RJU/LVP\?U@[H^D\;=OS9BF:CJ8_TO!0IBU=%:F53
M-&0UH))5ALXE


0FT!61OL2L\@A<@$&0$^H#:N
M##L*V?6$T^]5335\NS)<RGVN)T<5N\T\V2X]$ &'M%/YT+^?HR)*7(<8W3%

3+N79 (Y!&X+E6M
M[P/5NX#92;C13.J/7;JLGEC^


R*DHM;N-TIKYXB.+(B6!M(7X
MV,R*?K2.5U-Y\-DV4.A5[P: N-
J^7LI8$=A58.$5_':CD^IPPF!Z9BC$P'

[#:T8=VC*08I&R8


B@5$K[H#U'

MH_N'/C85^L;8M=
9N=3T

ALW?/SQVFZG



GNR79
M2 ND8$GJ&M3F@44;=<T-Y2+R#S($UO[CWDEU8T.]QK%QZFE@R532Y-NB. Z



C@=2+Q^''/O(O@


RFS^.\SS;
.

M\\/T^ZFC\2$*^_S'#36P ]&F2%U.8)5'-$5C(0M+&9Z*E






X-Z3K4C8@I43KA:;]%T!@$LY8'D


3$N.-).
M)2&\8@FR93J1Q^&U,(P;[6CJ5&;'90ZS_XSMB?48_LPM@QNG7Z@/CH$M^R$





X*PC&XW

A1

O/G@?C,IT??732@38O@$RW::[_]^/%^_GLPVIS


E 6B /T:

ME0(:GNZOCI?^3J ^PCS7BH[77V^A+\K(5:#E+D;A:M-#P4 4NZI?)- I#9L7

U 5+&Q-8K(544T)5^Z

MCW.9K2


0P8F3DF40%OL3<IR_R?C#/CR_]M-0G\ AYL4/

&(QE !^


&-

LQP5\L!I


M3Y:]EDN(%JUD*B;RWZ  X20=1ZEX



@
ML[\W??;12:?

Z1#Q4
M0UMR]@\0;T

?#X*


[0VJHI1R7;)8=P$Z:V^OB19.Q(XK
I4E'@[GK
V+%KHH$








2Y:]A=S!X+R-Z$:6S1!</6^!=@%[


O
MF44-AJ-):^


:Q=

M
BAZ%V+M,0],A!.T?YD,;AI

_
MT7MV
9LOZU71\]EB^2TLR/ 76LM@#)ERM&?7L%Y'IIP%)M#PPJ%(:[J$5.\+




:V)DGKDPPR0R-4%D
 2N+;



&P5/W7:%B-*$.0%F0!D&7!;6@E
6X









MX

DSE9&'@*5D


ML5C=N4J
2I:06.!0(\YK12]3D 7O
]#ZB@#YQ ;Q)L;'#[EIRY+AEO)1VCJM

)4_4L$Y-H
M@RNT:=C0YV;\*7#MX3#G)TFU?736NL;/M_///6N#(N]3%


MHNQPY/]F#ADO8/[;-9Z


Z;M-




59[-+BHM:I;N9!F\^^0O4X


@FU!N&2 YG2(!+L+9O#.%*+/1ZBWM7?-=3
71R;C=^5C H]



M1EM'/+*[

^.=9-$+

KG ?$W.Y[.+B_&RXOT!
M;[;]]5['*%QD.1?B;*Z'7YGQDWUHP)(Z[KDB!Z
^)R(=!JU=4CVNPE\Q*7V
M)LK$T-2Z=S7GD !P@N:M5N!B[).:?A/$N;)B+^%V;^Y.\\2KIO
Y9

M\$1 Y(SXZ!G9C*H 9
YY%U-L%Z!S(D 3H7?OT7ZSH?SK94U'OK$^2:PMR5UB



M%:5'14










\EB

\]D2/@Y BY9$ED!J@[G(

Q9/V A
M1$F

&C88D'4:Q./&XVM]E!@N'/

MARE^]T//D0&-1-S]D'PCF] 5$^

M9TMZ-!=[A^BI;4G'5[Q=Y1Z;#-Z76/-_!+DU9!/YQ#E+/)E)I'@ITOW_@SK
M7&C13/1=KEFW9*//INDS0U%


U

EB:





1B%U
M&*RQ5@VP[S[OV=;GM6B2??SNNKRD/EN:!4X-^B\R@J5QD*F2^(J6)%CLK;
7S?9]2.@:0M?NHX&1[):SUL6J

QA)E\FR%J3CD?&LQ

KMD(]U[#[Q_1\X3^-%O0_[!X[?OEMB?O8!Y_ 6




_LGX?N280O=C[X3:CK#
M5^/%;S_

*TN]

U0*[

/C<3^TZ#HDN=C*'Y
MZZO/K0
UGB7ZX7&5-!H\]1'J!0R5P4:VN;2H.8)W08$NB4/*EJ
DNS4;EST





([(J@BPZ
M

IYTMB;7D3I(?ZG$H'SR1*XRJM??EP7/<7

7U77G@@&X

DZN


[&6P;IJ%V'D2Y61
M)FG-P^@!O




N!&
B$$C\**4E*74F2[(9TA
M91K)O\.9YJH6[R_S&3D4(VT5[1!*


M 
! N *2^VQEEY3R!W=(4=::J)#YY(KC^$

M@M')&6[[%$0?!.\


/7+=52K=3FK59U460+317KB+2^D4ZD5
MDHDZ]

MKA8T -







=UXDU# :B+^YK ]/B'EXT-/(




M)E


-=\-JUU6N/GV=(TGG
*./:74?6:?#
















M:2L4AK_]1CZ[+B[X&!UR'945K%;I%I1
(NT





MYG=DT051:W$\%7)C@NN0$AH@/O:K4GEP#=[;1_(@;K:.Z/ : &WSHK?_#J
M6YZQ7)1/7H)WF?8I80A@P02!^\)1B60V
Z(/90M]MX8,%; #5/C]P\_)(7

B@!RF8.2XD@&/*WV;AAPH( [I+=OQWCQ

227Z8#.'I&B;59%


M3A_FB_KCS.J

?=L'O3%


LS$]6LB[0\N(5VMBUD& .LZ.F\;LA.-T6NAO_V<
M.$+X$[BW3P ].=9.:05

3H&)7G@:*('I[-$*[%XVR4[96)6[!NR-RDIQLB\
M/QG68V(Q2Y


MN3A?1
R#!K&/IL48D&=C6W333(=V ONQKG[XY+^N/Z0A@+OVK1J+^$2]K+J1


M\\K#3] 7J:\^Y@V%.;8UPL//]9_@E_G/?_H?4$L#!!0    ( -R$C5(W'
[C

#(P
3(S


MDD0!%



81C .__*]%#_\^S\!T
!1+.?RLU3
M_/VWS^]/BB0_FRM^7LA;



MD&:0LHA#Q!6&3% 
29BA
)59FH9L5FV^RS.Y@'_[LA9;/_OX@W]PL*0Z
2
+


4/LP^RF_7G]7BTJO


M:&G'-H




JC.;;&@BNP

2[7!.N




TC:1V.@
9*8I3&D2S


DWK(UH$Z*!-F








$LFR+$4XB*(%*)=E82@F2B$Q)_5.:
M.862NH1-C8'^GB_D$RU$59&82#DHYPO:_ =4[B[$+;C&E^X#4PRM9HM7+N*

8TN[]-'LA

D2RF.81(*97+8 XBQ-(4$XXR@

M
?:*T#*^OL@AF*E0QHS#@
MAK
$B2$13(]/$J2!S
(D#I3;80%/FKG

Q\--?W:C-
MUQ#:L=\+#



^L']D1\KYW2)
^R/LEM+KAE5G
MVJ[EH\9+S76S;2_]UO'6'@S^Y9[.YZ]6I7YX66I7?\GS^MOU84G7T7O-W#QA
M2!
W-]7JB$0!C&#0@E!,LZYB -K]CXO;VK,76L,UBJ#'9V!4=J!8BRPMB!L
MOP@.3-9GP.M#U!8H.IT7S1'(NB+474C9WN
.HG9XC'CD;*]37N$[';[^K1
MY:?E/.=/S9]?Y??JE3;FCYF*0RJ92*$BH7:P$\XAP
&0X:RA*9I(*/
3W7H
MXPI


TX_\3(6Y&_7+<ED[O&UAK_++<BYF


_I_2
(\Y

MQIAA;^5Y;^ 7XJE7B-^HD_^B/!RH'T2Y07:C$JDEZ/VG&@]/+%'R/-?)C+








M[UYIFJ

M
#XHDCB8H
O;4K^CO*ZN_2O]GM^O[INFS687C^HII#^?
1IPS*F 
HX11(0+
M2(A^.^ L)B()E(J1
?#Z'-07-=VQ6RH!MMGY;]8 VY;9+H:=%L_HV<A



@












70W6_#5WZ7IZ_M9

DQ3 @.##M$E*(N1!Z110EL8J3-&+
*?9C
M)W=J7D2M7X\PLBW



H:CGNOP
M:\&T#GT


3=ELRC+
M6
0R#I7V^R%2+(&
X1!&G



Y8
2_+ALP%@OWPT:?5;I(W^7');J




)I#*QS& 9!=F!B6ZL-?EPK_I-9%#58;Y7?/7+M-7'!

1.QRE@88AB3((*()PQ2&B)-=H2&F- X5G2VD+?F079TYT4OJ]E*

MX1Q#))( 8I92R#*2F+4V@5QBE ?DS(U]W*K)*BU= S^'@72,CQ[*3Q#!U?


^
QTD2
M49;D%$42(%)!0QBE&(DBP#$/DYH=$C4]G^I3D2]

E@LP-\?S


LBWFW=PQ )*#4XCQ*EH0/V]!
MK!6V2+/I!:)#8QR_8([4'.=24-T:Y-A#U-DDQ^(QXS7*L;=IKUF.PVW]7+?7
MRT73TE%_?]XO/A7+6Y


DGY%

M6+\@68P4$@A!3DTM@U0S A&




A4@YA@%&+3 Y@HE4(1$202

O;7AAHS[?L9)X[WN8AQ*&7?O
MXJ25!SL6IZ_LW6V-2RG*=UHIDQA[H]8=@TP#C39;=I8@FB89ULM^'

QB$.SH








*Z'F9

G+<^=^_:4+?\D:Q0?;WC]OL\XO[
M3
*HW]'CUCW_.IZXJL=QUM?T4:X/\BA$
Q8'


M\'G$Y

M&N;


M?TSHU+CY


MLU0&BH4

;;#3MF=-X$EL[FO&!V


M0^_H=('GLTS=63#\5JD[+6[D(G5G[3ZL47?^EIZE%_3*JFJK%^\D\G.).3')
M2#A 2/L6H3#)2!RB

2)WUHXG+T1HM[.0


:#9G!5-[5;C\W/\BMN@ )F_S1=UO?:G
MDZ2%XP+JHA&
%
G@!,H@E_CC)NO%.&FB99B8PD$5D[@F\7EG4(1QZ_M5XO
M

98AU:](I0DV

M$VST!+6BF^*+'CNK6@#BM6%JE[QQ^Z!:6'[0WM3FGGZT88(
VU.1FYW-&:$H
Y\3P[G+^W';S*_O=
.RO6C+.BM_+@R


K:_KL;)K=C/]SSO :410AE@F8XC2%$D)2<<\HC&
MI$LSD*WEX;J9-CA5






D-O

WC2RH/]P--7]G0$*^U
WBWG^HZR*11GSM%L
M*@O&/
D4QAG4/VBO+E
*8A1%



MRT'\N#SFCLL!J?5XQ


L[(I;)C
M*&:9INXPTMDIOW8)$4BC2/*!;$^4+OSX*DQ;J
:J(QN#L='=Z'JIL9+ !B8
MUEK;OUY@N\.IV9X8C'1@MM8+4/T_4&@OB]?TKAUHT\:U_(NGH[-'(.@\-;M[




/IS-P# .^3UGVJ-RKG

A$QC@)
MP]@J2&HE;6J
OM:M5Y/T;EPM-YM\H35T!
(2J!Z9018 ^$T

M:4$V-_6(9;XJMH4D$Y4JFJ4$AMSD#PNL(#7IQ(1C&A.

.T8[?LRV74IKBRN7Q7[7'R%,<
MB%@%)N<YRO0?)(6,40Y%1M,@%3R5PNEP@T_EID9PV^7*CJH]:ZQ['40[]^BE
MAF9@!NXY*L[.U1#P^?3%O.HWJNLV!++//;U!9/0,.%9WLC)/86\
PO31]GT
MU_FP+



MJ3V\0@K3J; L9=UP;+U9L$Z'V59'4BHD.$

MGW
8W7[-*U.?0 :A3$0



$?,RN<F'
M=I[,,3YR:=]=AB_W=#Y?YQ;.S*3&2::!BA,.44!BB*-4F=5UJ*)(,53MSV&
N




H

'@ZSA:)'*.R(R7[#8+L1@Z!
M';'M,/QU[*(+S\]^V/2+IK$*(\5#&&64FJZZ$F(5QS# DH8\B9.(.775/10Q
MN7F[.03?O_OV$2 M9_!%\ P]C=V0Z7]]L#X08[%;J6\S%G8 RM/'H ]O++?
M_/XL'^5B)=]IG5XO%W5U_=_RZN[UJJR6][)X^YW/5Z;IK

M
84@2A#6[KUDD##&(0O#
) Q)9(X$4 /':;&$93OJXTZ48*?=W8XV!
1V8


M2\8N^SOZ

H;E3-L

M+1$3&@O)64*Q@%G8:9IADLV6\A;TUCMJSV]^-'.:HJ19HH=Z#CD=*NS$ROZ
M';!&?S=B\C1T=A0VXDB,WX5LTUUL6QW[:MVF^JH^2OKJS  Y$Z!?/'U2I2?-
M1B55OV@^IU_/3W?/A[W6WTAAOI7OYO1V1BB-$\(5)%EL\NJ2#+(HX)'41+3

92EJIO%UEUCQ7(^

MH*MQOS&;1

5^2R_.U.%M(D

IBA!)O0DUD8R1!&(E6
16F@L%6='7N14ULG-4J;
MUPU?JPV^&;W!-Y







[+/U[)!;^[I\4?[6GVA)

M0AS2$(8JE$&JEV8*.9TI/=P:BRQIR\PH.-QCW+!9S%W-8%\8?DX'[()2#V

M_KI
M#X$=*8T![
!DU9AP!;:U0VLKKC:-0YZNUMNYY170M@!C#&BL 8TY_KCL4D!]


R+%TDBOX=J^?(2$=^.51=XO;

M_$8V?[]?;
+.K^E#KDEB$W.4 8HYQAE
219#%*8*
I%B&

M7%X?%V\^=CPCWHFY'5/Y0G)@;FI!K/6\:A;K^PMRKUG
9Q'QG

M+3^2R'S^GKYY1)JO=A:KFXS;. J(S*!5_P]
Y


M
QE;;3N?%C$U3MC3LFD Y
0''6!V
X$?B 9W&YS1L9[_YP'HF/GZYIU9K__U
M?

%8ECA0*8
M8:J



_:ZW
MA



C%





PH7$
42 3R&@40Y81

MD3(J89RV\CE;=%S9CRINJCM9O&Y8ISFQVF[0930



$'T -3 O'
!I@I_

M48G@G

FRQG3+=[R[;@921-]I.67FXUW;RRA[NW*=\
M(3_GXE;^7?_P1 NQ7HU(QK.84-/D@Q%3Q8! &J
0AGKJ4XEQ$%![M^Z4E*GQ





1))!*PC3KZ-4KD9+F!:!8BD
M*G

M%K


M-(E4O)+B[\NY?HQIEO95G)&LB!(LC%BJ$
HDPQB(7
8*J)-4QPFD32J43#

 P


D82BGA*B-6VRLVPJ;F%6W4!3OZUAL%

\;;

QQ %)8:(B&H9F91HS+XO0/T/?
MP[7R^TLG3VM/UUZ'?I%\V;7G@-T

M\Z?FS^V
D$G &=4L%*! NWMQ2$F40@SGJ@PB&*59DY'3BUD3HV&7IN!-N6/
MFF(/FHV*O/S#C7MLH+8C'\\ #LP^M;9@HZXFH5I5\'O[]R#$XP13^:Q$3LJ

]2(3


M]91/*#/AE)A!E.%

L


#3'





.9KZ21:OEE4U
MEQ^6WSZ;TV$SJG!(
?<Q#'<'$@M@OQ&8G5G'%RH[0.$#KY[-A]XY%9A]9[3-9UW<C57VZ:T_R_
MZ NK\OUTVN^%'5UFIE@01(2&<





MXR

U</*O3A8G_M[-FS6$MYOFA)_U-^9-\M[
M4W-<41JSAL8Q'&D:9W$D.+ZIX201@5!TY.[RE!4Z/QNA+Y5M$K8%0%OS?*
M.IXS.0FNG2?K [*!N;LG6N[=F,] X;4G\RE9XW9F/F/Q07_F<]?W3 .O4[,V
M1]Q#*9. 8!A&VL-#$4TA(1&&-$HC3H1*4<N9T/VGN[$!*.=!^'MFY#VZ



M9NU2O*7%0OL
Y8




_0]VKFQ2@K3S6:^Q

]HL3(@
N(QA(NMC\+@N



M=


W,;?74NF#;?JE\WHU09JF(@L@8V;F




$J8H2& C*D6)*I6GLLDEX3N#4]@WK



WD]*WD'?C=*7E08L ;2
MW@?N#\\(+K #

MZK
)R*WDAWPAWU?ROIPII&B2

RQ^442P0.
M&





M9Y& B$J])!
L@U(& N&4
1%PUTSYWMJX3(1Q
)HOB-%1!#,N4H@2P2C
MA
%W4JSFTNP$;=0'1O_]3&C'Z+#+<%C&;P<






(T


 5^*;I:3O2.N'7A

JDC9VW8

A$%KKM%W0+G-Z60*TOH.W&
IYC
MV^XXSJB(A(C


L=.\K@]=)S0.&BJXW9W
:E9B*8Z)HC 4)H^39B&D$J<P

R*!J=@6R5=HCCV@!M$?#V#-_ [+-%KE57\\U:
M8;#5V#.


2)&D TT0(B








MX17


 V$OPQ6G;#[)$2=OZ

MJ^IN61B7?*90A)
DTO%P.R94:),B8 8)HFDF:AB)G3?GNWN*FQQ$9;4-::
M7@&ZT;5N.]-\;-ETQA)R._[P!^3 )++%L-;TJBE[7X*MLOZ8Q X4GW1R1N*H

M[;W%52[GN:@CW\VQM6WI0A[3+(R0@A$/A&G?C2$)PPA2J@*]*!%9))VZ&G4)

MY^_I69KV(.EXL_[.LE0&J4H@

Q))Q+&
1
TT==B-:JEO]Y45
CCS
9



M\H7IM]J6!UK; =2RJ-



MY M@E 9&:]]@.A20] WJ2!4D?8#K5D72!:C.
I)6#QJOCJ2+77N%))UN[-DD

HDT!Y;&&J/37\
M

MQU2^ZD&[OUMP




M.*80DR*#C#



M6P?-PKHTUHMZ6Z]F8%W[O&=/EX='6JZD

M&D)]B%K; (P15925


MAMX'-Y: 5ZTMOVF!!*TYP-@#6H
.ZLZ#VWT6V/A3Y+#0'7&J1EH3CS%E;@OI








_JS4J*

M^23GX.H%?=
Y[U;FR&/S9JL;6X7PM1U?]R7BL1,[^M0D6E.8589GK+1RB'



M
I3 5(D(8JPXI)F
((\%(5F!
$=.V[_SPTQ-B0[#(=Y*5?+2


M2HFXB)!8-8/^:PD'$&I4AD3.(TUSLLZ\B+XWM/[5%OT3EXXI^1U?U0]Z1@






MV+AR%E)\K

4(%

MPA@5

MG:=.X
L?]7NX#V-.]
]SN:E[_[1EM
U?[Y;SDC_MJ]&JA$AJBKT@(?2B)$X0
M9#RAYEBHR#'/%

$Q-'':P 9W/ES^-^CJJA
]$V*G(P/0.K#+'P7$[

83GFSO(HQIN1H0]@K
GP

M(E@0XYI1+
I8HP;M<FU'GDJ4F!WH;%@=K7G9#<K0B#4C?T
M:<;5]G4&/*C1@QK^4P':A;8A^W)- UT8#U<]\!+S'EW$3RYX32Z5ZRT[JK
MX,4;^WEVOSU;\M;_N]MN9*W/V@Y-VO$]\O55SJ77R5ONBV8W@NSA

M'J7*.-


A;;IRV8)&NQU-ZL]XANPLP9JTF$G

[_1JC(V2U7X0PA6SV:_Q89K%?


UV5WF @1K2.S 4
M=$]M


G6F
$1Z!Z9D#;LVTEE


9%$M&HRK&T:M_C#V%J




M]^6J_(\4LRC/HB+)%2PD*B#.4@Y)JA3$
DDCS 3*T\0I%RXTPLF]1:JV-LO'

O^BT


($8)?K=D+ 8LD0_

MDG)ZTU&DX*(M[2-\^0-^B[IO*RKD UW]JZW3+BG)I
PS2+.T

7AD/XI1S!)
M4LY


T@2:5*860XIYPQ*


M8A:0Q)$.ROJ1Z78X9LE.YYG8M7N

]QBI
5M4H

^D8#27@NNE=:%%S1R[4!8AB&6.
\YC0:6#

:@@TP;3VM?BH9VJS;L&(0WP&L@Y\#4&/







M)(

KNW%WQL3O<


M=
&93N1
O=P(K1@@4M6O#JD











(I%D
M!2

MEI0#
ILRY'N\X*^@994\ K;_/OZL
7$0K;HJU_J?WNJ_+N[K%=,G
MN?FLOM%?,UH@QG-IUC;&ZY,722Y24T4ANDK203FN;H8!.3?5
_YGMSB;P

M[Z^)[PW8@FW@Z0K:MVTHK.






1



T4W':QISSI:CIC%G/^#K#51RI9]FO0FJ#_4N
/K?RD\.WVMIW<B/Y0_3;?O8VW'[L%QMRO]4R]=F2_C?DJZ^
M_5S.$BJ3--,[-XY2!'$499!E102U&B)49%@1'KL54//X?+$CE--3:][D9L$
M^DV G0@.3NK 
ECCAY4!X


M5\_UL-_-?








61T@IDFO9013BB$E(2&PJ

FAJT



XYZ



M=ZOECU)(\?I);\;$AT43@[&X;P8MY7I6Q$F2)3R&!24$XIAQR%1$(4IB08C$
M-

%C@QVP)_!JNZY\
+\!U5H Z
X$

/HHRJA.RO/







=_0XTQ!V=?
M5*



N#3=ZH;PK=I^KC'?M

M%SG7JT!A:A2M3U:2ZWW84T%22;(T@2)2

*







T2J.+$Q$T0HC?ZLX6\-Z)L




M) UL8&85M

Q::LQ4G4R+R2


GS*MQKPTS0A.$89(+3%)8EADA$#%4I;EB&*46?6][(EC


RVU[83NN;\2;$Z2TSQL2


)DN(-U5]$





M4 @\$R
65-C/QPM
A-W;)#2] []#SA1%-I7B7^TP@Q9TT#H
]AP%[NUW?=RQ
MV_Q9


Y.!Q8
;-

M%NM%M#E=%
OYG*Y

MLI2XU1Z:X)=AG!I%1V74?S;0(:VQM^7UVR_+_BNRGOQWQ&Y;

%Y'W@%
5@-

M'D1.08^O$AI*BY_QXRG$[5VFH

CGAJ;P&#$2H-TOAW*Y0O
MW=GJ[#P/?

=U#@9M










M:(0L9^\TC



\+L
?E?_1?:;FH]]9Z5SU3.(DYHPG4BU2B
MG_ T@TPE

M7?8&W(=@5#A6MJ:I
BW&!:L@03^O7&1(Y4
MGL28Q0V?[Q9B-#;;L?Z/XM+N9=.+G8%?'&U[B -T@1


4M)E&.1:IUDTIQ1T0P6@G*8LT0D

M1U
S)YX5(DJS&


MGN?3HU0IPJ(



4S^_%U4DVS






MXMX$Z]TNA/Z=7/V0'S6JJKKF+

PQ1G94:75E;@H


MY/U\^=

*
CX$]S/JV-#UFNG<[!7\Z_8\-)IY/'
MZ@9^2O:.KDS)JO6=7%5%E%[3=
M.

MLD@(*_6Q'&]JZK/K8GJ ^094J#7-H$$.#'3W!K!=O'=KS0!L#JTU 8CT:@UK


M_

CV/




$#@QZT\&_ S@#PES$!

6'S
MGN@<96KO@Q8=^*O&9RE%W4QVRWPP?H:6<VMJK!7RO2.9:.^_F#)J/_V?+G8

G9Y8\#I6Z2 A[GG1VI)&/DKJL/3U%ZOQT

-(*40B(34 5B5$&)48B)AS'



\^#UX

Z[)8872G9W8^AREKOC??I*GXF\7^AOP=.;[6IE
M$NB/G[.L4#1#B
 






MA!PB25*(*9&PD S#A!=2[UG3A


_RO5,LA0SKO1VL4F%8*0D* TAAF2JHA%G%FV8CJZZ]3T







]R)B57109E
MH@J(BXAQO1&+,EQS!!+TC3-9PMY;X[=/\F-G7C9C6WU8!7U@_4,P7/FGU
M4-6MTL^2UJ_'Y5H_:H%2MVG1




D@U@2
M!%F4&L]AS.
T%CR+GH]NP*8FGTB &M(5=[9H
9:+/D#=AW'Y\; QT[(3M/
MC]WB9DC2!U:?@R8B!OL-V$U  Q^T^

4YRXF 48ZQEL$X

.C%V;Z.!Z![X

M/CS*Q;H^.UZM3)B V=Z_?MI_1

Q7J-'1(C,JF+3X$BG]B:KQ;-L,=;%
M@LWIV;(V!SWE@Z =*HJ@)/DJX<W6#S;VEXVP*


J$YG#312OUL2
MJG




MO2D?Z

MZ


M4T1S!!'$/.09(6


8EY
M3$0&

M
G%R- ;-35U.\GCJR#2P6U;76W^1MP]8'=VPB


M8




M)%D202E92F

N

N@!7.Q5Z&HPIH+(EG+KUXS*DXGDB&54%^['U7!E[WJU/7X]O

'



6=Q

MF1@K5':8&7&

_;4O




0
_##;A/43P

52+P=PEF/
A:!NB5/60T]M
MZ=HB;\+.-798@0=[]'6(^EH_*L8 US0J^TFQDYAAJ!Y8=0*R[![/Y4Q8T+@N

M);-FIW.S9G\7/[E[4P6+5U&T=;CL[7;S?;DJ_R/%3+*$9#AG
\X@5BA%!:L
MT,LX2O0^+BH($T[:UC'6U(3L31-#7\&\:?X$=(?7/ZZ^BW [[0I$X\!U3!8

$/.UK(IDE0





M^WE0A\T F*&


D)7+.=
P^A


MS(J8SM59]QW&6Z)967*T3K.[(D0CFX\E9:9AW]
;$\F\V
PHS4@JL( R1@SB

M43BPPIXT?/FXI^_-%?IZ=F^YQ
IP35E.1GS!7BN7K.]NH7+Q*D_GY5DOZHQ)

MS;CCMXLF T$_)O
E70 E78



4I+%)34BQA621T*2
;Z0:=Z
?VN-=XP



_\G9?^6C/]H?/N\ +Q17*662Z'DJ(


Z='O&&MJE!A \BQHET'EW;/?2&
,RAEG,<H@5RR#!.86Y$(*F2&09UZ;AIY-0T;<.'SKL7'P;ZP2BJC1-A##

M9[F0LRA36*5Z71$7G$/3MQ:R**:PB'A$8H;2(K%RP5P?:FIJ48




M]2SA15:H'

M2W1VJU(@D@:6'@]^G


PPX4X1^E:C3DU+


MSR33HI69--\T


4YH
M =-F# ;QB$MD@B:N$:&HSSCB5N%X'.C3$TW*I!@L5S MDX<K1 [E@
^2ZB=

MHT/H[3GRNA_Q$)0

(WL#,[*T ?[5V!#SF\2<QI


MI&^_!/
E3I6
MIG_56UG_^6%QR_ERN]BL[^@397-3,[6)P6E;7&D<,XZD8!@)F.&$0XPC0G3



M)^F^# SM]3AJ;S5




TAXJF7&]JL8)%H2=(



M?O1Q71?.K)RX

M1XU46B2$DB*R2MJ[-



#5T3&[S

<=CK8JK#^09L:<G;&SJZ..7-#,EH73
MPF;65_H&W^A9E^M-XZ1NRX CF1)3 @JA$RQ29A(1*]V69%)(2%23/W!3^



T9SG

M/]G[NW)I:)+]6M5C_HW-ES:M]NO2YGQLMDWA6)T7+$TDS J10%PBNQ.%-2QX
MD=



JV]*J/G/9JMJ



YVF


QUG+;

U)


M.^-6:NZ8Z5F%YJYK WNDUQ[/?'EWNUK
Q7$%*RXR7(I$P4PC6UW
1I#2TL8
M\41H5$I
_?JA7S0UM??_@!3LH+H4KO(EV$T+XM VSKK'ES'_%N97R8C:KORR






MP)PQ!C'*$DB3A
&LR+A
BRSCU.NPQ=7PU.2EP1VUD;%OL-X0W V^T7J]G?%?

8.V69=AF9
MFL!:F
#B!'N@'BIQB4D'A8W S\RVD)-R.'Y)8X\Y#,5R-I9A!G?C)YA8Q.

\@4CS#.*2

XT^9;
M1W#4RHUU)R:52S+,TBQ*$A&&.2(L6Y5Y/E2X:F)B8MD;A!!_?GC#INS4?@




M^-RV].

H1M
M5S.%(!&E


+3TG:X^/%K-6,JIR23&20%(A!K@8V*L03J@O-2H#(I\]RO:%P(
M#)\W<*QH0U&()^4[0R8)FD:WH/+^7FX:=O0'(]\]GN8P@TX3
*68C@\!O
(

AJ0E)

S0I)$*<;-*@V7

M;!P3YJ8M@30




MM1LB;Q._GV_$8F7[JQ_J DB6:(88@RI+;*XS
NL2Q#$DI4X82C1A2$;9-&XQ
) @CQ+Q:$'78FII7

M(U.3@!.

M2R
'V8\
L:
J)8%IRFEG*6E\HMX[LOE
M./'.NTJM

M'C*C*
XVMI_L@TV/K3VR]=H\[

ZGJ=I6JQ(

E^!9

MC/&HG9RB@1NW_5-L3L]Z1D4W$*;P52325_UCK=CF:?W\?;L2_ZY;H@F:D8R0


M







M'I'[AT5N*/X3[


#%_17BJ_T.2BPF9--N/]'LW!F




CF<IRV\1-
M;6:<9GF(H$TP2G$:5Y (C6'J

MT6O \9:-(?



DP8+#@7&B4J51@[;_*Y
M6IV:MV1^


MGHM;&V_R4WWX;1

XDSE
MN5=9MPY;4].3N@#OW+P9GY:V)E1 XGD7LZX[9E'X&GS;;)\EM(
Y4
E[!SYB


'*$&!]A@A]NS#ID;\V[:


M;G9D #-G^9$A8P3LY?_SWDQLPQ;&Q$[$4

2(9
M25
G$6L??FHRM0?HL7M\SIG##GPO)@86DB-L(;OIYWQX;)OWXF6D_7$O?OSV


ME/3KO+RW/MRR]==UU:M
_A=;/DC0I6A&4H5D5@1XQH0!3'&&E)&JAD*1%E



N+Y)LHUFE


8:$\DR4:6K^R:LW4KN9J8GN 2 05]K ^I#I
MI@3]*1K:6;8 P1%'T5OE=E
0M799NZ5QRY5USO:L0EGWU6%O_X_CQ
?S'UR9
M8L(1+R'2E$!
.;.UH 7







?\+;
L/6L]VVZ_P30C\L






M:
AJU$ UL
&CQ1VER



SZ9&5$YG1D7)T(C#KE[7C05-G#H_+..-E]'C

M_LX6:M^(H
R2))$
HBPO(
X1AY05&*H


?%9
MV95F'4!XM+(3B-&
$4AS;%9VF4H@XSF#(BMDHC/.)')J_N!F;FHO^B'MJ89;
MER39]%C.7:';30SBD3BP

MM[;!=\;GM$D(/]7R254Y)K.
BTQ0;!OWY499E!$56B@&&3+_0I%(5.*5'-5E


MDY0)Q/V*!+@9]GD[QDGUWT

&OO(YNNJL\4LDUF1%5Q 72H%


NE#9Z 3.&;!-@RB$CQF-)

=KCGC
M-AIXKC:S
A
\R7
%$4D$-#*:0\X+#85
L10
)YF6/C4ECL;V$L+1RDDL#@ ]


62I-!Y0D1'(4



K/2=%I77C


MB'2

#K




Q\*
EP:F)E UOKI61$#1KQ/NW,2G#R,#BTM#1H7MI@Y*N &?-ING& V6KLT_
M=@&N$QNCE]AJFV%;$:W6ZT+/QY;V5.ZD<,[G?5Y!5B!$$I5R0L!
4L32#+
M;

O6TW&YNV;/=N+9E3858F^_!T?%A6X5+

I*X[7
\%


%$ASE1-(<+^*TIWVIB;&[7T_[*(00/9<[%\C7 W
M)S0BC8-OTO=@
*#(M!


MP?QZ]+SJ;*8F2\UDE#0_$$#9N4RFL/R@/U1N#M;_-3\J PNU2_%YU]KS1YS4






I









M13LU'3R /4KY].TH

?)H9BC










U.RQ2B\S/O-Z.P:)+\T-1^5;
M9O[8D33JRB+.-2/
_.B1Q-;!P3@WOT
?J7O4W(3J &Y'UBQXM/NK62!
MY


)K\3@



5!IYIOZR-N(







M?V?FU9VSA6T8]OWI\7%A$^
EYHB3DD#$J#9*@R2D6FE[M)O0






+


M&&9


].[R
MW3;VR!V^.Z9WWMV[Z^( U\I
[%ZMG[\_/3S
M\TG2^586P;Q4K$;,5DIE





MS8Q+18255


HE#1.0YX1VRB-0LFD2!7!5&/MFW%X8L'G'1@GP7 '\ 8LU=86UA'L





Q&=TZ'.N!APXH+L!I_PV42V?HSHE?D1%

YD6I
$0\M;TMBA12J@A$

M20YKK'*HL+P7C











()224B&_3*P6JU








U
8^

[!\G?
25 ^V

!L6(%)3/HI(K@HA)
%XME1W;*OD#_?#TS[$
MTIK8
Z
C\WL#JK/:.#2[^= 1?AP'_KQ4X6&?-INGJN)!;![!R,X//T!T-$

M;A;J&M9,B6].KBW&)F:TE88Z^7?_(#2LP][&YEN M7HH'?_B-V/CFPX]_W

.[91MVN5W=K]O#F:6M

WW74Z_47&CZ:H


(4W-VSO5H?($:Q[5U!S%OV;+/UFG2\-TOYQ4RA241-
M
]$C@A4)9(04\PA+U$J2:)U (+0KTJBSC8G)HWM*\'^UACK@)(F1#K)_
^

W8HZO.P]1\WH=S(Z;R^O.PUG^





M=(
?_-'
X




GAQS8O3UTV3:.'!*F&F]
71/Y_:)+^;BHWFES-*P$&69
MI!)RG$F(!4:09EQ (E*J:4IYQIVB

7_FKS$1\^M^T=:H'_5K,W[Y+;]Z?6X916X^;_50C9]
M$;ZLMK=LO?VJW\\WCZL-6_QMO7IZG.4%+ZHT$_
IQQ#C-(6TR B4FI$R*3.J


#BMN%$.^2@@AXQ/-./JZ@AFHZFQPW3]./C+%33\_9+
MRG7\@#^;W_VO_['[&_
_SC;J?_V/_P]02P
$%     @ W(2-4ILE18#:E0
M2*\& !4   !C=V=L+3(P
C Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6SLO6ES&TF2)OQ]?D6]O5_?
+D OX+TP[?IZO
/OR=8_N.'
MO.C.?_B]6_QC^M43\I^;?_2R^_)]
3W[O/J!4\[N_NWB+RP!2]13HJ7-1 K*
MB0LA$&M







0N8Z

L)DP8*1QSQ N);I'-

MQ+&DB50R$AL!OX*3+)O$0F!L/![7?WPH)I'0LGR+
)/+R=QVZ!YFPC^(\H

[Z1S8)9-!0-)J'*22!\M\1+-)E4&8M99
M4L$'@\D. OH==-'6


#E 
J_^]Y^ &CX'/0D08X
@H\0UPL$
.-G
MGZ:K&4R2%BG+H A/M!R@2;!Q4B4=CZKD)-B0YQ_WGUO/Q T? !ZDB;\!)^

$=A

MU9(('H!184VB0URR/D1#/X0T?^0Y@(; ,K;.3X-Q3']J_\RE^P-5'1\L



MG\/B##?!GQ?=M]7GE]WY%S]'4L=4LD\BA0C+XDL$6N9)YXZ%X-@*!$V&IV

W


PFH/!A'6;3^&;6^=4D:\8U%!R'B.Z1




Y6EAE2TIB)M-&0(+DD^#N79729AB$.
?:\OE_18L.G



IXAP


-)+YI/['BR7I(S[[]
-@F\9:-XG]]
Y_BR*7H2


SR

]+

M)PZ
(B*Z %X8*SE4
5F'T3E.2ZEZV*NIIA90&&




H
#6L5W?HBH%F*S00Z:!I-\
M U;FYZY+WZ:SV21XR;


M



MW&-Q8JG-V6ET[7E9;XD#\9Y%8IA
7GDA@=9Q8_K3V S


M 4\?XL;=)BL!;GM-(T=]W\[!


 )

M^&C*@+U



I0V&MBF




M@B$^)63(
FXL@ JY2K^ /?2


XV$



5I&(:$KH#0E#A)Z!IGB7L!Y

(/+<%?-




Z0P/I_.XEX# *: !*/\

M!30KM?'I?#J?%N&LIE_ADAVNM 43&=%(.Y$R1A(4?I')@D3YX1.K]'1_A*YQ
M_9\ZH!I2%0T@ZV*-/
=5]<Y+ V<13Z;7HT3QSQ8B/&)YF
MZQRNJ!





LT







X[U.@4*XGJQ;?RF[QKUYMDEG0A9EVZ:K-&176




'R+\)^+Q(_WN]W$ZL*+?2*+C-#?6G

B4$$64F5OIJQ0,UF9LY2P
MIP5Y4RAI8MV\ GQWG&X5/D\OSDO(^*_-CQ

%GC&M*FH3F@/AM Y]OY5Q1SM_C^^V*Z


M:HFZ?-
M7G7KL




@AJ
M*-
195?G\.A!NL;MY] T5(?4: 

66/EK[B*Q




MA2#


M2:A8FD%Y*SQR9A/Z[:6A=E!
*&=TS'7PV9O$)IW.)S.@PVBN4=NYGSF
&H
%


);])3G1
DC! R=)

XN.


MZS_!XGSK*$-Q/6@BS#A*I



M'U==_



M(L3X+!MMI2/9


N#\X1

7 H18ZQ4JG:+CG% -+R[]50'_M)JYW;DR\O^2!AI03

['SHFC]I_7JEV[UOV#C:DR8

K0A


B(A0NET*0*?:TW(S

EWN5$


FQ(Y/)H&$'H#T+GR)-\A+YLI!A
N
MU&;D)'%6E
(.]!R#S)8 !





MI HI4:7

KTJ]1\FTIE8K:T,DRIEOT.'&=!E

M
A:V5%\DD@GKC9:X?0D92MI&=
26%I#!@LB






M-B8^++:I2#]UJ]4





M(9
$R=
4@N'N






TT

*:9XCX2#L*C




):(-IH0%$?5A
N\55
M-ZJ97RXW4?U&0U?=KE[!
BZF7S;W41E*S!(XB9$&(H.1)$3MB) \1B:Y;Q*
M[_]#1VWP4XEY%755@-H+%
8T6*7/TH'CJ]^5GJMW5UB5'.M.:-$Y8P2=%D2

'UT@#8WJ 7NVE ]3Y?C/CTL[=SE-;Z


;A%I*:<!_5KJ--?P!D7XLIMO1/3[=/7YDLE[Z\A(2D-01( H


]%/7#
MTW




YMUQ/4*7LAR:!Q(8$X1%
UF7$&9S5A#
M0

1:_G/IW-K#&\H@=H4P2FF
 @P95Q2=10

M

MM1OKD1E9FMHFDG
VI=.M)Y[[0#SS6B8;.'=UO*C':1O9E@V-A[YX.U(Y8^]X
MEV


AR1VE3&?J.CIJ



X/TB

MDK(H
P&





I+5N6!$VA8)/W[H+

I* :L[[C7#?_?SQKD)JH^ X$;:% E3H)92C

_614L
!2&HA!AYOR29?6\8)S7B29!PI!@;B%A^FZ^7:S][

&[@3+
M$HCBJDQ=4Q@3N& Q

MU7V;3SRU@?LR]I'F
AE74&(C500!Q-XT+E6Z.[I+1:
'JDMO?-2SQ.]$WT


U+M_7?C%'-I=?8/'Q

M;$D4G!8/66*4A8Q;'[T

MIADFS
ID

0BKN'6&
 ^_S338D4^E]B3[
G(T



MR

?=(&6DLYI-Y+:?)OO5Y


MZ
Y3JIB-P'.HXA


+MMWZ-J6+:'

5L&ZC$M0T<Q




;JNAC[*CB



_^5F1P/+TZ]]]3ZQQ



S1]$#:W@:Z=5?CN/LW6:SL]^@6^7'[Q8
MSNAS=F?S4O\UB4R7HA!%\N:8AJ)XG7#X)9G #=56R7YWU:?3
F)7T:?'XA.I
M['$NBUYR42@O1IR!FA#W@0C/FDI8L83ED




^YWTNS1^NET;67
9H-:$T



MK4MPBZF+9'S!%

3%Y(C/3CD&5BA9I9OV7HH:LFJGZKVKH80&



6/Q*(N[?1ML@1:IRXK/



M#24!HB.))1 V&*MYE0GF^P@:.PNG
LH&T4


/WVLX+&J:753Y99:YC+*


M[.KIUU4/5PYUQFTEA2A(=)MN-M03&ZPDV2B+JHX!;!6'\0&:3I[4??_1UVG0

=E(2-4QRI1$[Y+4DJ&_^]Q
S/65^=5+


'U2%TO.C;@MO_MO?/&Z34S_;3(M8?_DR





M4A!'


M*[D?*!$KH\YH

M39S'_2LECR]&KTF(/IYJ/^W??/

M6

B8



M\-EN\G1GYYYD!S0'[@@DEH@$P!4!691)?BI*[F.(51ID/4!3HU=JP^QH0^GB






M3B#I669TC)T(!)UB1D*


WB*BU(23TO/


MEHDL'J7UI0%SX-0J3UU4II=[=.?!C292G*C\DT4XMOK?^-FL^W8#NTEE$8U&


E3*W?00]D[3C4X*@0731**8N%I@+
HO2[8*R
I Q

L+@87;4^X+ML3


2L;LJ]RBKR7HI%O78?0]^
8.D+X



M@4@F.+$ @1A#@_ VHRFNDB!T&)F-WF8
A+5Z&FL CYNYD)6;ULA;EKDW^#




M# .^.GH:^Y*W. _=QGDH2RA?+%6FB!YJU P5('-!$G
AIOK@RES&H5[I2Y

F]%F.Z


*I25$114WHPQ4B
J7= \B@M!$.JMC'A\GJA3S[


VC!^^.4



HHH^'*
  [K;]I
L!@_0[DR)+2FIXOSZ






MMUEA?244X)6NAC&P3)Y;


MCP&W%$TRGXVW33II/$I-3P[1


M

M?7+Y^!]==6+5O'BN+&@?/#DEAG9OJ;


(U9
=::Y3G3
H'$ZU2FO

FTK7X?5(OTW.ZV\:O+HNA.5(Q_0#6#R%!('UUE/@'P[
M^WZQ6JXEQJ_&LJ3RCH)/-6I#(%)#%&2#9S(60)3K2)8IZFJ1.P#8^$IS!W
MH%HZ19C8L!*SX%9XVI:%E=HPE(.3-@*3A=R)9$LQ3:JKGJ%IW+-U7(3MHY8.
M$+:-0W+S)A #8\)+XBO:.EO$(01N)?BL


ZFCI


0$X:E98(
.NFS2#VI70_F/;PY!Y% 7N#]#Y*IP= Z I79Q?

!98[:)7VIBYE$X%^5"HZ#&9D+EITRYR.I[
MF;73*[[W5_7N^/:7^)[AUTI($X3?3G2Y+8!)4 D%(V&J6/M8.$%



MVBN2DS6+R($E'JV

P#1_#!:\C&


5Z4


PFA5%\C9B4#<@M
M(MDBXV@K5&L!QEUM);VB
-GC9'I<'*V_LS*;?%N18;;($Z:10
MGM,A@D9HVKL8(5*X)@U=YX'C?=#_R<2EVY]M%N$'*ZY^0!B[
 TD4NQ6DSC
M1=7)I^G7;R2:2SXDST8;VC+D0-1&=U&2

UM5F






MZ=S(AL1C
]:.9Y'

T;MSLH\5=#2WYTP


MR9FCIW-#YYI#$

]DK0Z ;W54IU



(AN8+U*EGX+K-V%Q3@?L


^3M166W*E@



MEU'+Q(WFK$F.Y^/D'#P9X


&Q%)K)3P+X$TD$

M;N]S1'5I07;!Q-/9)0=JH(



MU1.&]E'ZO)4&QGX_?X*3WS:LQ!*UJ5=?+/(Z*H215^]0@1#
4;2IOWB)4=X
MBW7&C:$&@\?0$NW UM2P;W45]M&_N1P=93/WUCI@&DDV=?Y+('; ^1XU-&C

MBD3G-

0
MN350.243@^$:7#;$!PN!-H% 2$$HC;F(J)O4)SQ%T/@WPH<H^EG<[GUL<^F

?$WE\EA
G)OODMAMM__0:






HJ@

MI 4LO*8!( -OP,6NPA9



M^)C.\S1]##_7OUU

G]865S^8S%?D@BU3L$&!5*Q
M]99*%X7#=9AS;A3/+%VX-N:S'$[S#4&81ME=0+&RX7?3&?7+-;A<<+I0&&V



JUYZ?R:.O0N3KYB 1'^R?'N%TN







!W/7: :!V
MOR8_#KD%#[7%B3](+3Z+:PDWI?[K:P@ZP[ ,LCA;XYD%.NC0+NK+?/P9P





M6;;$6VTXO1]HGEZT)X^G!7H&$G=WQ]6]Q-;=(SK)OJ,DTEF)#7GD-PY7Z1
M50PS1RB3W
%[$@'UV'0&EP%@TT
'38O=;-'UOF1.@?G2JPO]AP4L@0N
0:)
M)5V


JBB(PRBPYSE_0SAMG/MRD;MY[M6 C;7QF=@XRX258(.KEI
MR^3Z$IBR &=E .T9^DAGO0E-FE


MJP622F



M9DE$CB


M^]5/^/VRD\#R0[EN)O!V]IXD^^4O//N!?\YGJV]+DH7.EM&V\$4IBCDMH^C3
MD 
8F4\N:Q-MD^'3!U$]_J/+@:AZ[LALJ\




(JU?(R[X]A
75SF+&9 GATH
M.FG!953 ==#
L


=.@7
MDR'Z;%:SYQ06GK3Y$[O.:)&MDX#*7XK/.VAA;'KF!_P4#6\Z?O@R'4LC/(
M)


*JSV
M'



/K4X-DX*T+P

MJ_/RB!/IA?%)45#C11TL*PWX0IL&H]





7X2MN_@0_+J:I
MUB@S;\B? U



F^L?6&CE]UP_P^_3'-.
MK@=0&'%AG

MJR?.DG:B)-*738UM%56 *@90(=CRZ6OJX[M^5LNZURLF^??2&C@ZWRQ_GW
ML_E/Q








!TYA@[; W*_WH/!\O&Z#Y$A


(;B9-+R\5IG7M&+6#H3F#A37

XA%BNPRQD97Y
.0?]JWW^T@/@(X=M\2_G)+S/!K[4+S9?SF

E$62S@2K# DN


EM'XF4!VL2BE39*
<%*!1D23!% 06)?A0

NO
MNV%;P^X7V)E/OXT];;R8C-QQ1'!:D4J3.!0.-!N6RY#*9AB_3C\CKND)A?

#%(D%8$\@7)@S;-N


4/LZ_O



N)#R$%*Q/H5#OYU5;)



M
PO@?1&0-!T)NHC(?9


;[$]R




MXB4.(?S!
'2




MN!9+2 $4^R+)7-B
32^P!^!AW&9[8T*ZB99'M

UIT
MMJXN^7


QE*0

*)6:7+Z_2%F_25@#
MW4@/H)^;-0MACXNYA3QKWY^/ NS56WD^C\7T^_5IYPX'Z36S@$Q64 Y)<%Y

%AV,<H$W:8FW,Z7=7%@?#9=#J:UC
M9&[NDSAB$5$#MZHR(R3XVG@O*]18<]+=
?#X/;1P3&NIX^&MMU5T4^!_!5'

+X:

MIIO3

MVY#*Z.!.Y%I
KRY6W^:+.HGZ[^ERDK
UG%M.YCF0M=:2XA:#%F2QPCOF&7D#



M_+R?KSY?Q/_&M%K-__C[^_2R2G921/B* ]8& DO& XA& M922ND1X/BQ2N%
MO5;NU1'?4^_S8RFA7X0]QEF4J'VU.]SE  J5@&8!:/IQR*G4NXGS.X
KWVQ

V8-'7@7T
M)WW$!-QHQB4J9=JT81J4BTXBV /Q]^05R-$5W4&,\@3SC[?ZJZ]P(C*U+M-




MWB

MOC;HL;XMU0





MH13[+$[VD'('3TT/7


9?6UC4YF1
MS EN(8N:
EF[_#IC


M.F&ECK?]C(L?TX3+S_.S/)%$O
$ZDX!%DIP+$0+3 CCGC X07DIJ5#WU%$E=


M@])@9*I5%878\2% X+8$P5PVHLG$RQ?H&K?Q0WLS-:!6.@#99KN\Q%7*RLLL









M[EOZ$9$XL)I.V




4682P(L98JG231
M)01GE#0
H\ZJ[2/WX3R

M8D0\JGMP0]FX^;(=H7

40TPIIJAUV[Y'
M=^D9-RMV='SMI(X.

WOW^*NRK%-FZMSJJ\E)
M02B1.?$G4XZ@!$8(IK;L1=+C4GL

J3#^;

UP<(;0PD




1F?F4-KH%UA7
VI*H2@Z:M!8

+
^JR_ELV$@
MFIQSJ7TP=+04+BL/08L

82+O #/K8_W58A%F

*1@.3Q5!D8B-$9P*D+*-B*4ED39I /TW2N?9,K? D=[R'_L
M:5*?\*QV4/T8%JN?5[.0F-(\1P_6U09YB@YCEU#H$L=/+2LWL&Z8GV- ^_
MW1\.]E'9?#CY=6!('K6S[Z[;)0H;U)$ -G5L0M&,0@LJ-KCT15R&VS1TB;
MO$_6R 
+6A]2 ^JD.X1=M297



=!(J

\)





LTXV

MR6YLQ3_RNBW1:FUL!A_JU8H(ZPI6!8Y^G- (9;:\]=PS.Z#9VTH+Y1\HOQY.
MD=/V9MP-Q)T;2')B,BKA4QD(84OX+-UI:!2)3?I(+\%;2-#JJ6+,K!BQC8U
M3_/S=O:@Y8C)7C%7,@3&2'HH'?C:R5X6[;/P4FL!SZ]/%RU5W=W3WUO]Q1S
MH/![1M55AY: ^A%?66R,M9DB P.G0&ABPQ:6\ON-X;; TQ==&D9#4/[B+I[
MZ! 6



M\]J8=Q*DCJJV
W



MM).)ZH





.G.++G//5SX]G@1RN6?[C?RZFWZOS]=O/ZW0!7WB(EDQD
M
;7+=#7!(3 )V=FH$_?&NR:'\A:T=86J/0 P;ZN-G@%VZS&ZN)0XMP&8K'U/
M3'#@3


W


^$@1B




M'




8F/(3


MYT65;(E-BI8Y]MOOMO;VWEV6&1SF:\B^G/WF?MZJ;K?U,9^$0F9)^[;HB[M
MUP^%J;-,EK =(V)55E+G8EX6VT 0(


R%+
M)=3E3(]U9415\
IY7@.JSQ4\'+X%*%\5929V=S9_HJ?]NY8E

MWF8&E$=\TX(.R7$!N$R N+0QM4HB


ZD(RAB8$YM*GK0[C^?1(!L_+_8*&#K

M7'C/!=[3YOV-







M86Y



MINA$X( T^

D^49W19?EK4S.!P0^JRY$CV!&^N4

XYDVKUV

!@
E@)
M@OPIV)[#;+B*ZY(CH=[H 7;Y]IO'3Y\!6Y%Z(JZ%Q7.Q1YGE5A@7F!48JRA!

MO10K5M X=18$(\)=C*%OB=$T720


MM%

M6IO+DQ#1

S8%


C<XKUHM=+]LKOO5'88JR H0Y\
M7N$M^&0ZPR#L.Y#PX&B K9VW1/
]KWUJ7CN[13P7/$%0K08L
(4)N!RO]TJ^
MCZ



ED



*Y-RUIY4=#B7IO[N-8A\&#X]#!7LEQY4U(HCDZ[.!F*I+CA
M 8Z:?]85^U=R/(T;F8H/0^*KEP\
(R-?Z5\UX\UFSZZMUWNC.UR@CE0ZCG'




M_SYHQZI:XOP5NHA*O]WV642)3&'^&648!;'*]A)1ZXR%6*I6JA4K_Y-CXD
M)U/C&OO]6H@_F[-)L-'4T(Q _JWAF?D[

% [-E'5=U:6.U




MJ/%LN5N-:87/]36E;MY9\V74)+FO :%# &UZ5[&BD;EN9TK+(1Q\(,/:87
MH&-L/3;4\JASYNF* -I]R%CSMH&7+
%)
&8#A+ORP\X1


W@P='

MV#:*8\=(K-6\T/48A_ITU)_I;X$6S !58[PUH$5+ ]=Z.E3?+GV]N34R!'
M


@.P'.1K&%RBUR5^%5'
M
BNX-^?*PT -=DM









MIG)G# YN%QY66BE$@QPG-Q-EG(PA%-#6L51-'#0Z!OD?]5P?]A(%9.I;[)PP



VP6LJ!
M%:2)&H+C.$;?6$]ZLY6Q@WV-IB#70)!MX#QPWOY)S47Q*9X:)FX0LHO EF




M]=I7?
P8'HEQ:!W))M(L5ZBWI1UV0A$3JTQS7Q_O74*2?5-


.IE\L_5(R:3R3M6H)C+]UW3A'
M%FMK]Y165)TIHG[C&[[^V994./N]89E6QOWAEGL7#89O!U_'UWKU'@]
6^?!

M26()(.C=&QR=22D@ZO7 [$D4D _AH




MC2%PU!V4#
:ZC.L

L

M3-2U8/31(!#U5$\J%+-@WNB*O61\31J_]\Y=N;' 9K??I*HY\1&8XM)NS+


25%J8].EWIX@
MR]QP6


M  :2:JYESG6KR4N!'AT%H_J398

5YIZZ6A7A30TU)

=5G7T-H.LH
T*T/&
M[A['42[:X!7M



M  #[*0  %0              @ $     8W=G;TQ,C,Q,C!X97@S,3$N:'1M
M4$L! A0#%     @ W(2-4BI61XHC   :2L  !4              ( !00@
M &-W9VPM
3(S

S$R+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -R$C5(Z!O6O[@0


C
Q
C!X97@S
C(N:'1M4$L! A0#%     @ W(2-4IU/]HQ0(
M- T; !$              ( !V!H  &-W9VPM
C R
#$R
S$N:'1M4$L! A0#
'-D4$L! A0#%     @ W(2-4C"2I2\*P  NM,! !4
M         ( !:?, &-W9VPM
C R
#$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M -R$C5)^I?Y


#(P
3(S

MW(2-4ILE18#:E0  2*\& !4              ( !97$$ &-W9VPM
C R
#$R
M

QT  #B5   ;

end



