

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-014963
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130314
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001471256
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53806
		FILM NUMBER:		13689633
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1193 SEVEN OAKS RD.
		CITY:			WAYNESBORO
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		706-621-6737
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1193 SEVEN OAKS RD.
		CITY:			WAYNESBORO
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30830









     







WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549









    
Annual Report Pursuant to Section
    13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


 2012



    
Transition Report Pursuant to
    Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


______________





Charter)



    
        
    
        




    
Waynseboro
 Georgia 

        principal executive offices)
    
        




 Including
Area Code)







Common Stock
 $.0001 par value per share
Warrants to purchase shares of Common
Stock





issuer
 &nbsp;&nbsp;No



file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp; Yes 
&nbsp;&nbsp;No 


all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past
90 days.&nbsp; Y es 


electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).&nbsp; Yes 


filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K contained in this form
 and no disclosure will be contained
 to the best of the
registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.&nbsp;&nbsp;See definition of &ldquo;accelerated
filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).


Large accelerated
    filer 
Accelerated
    filer 

    
Smaller reporting company
    

(Do not check if a smaller
    reporting company)
    



(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).&nbsp; Yes 

As of June&nbsp;30
 2012 (the last
business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter)

common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $2
046
142.


 2013
 there were 19
630
714 shares of
Common Stock
 $.0001 par value per share
 outstanding.







    
    








    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    1.
    
    

ITEM
    1A.
RISK
    FACTORS
    

ITEM
    1B.
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS
    

ITEM
    2.
    
    

ITEM
    3.
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS
    

ITEM
    4.
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    5.
MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

ITEM
    6.
SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA
    

ITEM
    7.
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
    

ITEM
    7A.
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
    

ITEM
    8.
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
    

ITEM
    9.
CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
    

ITEM
    9A.
CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES
    

ITEM
    9B.
OTHER
    INFORMATION
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

    
    
    

    


    

ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    





historical fact included in this Form 10-K including
 without limitation

and Analysis or Plan of Operation
 business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations
 are forward looking statements. When used in this Form 10-K
 words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend&rdquo; and similar expressions
 as they relate
to us or our management
 identify forward looking statements. Such forward looking statements are based on the beliefs of management
as well as assumptions made by
 and information currently available to
 our management. Actual results could differ materially
from those contemplated by the forward looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. All subsequent written or oral forward looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our
behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph.


contained herein
 readers are urged to carefully read those statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially are: inability to protect our intellectual property; inability to obtain necessary financing; competition; loss of
key personnel; increases of costs of operations; continued compliance with government regulations; and general economic conditions.


    
    






    
    





was incorporated in Delaware on August 27
 2009. References herein to &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;
refer to the Company.


through our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agricultural Technologies Inc. (&ldquo;Cullen Agritech&rdquo;). Cullen Agritech conducts
its operations primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Natural Dairy Inc. (&ldquo;Natural Dairy&rdquo;). To date
 we have
not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement our business plan described below. Since
October 22
 2009
 our activities have been primarily focused on raising capital to fund our business plan
 and the sale of land
to meet our working capital requirements and repay our outstanding debt.




Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Triplecrown&rdquo;)
 a blank check company. CAT Merger Sub
 Inc. (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 a Georgia
corporation
 was incorporated as our wholly-owned subsidiary on August 31
 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown
to complete a business combination (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) with Agritech
 as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
(the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;)
 dated as of September 4
 2009
 as amended
 among us
 Triplecrown
 Merger Sub
 Cullen Agritech
and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Cullen Holdings&rdquo;). Cullen Agritech was formed on June 3
 2009. Cullen Agritech&rsquo;s
primary operations are conducted through Natural Dairy Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Cullen Agritech. Cullen Holdings is
an affiliated entity controlled by Eric J. Watson
 our Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 Chairman of the Board and Treasurer
and
 prior to the Merger
 was the holder of all of the outstanding common stock of Cullen Agritech.


 (i) Triplecrown merged with and into
the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation and (ii) Merger Sub merged with and into Cullen
Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result of the Merger
 the former security
holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became the security holders of the Company. Thus
 the Company became a holding company
operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech. The Merger was consummated on October 22
 2009.


the former shareholders of Triplecrown had an approximate 18% voting interest in the Company and Cullen Holdings had an approximate
82% voting interest in the Company. The Merger has been accounted for as a reverse merger accompanied by a recapitalization of
the Company. Under this accounting method
 Cullen Agritech is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes because it has obtained
effective control of the Company as a result of the Merger. This determination was primarily based on the following facts: Cullen
Holdings&rsquo; retention of a majority voting interest in the Company; and Cullen Holdings&rsquo; senior management serving as
the senior management of the Company. Under this method of accounting
 the recognition and measurement provisions of ASC 805
&ldquo;Business Combinations&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 805&rdquo;)
 do not apply and therefore
 the Company will not recognize any goodwill
or other intangible assets based upon fair value or related amortization expense associated with amortizable intangible assets.
Instead
 the share exchange transaction utilizes the capital structure of the Company with Cullen Agritech surviving as a subsidiary
and the assets and liabilities of Cullen Agritech are recorded at historical cost.



    
    





forage and animal sciences to improve agricultural yields. The Company was formed to develop
 adapt and implement grazing-based
farming systems in regions of the world where the geophysical and climatic conditions are suitable for a pasture-based model.
While the potential for the pasture or grazing model is significant in many of the world&rsquo;s developed and developing economies
the systems are highly specific and require significant adaptation and modification to be successful.&nbsp;We have identified
the global dairy industry as a primary opportunity in which our systems can be applied to improve yields on land and drive cost-base
efficiencies. We believe that cost savings of up to 40-50% are achievable in the long term. Further
 we believe the high cost
structure
 which is employed by over 95% of milk producers in the U.S. and supported by government subsidies
 will help to maintain
a floor to milk prices in the U.S. and provide us with long term margin protection. By having direct access to a domestic market
we believe our business plan provides a unique opportunity to invest directly into food production while limiting earnings volatility
linked to foreign exchange exposure
 typically associated with returns from commodity production in exporting countries
 such
as New Zealand. In addition
 we believe the potential opportunity to vertically integrate
 while maintaining control of the supply
chain
 provides a further opportunity to reduce volatility and maximize profitability.


financing backed by the property we owned and operated to support our working capital needs and implement our business plan. However
due to the performance of similar types of farming operations in the region
 as well as the general economic downturn
 financial
institutions have been unwilling to provide such financing. As a result
 we have been unable to obtain the necessary funding to
support the implementation of our business plan at this time. Accordingly
 we have explored all financing and strategic alternatives
available to us. During 2010 through May 2012
 the Company disposed of approximately 3
635 acres of land
 constituting all of
the Company&rsquo;s property which it had planned to use to deploy its pasture based dairy and beef business plan. We used the
capital received from such sales to support our working capital needs
 retire certain of our outstanding debt to reduce our interest
obligations and avoid running costs of non -irrigated land which was unsuitable for our business plan.


financing to allow us to implement our pasture based dairy and beef business plan
 or to seek alternative opportunities available
to us unrelated to our business plan in an effort to maximize shareholder value. To this end
 the Company has in the past had
and may in the future have
 discussions with potential merger candidates wishing to become publicly traded. There is no assurance
that the Company will be successful in any of such efforts.


 Natural
Dairy intends to produce Class I raw milk for the liquid market in the Eastern Seaboard and it will strive to produce milk that
is of the highest quality in conformation with food safety standards. Natural Dairy intends to use a majority of crossbred cows
that have a higher milk solid content (butter fat
 protein and lactose) than U.S. Holsteins which we believe will consistently
produce milk which will exceed the 3.5% butter fat standard for Class I milk. Natural Dairy will not use the Bovine Growth Hormone
to produce its milk. Natural Dairy milk should receive Class I (fluid) milk grading and pricing with its high butter fat content
low somatic cell and bacteria counts. As a result of its milk production operations
 Natural Dairy will also be generating revenue
from the sale of livestock. This could take various forms
 including
 but not limited to the sale of surplus livestock as well
as the sale of livestock that will be strategically culled as part of a herd management program.


 we intend
to offer a range of farm management and technology services such as forage techniques and genetics and feed management strategies
that are designed to help improve the productivity and profitability of food animal production. While we specialize in grazing
systems and pasture technologies
 products and services can be provided for the traditional confinement-based dairy farm operator
to integrate one or more grazing technologies into their operations or refine their feed and animal management strategies to improve
profitability within a confinement system.


 industry leaders and governments
to improve the economic and environmental sustainability of food animal production. This includes whole farm management plans
and feasibility studies
 feed production
 storage and feeding strategies
 genetic improvement and rearing of replacement stock
and engineering waste management solutions.


to deploy the systems effectively in regions of the world where unique sets of geophysical
 climatic and social conditions exist.
Specifically
 Chile
 China
 Uruguay
 the United States and parts of Eastern Europe fit this criteria. We have identified the global
dairy industry as a primary opportunity in which our systems can be applied to improve yields on land and drive cost-base efficiencies.


    
    





 we acquired the intellectual
property that makes up our proprietary farming system. Our intellectual property includes all constituent components of the proprietary
farming system (including forage growth and yields
 animal genetics and milking systems) that has been developed by adapting established
grazing science
 processes
 technology
 and genetics to liquid milk production in the Southeastern United States.


at a later date
 none of the intellectual property is currently registered. In the absence of registration
 protection of the
intellectual property will be afforded by the scientifically advanced nature of the information subsisting in the proprietary
system. This complexity means our system could not be readily imitated or adopted by current or future market participants. We
will seek to protect our intellectual property by using a combination of trademark
 patent and trade secrets laws
 licensing and
nondisclosure agreements.

Key Components to Cullen Agritech&rsquo;s Pasture-Based
Farming System


States dairy industry and has the potential to significantly increase yields on land in the Southeastern United States. This system
is based on a grazing-based farming model
 whereby dairy cows are primarily fed a renewable pasture resource as opposed to a corn-based
feed. We believe that with time
 effort and resources the intellectual property can be adapted for implementation in markets beyond
the Southeastern United States. Key components to the farming system are as follows:

 The pasture-based farming
system requires land with specific characteristics. These characteristics include key soil properties and base fertility suitable
for high quality forage crop production. It also requires contiguous blocks with shapes that minimize walking distances of grazing
animals and a high proportion of clear irrigated crop acres that enable the system to achieve its optimum production efficiency.
The farming system intellectual property includes paddock designs that provide a high level of control over the pasture feed resource
&ndash; allowing many different varieties of pasture to be grown and various different rates throughout the year. Paddock area
and layout is a fundamental tool that enables pasture to be accurately allocated to meet the nutritional demand of the livestock.
Paddocks and lanes are also designed to minimize walking distances to and from the milk harvesting system and enable efficient
irrigation of grazed acreage and cooling of livestock in the summer. Water reticulation and stock watering systems are also designed
to ensure that milking cows receive adequate fresh water to each paddock. In addition
 nutrient management plans are produced
for each system so that they meet environmental regulations. The farming system intellectual property incorporates the knowledge
and understanding of the above elements that are required to successfully identify and convert land into a successful pasture-based
dairy.


000 effective acres (farmable acres
typically 75-80% of the property) suitable for deployment of the pasture-based farming systems which may be acquired and developed
as capital availability allows. These sites are primarily located in the State of Georgia and have access to an ample supply of
high quality water. Engineers and other contractors have been identified to complete the conversion of land as well as manufacturing
companies for the installation of sheds and milking systems. Livestock required to stock the potential farms is also being identified
through multiple breeders. As capital becomes available to us
 we will begin to attempt to acquire acreage and deploy our pasture-based
farming system on such acreage.

 The farming system incorporates a
proprietary pasture production strategy that optimizes annual cow feed supply and milk production through an integrated mix of
different pasture crop species and varieties
 and management thereof. The system incorporates a matrix of summer and winter active
species that provide a year-round supply of quality forage. The different pastures are designed to achieve the desired quantitative
and qualitative traits
 including provision of sufficient energy
 protein
 and trace elements to the livestock to ensure a targeted
milk production is achieved. The intellectual property includes a detailed understanding of pasture inventory methodologies such
as indirect pasture assessment technologies
 feed budgeting and pasture wedge construction for the specific forage species used
in the system. This allows efficient utilization of the pasture resource and can identify where supplemental feeds are required
to address any quantitative or qualitative deficiency in the pasture. The intellectual property delivers the knowledge and understanding
of the pasture production strategy including the management tools required to manage it on a day to day basis. Without this understanding
an efficient pasture-based production system cannot be achieved. In addition
 pasture-specific fertilization and irrigation strategies
are also a key component of the farming system intellectual property. Soil moisture sensors are planned to be installed to ensure
that irrigation is used optimally to achieve maximum plant growth rates for the specific crop species. To complement this
 the
intellectual property delivers an understanding of fertilizer application strategies
 which are used to ensure that soil fertility
is not limiting forage growth.


    
    


Animal Genetics
 Breeding &amp; Health:
system intellectual property includes an understanding of animal management systems and genetic selection criteria to compliment
the pasture-based grazing model. The farming system intellectual property incorporates an understanding of key selection criteria
to optimize cow type for grazing. These traits include body size and conformation aspects that improved structural health
 lower
feed requirements for body maintenance
 and improved tolerance to environmental extremes (heat and cold). Animals are selected
for improved conception rates and maternal traits to increase calf numbers
 reduce culling due to reproductive failure and ensure
seasonal calving. The environment where the farming system is deployed has hot summers where production is affected if tolerance
to heat is not included as a breeding objective. The intellectual property delivers an understanding of specific strategies for
identifying heat tolerant animals and building this trait more quickly into the herd. These strategies include low pressure misting
lines on center pivot irrigators to cool cows in the summer months as well as mister and sprinkler systems in the milking parlor
to further lower body temperature in the summer. Specific milk harvesting strategies such as timing of the milking process have
been developed to maximize milk production and cow comfort during milking.


have greater efficiency in the conversion of cellulosic plant (forage-based) diets into milk. Genetic improvement programs are
planned to be further enhanced with the use of automated animal management systems with radio frequency ID tags that individually
track animal performance
 feeding
 and health status
 and allow animals to be selected on these criteria. The understanding of
these genetic-selection criteria
 which is a key component of the intellectual property
 will enable rapid development of livestock
lines that are ideally adapted to pasture based production in the Southeast US environment.

 In addition to the pasture management
strategies and breeding and culling programs
 the pasture-based farming system is designed around significant labor
 herd management
and waste management efficiencies. The intellectual property includes an understanding of how to maximize the speed and efficiency
of the milking systems
 which
 if used correctly
 can allow two people to milk up to 500 cows per hour
 greatly reducing labor
requirements and waste production. Animal management systems such as fencing
 lanes and yards allow animals to be quickly moved
to various pasture crops on the farm and brought in for milking twice a day with little labor required. The fencing and stock
water systems also allow the animals to be allocated variable amounts of pasture feed as needed by the movement of herds between
pasture blocks as well as the use of temporary electric fencing. A key component of the farming system intellectual property is
an understanding of how to execute this movement of the herds on a daily basis in order to maximize the pasture utilization. The
herd management systems also allow the separate management of different herds in their contemporary groups by calving season
age structure
 and production targets enabling differential feeding to individual groups as their status requires. The understanding
and management of such systems is critical in order to achieve the expected operational efficiencies that a pasture-based system
can deliver. Effluent management systems quickly and efficiently recycle waste water by reapplication back onto the pasture using
a holding sump
 pump and traveling irrigator system designed for grazing systems
 eliminating the need for any storage of animal
waste
 as is necessary in confinement animal operations. The effluent applied over a relatively large land base becomes a valuable
source of fertilizer rather than a costly waste product with a significant risk of environmental contamination.

 Day to day management of the
farms is critical to success. Therefore
 highly trained farm managers who are skilled in grazing management
 pasture crop production
and animal sciences will need to be trained. As explained
 the system includes various specific requirements including detailed
management processes such as those associated with pasture production
 culling strategies
 herd management and effluent management
systems. Therefore
 an accurate understanding how to communicate and train the key day to day farm managers will be essential
to efficiently run a large pasture-based dairy operation. A key part of the intellectual property includes the understanding of
how to train and manage the farm management staff to ensure the key performance criteria are achieved.


    
    





research farms
 which are not owned by us or our subsidiaries. This testing is being led by Dr. Richard Watson
 the Company&rsquo;s
Chief Scientific Officer and director. None of the testing procedures or results are being independently verified by a third party.




on both a &lsquo;small plot&rsquo; and whole farm scale to determine key forage characteristics such as dry matter (yield) growth
profiles by month
 nutrient content (energy and crude protein)
 persistence under grazing and compatibility with other forage
)
 several C4 annual species such
as Millet and Sudangrass
 C3 annual and perennial temperate grasses and legumes
 as well as perennial herbs such as chicory. Monthly
samples were collected from the replicated small plots to analyze dry matter growth (pounds of dry matter per acre per day)
 metabolizable
energy
 and crude protein. The &lsquo;small plot&rsquo; trials are in a &lsquo;replicated complete block design&rsquo; according
to strict scientific rigor that is embedded within larger pastures on the research farm. These plot trials allow the simultaneous
evaluation of many species and forage varieties in a common environment
 across a range of key parameters. The larger whole paddock
and farm systems trials were a phase 2 follow-on from the small plot work where the most promising candidates can be assessed
on a larger scale.


and growth profile database of many forage crop species and varieties. This database has been used to create a forage species
matrix that provides a best fit solution to the nutritional (qualitative) and dry matter (quantitative) requirements of the dairy
herd. Such research and development strategies will continue to be used to develop and evaluate new forage species as they become
available through commercial breeding programs and from within our own breeding collaborations.




types and calving seasons. Detailed records have been kept on productivity (milk yield)
 reproductive performance (conception
rate to artificial insemination and natural mating)
 health
 body condition and heat tolerance. Analysis of these records has
resulted in the development of a livestock strategy that will complement the forage strategy and produce the desired performance
both on a production and cost basis. The key findings indicated that USA Holsteins are less suitable for the pasture-based farming
systems than Holstein / Jersey crosses and purebred Jersey breeds. The ideal calving season to make most effective use of grown
forage and minimize environmental stress on the cow is to have herd calving seasons in the spring and autumn and in particular
avoid trying to calve and mate in the summer when heat adversely affects both production and reproductive performance in the cow.
Specific mating systems and seasonal calving strategies are a key differentiator of a pasture-based system when compared to a
traditional
 confinement dairy system. The results of such testing allowed us to develop strategies which are instrumental to
the intellectual property including those surrounding species selection
 culling programs and reproduction management strategies.




that supplemental feed input analysis be undertaken to assess what feed levels and feed formulations were necessary to complement
a pasture-based diet. This analysis is required in order to achieve the targeted stocking rates while maintaining a feed plan
that will deliver sufficient energy to the livestock. The use of supplementary feeds is contrary to a New Zealand-based system
where it would not be unusual for there to not be any supplemental feeding strategy utilized. Led by Dr. Watson
 we undertook
a close examination of energy and trace element intake
 which is required to ensure that a complete diet is fed to the livestock
to meet the nutritional requirements for body maintenance and milk production.


is not possible with a 100% United States genetic base. The research has resulted in the development of a specific supplemental
feeding strategy which incorporates between 25% and 30% concentrated corn-based feed. An understanding of how to manage this supplemental
feeding strategy on a day to day basis
 in response to monitoring forage development and key performance indicators such as production
per cow
 is also core to the intellectual property that has been developed through this research. Such a strategy must be included
in the overall system to balance energy and mineral requirements of the milking animal. From this data
 a genetic improvement
program has been developed that will look to increase the proportion of Jersey and Jersey crosses and incorporate smaller framed
New Zealand Holstein genetics into the herd to improve reproductive performance and feed efficiency on a pasture-based system.


    
    





impact of the pasture based system and associated effluent management processes. Serial soil analyses have been used to track
the profile of key nutrients and organic matter in the soil including nitrates
 phosphate and potassium and carbon sequestration.
Results to date indicate that the system developed on the research farms delivers no nutrient loading
 an improvement in nitrogen
fertilizer use efficiency over row crop production and an improvement in soil physical properties (organic matter
 and structure).
It is anticipated that these trials will identify key areas where pasture based animal production has significant environmental
advantages.


waste production and management in the grazing system. We have worked closely with Land Grant Universities and State Departments
of Agriculture to quantify waste management parameters and implement policy changes that reflect the improvements of the grazing
system over the confinement feeding systems.



Key Cullen Agritech personnel have extensive experience
in improving yields through applying pasture based farming techniques


personnel
 including Dr. Richard Watson
 a member of our board of directors and the Chief Scientific Officer of Natural Dairy
in developing the necessary capabilities to deploy our pasture-based technologies. Dr. Watson has an extensive background in pastoral
science and technology
 from the laboratory to commercialization and industry application of technologies.


and dairy science industry participants to serve on our advisory board to further enhance our position as an innovative technology
company with the ability to bring efficient pasture-based production systems to the agricultural community in the United States.
The members of our advisory board have access to embryo
 semen and genetic screening technologies (SNP-chip) that may accelerate
genetic improvement and deployment of these lines in the United States dairy industry.

Tested model through research farms developed by key
Cullen Agritech personnel to provide cost advantages


research farms in Girard
 Georgia. These farms were established to develop and test the proprietary grazing system that Natural
Dairy plans to roll-out in the Southeastern United States. Although we do not own these research farms
 we own all the intellectual
property associated with the farming system developed on these farms. The first research farm began producing milk in March 2008.
During 2008
 it was used to refine and develop the farming system. This research was focused on the development of a pasture crop
system that maximized the production and utilization of grown pastures. Breeding and calving season trials have been conducted
to optimize the relationship between feed grown on farm and the feed demand of the herd. During 2009
 the farming system was refined
and has achieved favorable production cost results
 proving the efficiency of the system.

Forage based system provides lower cost per hundred pounds
(&ldquo;cwt&rdquo;) of dairy production:


region
 the exact management practices and quality of farmers. For a majority of dairy farmers
 the high dependence on the use
of corn-based concentrate as a feedstock results in a high cost base. The use of pasture as a replacement for corn-based concentrate
in our model reduces this expense
 creating a much more economically-sustainable cost structure. Our model will also be less labor
intensive and is more likely to have reduced animal health costs due to healthier and less confined conditions.


    
    


Natural Dairy is strategically located in a region of
high demand coupled with a shortage in supply


United States where there is currently a shortage in the supply of fresh liquid milk. In addition
 the United States represents
the third largest liquid milk market in the world
 a large proportion of which is represented by the Eastern Seaboard. Natural
Dairy will be strategically positioned to help fill that supply gap and produce milk for this market
 which is currently undersupplied.




seasonal qualitative attributes of the pasture to best match the energy demands of its herds. Under these systems
 the cow is
provided sufficient nutrients to meet her needs for body maintenance and milk production. We intend to employ energy balances
(the difference between the energy gained from feed intake and the energy expenditure associated with different physiological
functions such as maintenance
 milk production
 pregnancy
 and growth) to ensure that the cows are fed enough pasture to achieve
the highest possible production targets in the most cost effective manner. Management believes this level of feed management sets
us apart from other grazing operations in the U.S.

Cullen Agritech&rsquo;s system will result in healthier
livestock and increased longevity


Our model is suited to smaller framed livestock such as Jersey/Holstein cross-breeds or a Friesian Holstein. These breeds of livestock
generally have longer productive lives than a typical US Holstein
 which is further lengthened by the healthier conditions associated
with our pasture-based farming system which we own. This longevity is expected to result in reduced livestock culling rates and
additional revenue from surplus livestock sales. Livestock managed under the system are also likely to have fewer health issues
due to increased exercise and exposure to cleaner
 less confined living conditions. As a result animals are healthier and the
speed at which infection can spread throughout a herd is reduced. This
 in turn
 results in increased longevity as well as reduced
health-related operating expenses on the farms.




to maximize efficiency and minimize labor costs. This technology
 combined with a unique and efficient farm design and management
strategy
 results in reduced labor costs
 further reducing the cost of production under the system that we intend to utilize.




animal products is increasing as the population&rsquo;s concern with how their food is produced increases. General awareness of
the animal ethics and human health benefits of the grazing-based production system have also grown.


found to contain higher levels of a number of naturally occurring metabolites that have proven human health benefits. The fermentation
of the pasture diet in grazing animals by rumen bacteria create higher levels of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA)
 omega-3 and 6
fatty acids and vitamins A and E in the milk. Production of these qualities in milk produced by confinement cows is reduced by
the heavy-starch grain diet
 which reduces the formation of these beneficial fermentation products.


 there is a small but rapidly
growing market for grass-fed or pasture-fed beef products. However
 grass-fed milk products are limited due to dominance of the
confinement model and the lack of producers who have the technical knowledge to produce milk on pasture year round.


round in selected markets. Further
 expected milk production levels may in the future result in availability of separate processing
with Natural Dairy&rsquo;s grass-fed milk being processed separately from other milk. However
 Natural Dairy milk will be initially
sold as standard milk along with milk from confinement production. This means it will not initially receive premium pricing for
its milk products on the basis of its &ldquo;grass-fed&rdquo; product. The Company is also exploring the ability to produce grass-fed
beef products
 which also could be sold for a premium in the marketplace.


    
    


Strategic agreements and relationships allow for efficient
large scale rollout of pasture based system


 Cullen Agritech entered
into a strategic cooperation agreement with New Zealand Agritech
 Inc. (&ldquo;NZ Agritech&rdquo;)
 New Zealand&rsquo;s national
representative body for agricultural technology companies operating in New Zealand
 to promote the interests of NZ Agritech and
its members. Cullen Agritech will assist members of NZ Agritech to mitigate barriers of market entry and provide the opportunity
to realize potential growth in various markets. This alliance reflects an important connection to participants of New Zealand&rsquo;s
agricultural technology industry and enables us to offer its customers the benefit of our advanced technologies.


will help to build our business and operations.




operating within the agricultural science industry
 including those which have developed or that otherwise promote products and/or
technologies that compliment our business objectives. A number of these third parties are seeking to expand into markets in which
we will undertake business activities. Management believes that we are positioned to partner with such third parties to assist
with market entry and that joint venture opportunities exist in respect to product and technology adaptation services
 in addition
to potential marketing arrangements.


 2009
 Cullen Agritech entered into a strategic
cooperation agreement with NZ Agritech. Pursuant to the agreement
 Cullen Agritech will assist members of NZ Agritech to mitigate
barriers of market entry and provide the opportunity to realize the potential growth in various markets. NZ Agritech in turn will
actively promote to its members its alliance with Cullen Agritech. Accordingly
 this relationship with NZ Agritech presents Cullen
Agritech with the opportunity to enter joint ventures and strategic alliances with New Zealand companies offering innovative products
and technologies which promote efficient farming systems
 including those seeking assistance with adaptation to the Southeastern
United States. The agreement is perpetual in nature but may be terminated by either party upon three months&rsquo; notice. Cullen
Agritech is obligated to pay a fee to NZ Agritech annually
 in arrears
 based on its dealings with NZ Agritech&rsquo;s members.
No such dealings have taken place to date and therefore no fee is currently owed. The fee is to be negotiated on a year by year
basis.


 we believe the know-how residing
in its pasture-based farming system will present the opportunity for joint ventures with federal and state departments and businesses
including dairy cooperatives
 universities
 training institutions and farmers.




world&rsquo;s largest agricultural companies
 including producer cooperatives
 corporate farmers
 investment funds and agricultural
technology providers. Our expertise can be applied across a range of global regions and production systems that utilize pasture
systems and technologies for food animal production and can assist industry and government organizations in adapting these technologies
to their regions and production requirements. Natural Dairy&rsquo;s customer base will be predominately milk cooperatives that
supply processing facilities.




service providers that might develop a globally focused consultancy capacity that is focused on the grazing model and technologies.
To our knowledge
 there is currently no other entity operating in the global grazing technology industry
 provided
 however companies
could potentially develop this capability. These potential competitors include PGG Wrightson (NZ)
 Livestock Improvement Corporation
(NZ)
 New Zealand Farming System Uruguay (NZ)
 Grasslands Consultancy LLC (Mo
 USA)
 Manuka Farming (Chile) and Fonterra. To management&rsquo;s
knowledge
 none of these companies currently provide agricultural consultancy services of significance outside their country of
incorporation and may have limited capacity to move to other regions as a technology provider.


    
    



milk producers across the United States
 the effect of such competition is not expected to be adverse given the supply gap that
exists in the liquid milk market in the Southeastern United States.




officer.



    
    






    
    






    
    



Seven Oaks Rd.
 Waynseboro
 Georgia 30380. The office space is provided to us at no charge from Hart Acquisitions LLC (&ldquo;Hart&rdquo;)
an affiliate of Richard Watson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Scientific Officer and director. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations.



    
    






    
    





    
    






    

 RELATED STOCKHOLDER
    MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.





Board under the symbols
 CAGZ and CAGZW
 respectively. The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices for
the common stock and warrants for the periods indicated for the last two fiscal years:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





 2013
 there were 24 holders of record of
our common stock and 14 holders of record of our warrants.




date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings
 if any
 capital requirements
and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of our board of directors. It is the
present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings
 if any
 for use in our business operations and
 accordingly
our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.



    
    





    
    




    

    AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.



in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes thereto contained in this report.




conduct our operations through our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agricultural Technologies Inc. (&ldquo;Cullen Agritech&rdquo;).
Cullen Agritech conducts its operations primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Natural Dairy Inc. (&ldquo;Natural Dairy&rdquo;).
To date
 we have not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement our business plan described
below.


property in forage and animal sciences to improve agricultural yields. The Company was formed to develop
 adapt and implement
grazing-based farming systems in regions of the world where the geophysical and climatic conditions are suitable for a pasture-based
model. While the potential for the pasture or grazing model is significant in many of the world&rsquo;s developed and developing
economies
 the systems are highly specific and require significant adaptation and modification to be successful. We have identified
the global dairy industry as a primary opportunity in which our systems can be applied to improve yields on land and drive cost-base
efficiencies. We believe that cost savings of up to 40-50% are achievable in the long term. Further
 we believe the high cost
structure
 which is employed by over 95% of milk producers in the U.S. and supported by government subsidies
 will help to maintain
a floor to milk prices in the U.S. and provide us with long term margin protection. By having direct access to a domestic market
we believe our business plan provides a unique opportunity to invest directly into food production while limiting earnings volatility
linked to foreign exchange exposure
 typically associated with returns from commodity production in exporting countries
 such
as New Zealand. In addition
 we believe the potential opportunity to vertically integrate
 while maintaining control of the supply
chain
 provides a further opportunity to reduce volatility and maximize profitability.


27
 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Triplecrown&rdquo;)
 a blank check company
 to
complete a business combination (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) with Cullen Agritech
 as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization
 dated as of September 4
 2009
 as amended
 among us
 Triplecrown
 CAT Merger Sub
 Inc. (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
Cullen Agritech and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Cullen Holdings&rdquo;). Prior to the Merger
 we were a wholly owned subsidiary
of Triplecrown
 Merger Sub was our wholly owned subsidiary and Cullen Holdings was the sole stockholder of Cullen Agritech. Pursuant
to the Merger
 (i) Triplecrown merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation
and (ii) Merger Sub merged with and into Cullen Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as the Company&rsquo;s wholly owned subsidiary.
As a result of the Merger
 the former security holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became our security holders and we became
a public holding company
 operating through Cullen Agritech.




to obtain land development financing backed by the property we owned and operated to support our working capital needs and implement
our business plan. However
 due to the performance of similar types of farming operations in the region
 as well as the general
economic downturn
 financial institutions have been unwilling to provide such financing. As a result
 we have been unable to obtain
the necessary funding to support the implementation of our business plan at this time. Accordingly
 we have explored all financing
and strategic alternatives available to us. During 2010 through May 2012
 the Company disposed of approximately 3
635 acres of
land
 constituting all of the Company&rsquo;s property which it had planned to use to deploy its pasture based dairy and beef
business plan. We used the capital received from such sales to support our working capital needs
 retire certain of our outstanding
debt to reduce our interest obligations and avoid running costs of non -irrigated land which was unsuitable for our business plan.


    
    



financing to allow us to implement our pasture based dairy and beef business plan
 or to seek alternative opportunities available
to us unrelated to our business plan in an effort to maximize shareholder value. To this end
 the Company has in the past had
and may in the future have
 discussions with potential merger candidates wishing to become publicly traded. There is no assurance
that the Company will be successful in any of such efforts.




October 22
 2009
 our activities have been primarily focused on raising capital to fund our business plan and the sale of land
to meet our working capital requirements and repay our outstanding debt. Prior to October 22
 2009 we and our wholly-owned subsidiary
were &ldquo;shell companies&rdquo; and conducted no business operations and did not own or lease any real estate or other property.
Our activities during this time were limited to our organization
 the preparation and filing with the SEC of a Registration Statement
on Form S-4 and other matters related to the Merger. To date
 we have not generated any revenue.




 2012
we had a net loss of $ 49
592. We did not generate any revenues during this period and we are a development stage company. Our
expenses of $336
506 for the year ended December 31
 2012 consisted primarily of legal
 accounting and consulting fees
 payroll
and employee related expenses
 and other general corporate and administrative expenses of $25
835
 $143
403
 $51
722 and $115
546
respectively.


 2011
we had a net income of $253
790. We did not generate any revenues during this period and we are a development stage company. Our
expenses of $462
731 for the year ended December 31
 2011 consisted primarily of legal
 accounting and consulting fees
 payroll
and employee related expenses
 and other general corporate and administrative expenses of $60
494
 $139
218
 $79
297 and $183
722
respectively.


 2009 (inception)
through December 31
 2012
 we had a net loss of $4
542
855 We did not generate any revenues during this period and are a development
stage company. Our expenses of $2
916
423 for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2012 consisted primarily
of legal
 accounting and consulting fees of $892
067 as well as payroll and employee related expenses of $575
123 and other general
corporate and administrative expenses of $1
449
232.


 2012
we had other income
 net of $288
112 related to lease income
 note payable interest expense related to tractor and gain from the
sale of land
 and a $1
198 provision for income tax.


 2011
we had other income
 net of $719
878 related to lease income
 note payable interest expense related to tractor and a mortgage
payable to a related party
 reversal of legal settlement charge
 calf deaths
 loss from beef grazing operations
 the sale of timber
corn and hay and loss from the sale of land and impairment loss on property
 and a $3
357 provision for income tax.


 2009 (inception)
through December 31
 2012
 we had other expenses
 net of $1
620
267 related to lease income
 note payable interest expense related
to tractor and a mortgage payable to a related party
 legal settlement recovery
 calf deaths
 loss from beef grazing operations
the sale of timber
 corn and hay
 loss from the sale of land and impairment loss on property
 plant and equipment and a $6
165
provision for income tax.




 2009 (inception)
through December 31
 2012
 we did not have any sources of revenue and incurred a net loss of $4
542
855. As of December 31
 2012
we had $2
239
619 available cash and a working capital of $2
239
591.


    
    





 assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships
 often referred to as variable interest entities
 which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements.


sheet financing arrangements
 established any special purpose entities
 guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities
or acquired any non-financial assets.




described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. However certain accounting policies are particularly important to
the portrayal of financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgments by management.
In applying those policies
 management used its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in determination
of certain estimates. Our accounting policy will be to use estimates based on terms of existing contracts
 observance of trends
in the industry and information available from outside sources
 as appropriate.


Pronouncements in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 1. Management does not believe that any recently issued
but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.



    
    






    
    



is included herein by reference.



    

    FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.






    
    





that material information relating to us is made known to the officers who certify our financial reports and to other members
of senior management and the board of directors.


 2012
 our principal
executive and principal financial and accounting officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective.


    
    


Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting


adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over
financial reporting is a process used to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and
the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with the authorization of our board of directors and management; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.


limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. However
 these inherent limitations are known
features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
 it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
 though
not eliminate
 this risk.


 under
the supervision of and with the participation of the principal executive and principal financial and accounting officer
 assessed
the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012 based on criteria for
 (1992) created by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment
 the Company&rsquo;s management
concluded that the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2012.


not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting as such report is not required for non-accelerated filers.




 2012
 there were
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially
affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.




 no matter how well conceived and operated
can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable
assurance of achieving its objectives. Our principal executive and principal financial and accounting officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level.



    
    





    
    






    

 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.








    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 has been our chief executive officer
secretary and treasurer and a member of our board of directors since our inception in August 2009. Mr. Watson was also the chairman
and treasurer of Triplecrown from its inception in June 2007 until the Merger in October 2009. He has also been the chief executive
officer of Cullen Agritech since its inception in June 2009. He has been instrumental in our early development and his business
experience includes numerous acquisitions which make him well-suited to act as our chief executive officer and a member of our
board as we seek to expand our business.


 Mr. Watson has been the executive chairman
of
 and interests associated with him own
 Cullen Investments Limited
 an international private investment company which has its
origins in a start up founded by Mr. Watson through which he has actively invested his own capital in a range of successful mergers
and acquisitions. Mr. Watson and his associated interests have a substantial portfolio comprising interests in the fashion retail
financial services
 real estate
 sports and entertainment sectors. Cullen Investments interests include Bendon
 a global lingerie
company whose prestige brands include the licensed Elle Macpherson Intimates and Stella McCartney labels.


 Mr. Watson served as the
chairman of the board and treasurer of Endeavor Acquisition Corp.
 an NYSE Mkt listed blank check company formed to acquire an
operating business. Endeavor Acquisition Corp. consummated its business combination with American Apparel
 Inc. on December 12
2007. From January 2007 to April 2009
 Mr. Watson was the chairman of the board and treasurer of Victory Acquisition Corp.
 a
blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition or other similar business
combination with an operating business in any industry other than the franchising
 financial services or healthcare industries.
Victory Acquisition Corp. did not consummate a business combination and liquidated as a result.


 Mr. Watson was the founding
chairman and largest stockholder of Blue Star Group
 a retail and distribution group he founded in January 1992. In 1996
 Blue
Star Group was sold to U.S. Office Products
 a diversified supplier of a broad range of office products and business services
to corporate customers. Until August 1999
 Mr. Watson continued as executive chairman of Blue Star Group
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
of U.S. Office Products after the acquisition. Following the acquisition of Blue Star Group by U.S. Office Products
 Mr. Watson
served as a director of McCollam Printers from July 1997 to June 1998. Prior to serving with U.S. Office Products
 Mr. Watson
held several positions with Xerox Corporation
 an office products company
 including president of operations for Australasia.


University in 1989. Mr. Watson is the half-brother of Dr. Richard Watson
 a member of our board of directors.


    
    


 has served as the chief scientific
officer of Natural Dairy since September 2009 and has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2009. Dr. Watson
was one of the key individuals that helped create and refine the intellectual property utilized in our business and we therefore
believe he is well suited to serve as a member of our board. From June 2008 until September 2009
 Dr. Watson was employed by Cullen
Investments. From October 2006 to June 2008
 Dr. Watson served as a senior scientist in the Forage Improvement Group at AgResearch
(NZ)
 New Zealand&rsquo;s largest Crown Research Institute with expertise in biological science. While there
 he led the development
of the proprietary farming system and completed all the testing and research related to the forage
 livestock and farm management
strategies that is utilized by Cullen Agritech. From January 2004 to August 2006
 Dr. Watson was affiliated with the Department
of Plant and Soil Sciences at Mississippi State University where he served as the State Extension Forage Specialist and Assistant
Research Professor (the first non-United States person to hold this position and the first New Zealander to hold a State Forage
Extension appointment in the United States). From April 2000 to December 2002
 Dr. Watson served in a post-doctoral faculty position
with the Department of Crop and Soil Science at the University of Georgia. Dr. Watson received a Bachelor of Agricultural Science
Master of Applied Science (with honors) and Doctor of Philosophy degrees from Massey University. Dr. Watson is the half-brother
of Eric J. Watson.

 has been a member of our board
of directors since October 2009. We believe Mr. Hersov&rsquo;s contacts and past business experience make him well suited to serve
as a member of our board. Since January 2004
 Mr. Hersov has been the vice chairman of NetJets Europe Ltd.
 a subsidiary of NetJets
Inc.
 a private aviation and fractional jet ownership company which was acquired by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. in 1998. Mr. Hersov
founded and
 from December 2002 to April 2004
 served as the chief executive officer of Marquis Jet Europe
 a private aviation
company which was acquired by NetJets
 Inc. in 2004. Since September 2007
 Mr. Hersov has served as a non-executive director of
Australian privately-owned company Global Aviation Leasing Group. Mr. Hersov is also chairman of Sapinda Limited
 a UK private
company
 which is the main shareholder of Vatas GmbH
 a private German investment company. Mr. Hersov also founded and
 from October
1998 to December 2002
 served as the chairman of Sportal Ltd.
 a company that operates an Internet site that offers sports-related
games and videos. From October 1996 to September 1998
 he served as the executive director of Enic plc
 a holding company listed
on the London Stock Exchange that invests primarily in the sports and media sectors. From September 1995 to September 1997
 Mr.
Hersov was the chief executive officer of Telepiu PayTV in Milan
 Italy
 a pay TV and digital satellite company. From March 1993
to August 1995
 Mr. Hersov served as an executive director of Richemont
 a tobacco
 luxury and media conglomerate listed on the
SWX Swiss Exchange. We believe Mr. Hersov&rsquo;s investment background will assist us in sourcing new avenues of financing needed
to expand our business. Since June 2005
 Mr. Hersov has been a member of the board of directors of Shine Media Acquisition Corp.
a blank check company that was formed to acquire a direct or indirect interest in an operating business in the media and advertising
industry in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. He was a director of Endeavor Acquisition Corp. from July 2005 to December 2007
a director of Victory Acquisition Corp. from January 2007 to April 2009 and a director of Triplecrown from June 2007 to October
2009. Mr. Hersov received a B.B.S. from the University of Cape Town in 1982 and a M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School in 1989.

 has been a member of our board
of directors since October 2009. We believe Ms. Kennedy&rsquo;s contacts and philanthropic work make her well suited to serve
as a member of our board. She is an American human rights activist and writer. In April 1988
 she established the Robert F. Kennedy
Memorial Center for Human Rights and acted as its executive director until January 1995 working on diverse human rights issues.
Ms. Kennedy has been the Chair of the Amnesty International Leadership Council since January 1996. She was a director of Endeavor
Acquisition Corp. from July 2005 to December 2007
 a director of Victory Acquisition Corp. from January 2007 to April 2009 and
a director of Triplecrown from June 2007 to October 2009. She also serves on the board of directors of the International Center
for Ethics and Justice and Public Life at Brandeis University. Ms. Kennedy received a B.A. from Brown University in 1982 and an
LLM from Boston College Law School in 1987.


    
    


 has been a member of our board
of directors since October 2009. We believe Mr. Roberts&rsquo; contacts and past business experience
 including at the Securities
and Exchange Commission
 make him well suited to serve as a member of our board. In March 2006
 Mr. Roberts co-founded a regulatory/legislative
consulting firm
 Roberts
 Raheb &amp; Gradler LLC. He was a partner with Thelen Reid &amp; Priest LLP
 a national law firm
 from
January 1997 to March 2006. From August 1995 to January 1997
 Mr. Roberts was a consultant at Princeton Venture Research
 Inc.
a private consulting firm. From 1990 to 1995
 Mr. Roberts was a commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and
 in
this capacity
 was actively involved in
 has written about or has testified on
 a wide range of subjects affecting the capital
markets. We believe his experience at the Commission will provide us with necessary insight into the requirements and needs of
an emerging public company like ours. Since leaving the Commission
 Mr. Roberts has been a frequent media commentator and writer
on various securities public policy issues and has assisted the Governments of Romania and Ukraine in the development of a securities
market. Mr. Roberts is a member of the board of directors of Red Mountain Resources
 Inc.
 an independent
 growth oriented energy
company that intends to acquire and develop oil and gas properties. He was a director of Nyfix
 Inc. from September 2005 to December
2009
 Endeavor Acquisition Corp. from July 2005 to December 2007
 a director of Victory Acquisition Corp. from January 2007 to
April 2009 and a director of Triplecrown from June 2007 to October 2009. From 1987 to 1990
 he was the chief of staff for Senator
Richard Shelby. He is a member of the Alabama Bar and the District of Columbia Bar. Mr. Roberts is a member of the Advisory Board
of Securities Regulation &amp; Law Reports
 of the Advisory Board of the International Journal of Disclosure and Governance
 and
of the Editorial Board of the Municipal Finance Journal. Mr. Roberts also previously served as a member of the District 10 Regional
Consultative Committee of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 the Market Regulation Advisory Board of the FINRA
 and
the Legal Advisory Board of the FINRA. Mr. Roberts received a B.E.E. from Auburn University in 1973
 a J.D. from the University
of Alabama School of Law in 1976
 and a Master of Laws from the George Washington University Law Center in 1981.

 has been a member of our board
of directors since October 2009. We believe Mr. Hanson&rsquo;s business experience and contacts and relationships make him well
suited to serve as a member of our board. Mr. Hanson has served as a principal of Global Partners Fund
 a private equity fund
investing in asset backed businesses
 since 2009. Prior to this
 he was a director of Babcock &amp; Brown (UK) Ltd. Babcock &amp;
Brown was a principal investment firm headquartered in Sydney and Mr. Hanson worked in the London office from 1997 to 2009. He
focused on Private Equity and Real Estate. Mr Hanson received a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Auckland in New Zealand.




board. These individuals are not required to commit any particular amount of time to our business and will simply provide advice
introductions to potential customers
 and assistance to us
 at our request
 only if they are able to do so. Nevertheless
 we believe
with their business background and extensive contacts
 they will be helpful to our business.

Dr. Hugh Blair
 Ph.D.

and head of the animal science department at Massey University since 1995. He was also appointed the deputy head of the Institute
of Veterinary
 Animal and Biomedical Sciences in 1998 and served as its acting head in 2009. Dr. Blair has held lectureships in
the United States
 Scotland
 Denmark
 Canada and Ireland and has authored over 170 peer-review articles.

Dr. Joe Bouton
 Ph.D.

vice president and forage improvement division director at the Samuel Roberts Nobel Foundation
 a nonprofit organization conducting
agricultural
 forage improvement and plant biology research
 providing grants to non-profit charitable
 educational and health
organizations
 and assisting farmers and ranchers through educational and consultative agricultural programs
 since May 2004.
Previously
 Dr. Bouton was a professor at the University of Georgia. He has 17 commercialized cultivars released for use in the
United States.

 has served as a business development
manager for the Institute of Veterinary
 Animal and Biomedical Sciences at Massey University since June 2003. Mr. Brake has also
hosted lectures in agricultural business and finance at Massey University.

Dr. Todd White
 
 was an employee of Cullen
Agritech from January 2010 to August 2010. From 2003 to 2010
 Dr. White was a scientist with the Agricultural Systems Group of
AgResearch and was appointed a senior scientist in 2008. At AgResearch
 Dr. White lead research and development programs aimed
at developing pasture-based animal production models. Prior to joining AgResearch
 Dr. White spent three years in a post-doctoral
forage research position at Iowa State University.


    
    


&nbsp;has been a professor at
the Centre for Nutrition Modeling at the University of Guelph in Canada since September 1999. Prior to this
 Dr. McBride served
on the Board of Agriculture and Natural Resources for the United States National Academy of Sciences. Dr. McBride has also been
a long-time member of the Committee on Animal Nutrition at the United States National Research Counsel (&ldquo;NRC&rdquo;)
 which
coordinated the publication of the NRC&rsquo;s Nutrient Requirement series on nutrient requirements of domestic animals. Dr. McBride
has authored over 275 scientific publications in his career.

&nbsp;has been a private investor/consultant
since June 2009. Previously
 Mr. Culpepper served with the Georgia Department of Agriculture from June 1999 to June 2009 where
his responsibilities included guidance for compliance of animal production systems.

Dr. Nick Hill
 Ph.D.

as a professor of plant sciences in the Department of Crop and Soil Sciences at the University of Georgia since January 1986.
Dr. Hill leads research programs aimed at exploring the application of new forage species and the environmental impacts of grazing
dairies in Georgia. Dr. Hill has also been a founding partner and president of Agrinostics Ltd.
 a diagnostic production company
that tests corps for pathogens and toxins
 since September 1997.




our officers
 directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers
 directors and ten percent stockholders
are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on copies of such forms
received or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required for those persons
 we believe
that
 during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 all required filings were timely made by our officers
 directors and greater
than ten percent beneficial owners
 except for (i) a Form 4 filed by Drawbridge Special Opportunities GP LLC (and related reporting
persons) on November 21
 2012 for a sale of securities which occurred on November 16
 2012 and (ii) a Form 4 filed by Fortress
Investment Group LLC (and related reporting persons) on November 21
 2012 for a sale of securities on November 16
 2012.




 our board of directors
adopted a code of ethics that applies to our directors
 officers and employees as well any subsidiaries we may have in the future.
Requests for copies of our code of ethics should be sent in writing to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.
 1193 Seven Oaks Rd.
Waynseboro
 Georgia 30380.






of Kerry Kennedy
 who is an independent director under the NYSE Mkt&rsquo;s listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible
for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers
persons identified by its members
 management
 stockholders and others.


 which are specified
in the nominating committee charter
 generally provide that persons to be nominated:



    
    
should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business
    education or public service;




    
    
should possess the requisite intelligence
 education and experience to
    make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills
 diverse perspectives and backgrounds
    to its deliberations; and



    
    




    
    
should have the highest ethical standards
 a strong sense of professionalism
    and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders.



relating to management and leadership experience
 background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person&rsquo;s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes
 such as
financial or accounting experience
 to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons.


security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.




Hanson
 Robert Hersov and Richard Y. Roberts
 each of whom has been determined to be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as defined in Rule
10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the rules of the NYSE Mkt. The audit committee&rsquo;s duties
 which are specified in our audit
committee charter
 include
 but are not limited to:



    
    
reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor
    the annual audited financial statements
 and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be
    included in our Form 10-K;




    
    
discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial
    reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements;




    
    
discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management
    policies;




    
    
    




    
    
verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having
    primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;




    
    
inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable
    laws and regulations;




    
    
pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to
    be performed by our independent auditor
 including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;




    
    
    




    
    
determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent
    auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting)
    for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;




    
    
establishing procedures for the receipt
 retention and treatment of complaints
    received by us regarding accounting
 internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial
    statements or accounting policies; and




    
    
reviewing and approving any related party transactions we may enter into.
    The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction
 including
    whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party
    under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party&rsquo;s interest in the transaction.



    
    





of &ldquo;independent directors&rdquo; who are &ldquo;financially literate&rdquo; as defined under the NYSE Mkt listing standards.
The definition of &ldquo;financially literate&rdquo; generally means being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements
including a company&rsquo;s balance sheet
 income statement and cash flow statement.


 our board of directors has determined that Edward
Hanson qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC.




Richard Y. Roberts
 each of whom is an independent director. The principal functions of the compensation committee are:



    
    
evaluate the performance of our officers


    
    
    

    
    
review any compensation payable to our directors and officers


    
    
    

    
    
prepare compensation committee reports
 and

    
    
    

    
    
administer the issuance of any common stock or other equity awards issued to our officers
    and directors.




    
    



officers will be administered by our board in consultation with the compensation committee. Our compensation policies will be
intended to provide for compensation that is sufficient to attract
 motivate and retain executives of outstanding ability and
potential and to establish an appropriate relationship between executive compensation and the creation of shareholder value. To
meet these goals
 the compensation committee will be charged with recommending executive compensation packages to our board of
directors.


and equity-based compensation will be an important foundation in executive compensation packages as we believe it is important
to maintain a strong link between executive incentives and the creation of shareholder value. We believe that performance and
equity-based compensation can be an important component of the total executive compensation package for maximizing shareholder
value while
 at the same time
 attracting
 motivating and retaining high-quality executives. The adoption of the proposed incentive
compensation plan and the management incentive compensation plan reflect and will reflect what we believe is a focus on performance-
and equity-based compensation.




executive and financial officer and our only other executive officer (together
 our &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;) for
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012:



Name and
    Principal Position
    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chief Executive Officer

        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Natural Dairy
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
23
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
23
333
    




or bonus from us until we have positive earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization. At that time
 Mr. Watson
will be paid a salary and bonus as approved by our board of directors.


    
    



 2009
 Dr. Richard Watson and Natural Dairy entered into a three-year
employment agreement governing Dr. Watson&rsquo;s position as
Chief Scientific Officer of Natural Dairy
 which agreement was subsequently amended in 2010. Pursuant to the
agreement
 Dr. Watson was to receive a base salary of $35
000 and be issued $65
000 worth of our common stock on August 1st
of each year that the employment agreement was still in effect. The stock to be issued to Dr. Watson was to be valued at the
average trading price of our common stock for the 60-day period prior to the date of issuance. Dr. Watson was also entitled
to receive a bonus of up to 50% of the base salary subject to the sole discretion of Natural Dairy&rsquo;s board of
directors. In March 2011
 Natural Dairy and Dr. Watson further amended the employment agreement to eliminate any stock
based compensation for 2010 and going forward. The employment term was also changed to a month-to-month basis. As of January
2012
 the employment was terminated and Dr. Watson was no longer an employee of the Company.




December 31
 2012. We currently do not have a definitive compensation plan for our directors.




is designed to enable us to offer our employees
 officers
 directors and consultants whose past
 present and/or potential contributions
to us have been
 are or will be important to our success
 an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in us. The various
types of incentive awards that may be provided under the plan are intended to enable us to respond to changes in compensation
practices
 tax laws
 accounting regulations and the size and diversity of its business. The plan reserves 2
405
914 shares of
common stock for issuance in accordance with the plan&rsquo;s terms.


 directors and employees
as well as those of our subsidiaries
 are eligible to be granted awards under the plan. An incentive stock option may be granted
under the plan only to a person who
 at the time of the grant
 is an employee of ours or our subsidiaries. No awards have been
granted under the plan as of the date of this prospectus. All awards will be subject to the recommendations of the compensation
committee and approval by the board of directors or the compensation committee.




committee. Subject to the provisions of the plan
 the committee determines
 among other things
 the persons to whom from time
to time awards may be granted
 the specific type of awards to be granted
 the number of shares subject to each award
 share prices
any restrictions or limitations on the awards
 and any vesting
 exchange
 deferral
 surrender
 cancellation
 acceleration
 termination
exercise or forfeiture provisions related to the awards.




or terminated will be available for future award grants under the plan. If a holder pays the exercise price of a stock option
by surrendering any previously owned shares of common stock or arranges to have the appropriate number of shares otherwise issuable
upon exercise withheld to cover the withholding tax liability associated with the stock option exercise
 then
 in the board&rsquo;s
or committee&rsquo;s discretion
 the number of shares available under the plan may be increased by the lesser of the number of
such surrendered shares and shares used to pay taxes and the number of shares purchased under the stock option.


 on a change in the number of shares of common
stock as a result of a dividend on shares of common stock payable in shares of common stock
 common stock forward split or reverse
split or other extraordinary or unusual event that results in a change in the shares of common stock as a whole
 the terms of
the outstanding award will be proportionately adjusted.


    
    





employees
 officers
 directors and consultants who are deemed to have rendered
 or to be able to render
 significant services
to us and who are deemed to have contributed
 or to have the potential to contribute
 to our success.



 . The plan provides both for &ldquo;incentive&rdquo;
stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (&ldquo;Code&rdquo;)
 and for options
not qualifying as incentive options
 both of which may be granted with any other stock based award under the plan. The board or
committee determines the exercise price per share of common stock purchasable under an incentive or non-qualified stock option
which may not be less than 100% of the fair market value on the day of the grant or
 if greater
 the par value of a share of common
stock. However
 the exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a person possessing more than 10% of the total combined
voting power of all classes of stock may not be less than 110% of the fair market value on the date of grant. The aggregate fair
market value of all shares of common stock with respect to which incentive stock options are exercisable by a participant for
the first time during any calendar year (under all of our plans)
 measured at the date of the grant
 may not exceed $100
000 or
such other amount as may be subsequently specified under the Code or the regulations thereunder.


period commencing on October 22
 2009 and may only be exercised within ten years from the date of the grant
 or within five years
in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a person who
 at the time of the grant
 owns common stock possessing more
than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock. Subject to any limitations or conditions the board or
committee may impose
 stock options may be exercised
 in whole or in part
 at any time during the term of the stock option by
giving written notice of exercise to us specifying the number of shares of common stock to be purchased. The notice must be accompanied
by payment in full of the purchase price
 either in cash or
 if provided in the agreement
 in our securities or in combination
of the two.


 stock options granted under the plan may not be
transferred other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and all stock options are exercisable during the holder&rsquo;s
lifetime
 or in the event of legal incapacity or incompetency
 the holder&rsquo;s guardian or legal representative. However
 a
holder
 with the approval of the board or committee
 may transfer a non-qualified stock option by gift to a family member of the
holder
 by domestic relations order to a family member of the holder or by transfer to an entity in which more than 50% of the
voting interests are owned by family members of the holder or the holder
 in exchange for an interest in that entity.


 if the holder is an employee
 no stock options granted
under the plan may be exercised by the holder unless he or she is employed by us or a subsidiary of ours at the time of the exercise
and has been so employed continuously from the time the stock options were granted. However
 in the event the holder&rsquo;s employment
is terminated due to disability
 the holder may still exercise his or her vested stock options for a period of 12 months or such
other greater or lesser period as the board or committee may determine
 from the date of termination or until the expiration of
the stated term of the stock option
 whichever period is shorter. Similarly
 should a holder die while employed by us or a subsidiary
of ours
 his or her legal representative or legatee under his or her will may exercise the decedent holder&rsquo;s vested stock
options for a period of 12 months from the date of his or her death
 or such other greater or lesser period as the board or committee
may determine or until the expiration of the stated term of the stock option
 whichever period is shorter. If the holder&rsquo;s
employment is terminated due to normal retirement
 the holder may still exercise his or her vested stock options for a period
of 12 months from the date of termination or until the expiration of the stated term of the stock option
 whichever period is
shorter. If the holder&rsquo;s employment is terminated for any reason other than death
 disability or normal retirement
 the
stock option will automatically terminate
 except that if the holder&rsquo;s employment is terminated without cause
 then the
portion of any stock option that is vested on the date of termination may be exercised for the lesser of three months after termination
of employment
 or such other greater or lesser period as the board or committee may determine but not beyond the balance of the
stock option&rsquo;s term.


    
    


 . &nbsp;Under the plan
 stock
appreciation rights may be granted to participants who have been
 or are being
 granted stock options under the plan as a means
of allowing the participants to exercise their stock options without the need to pay the exercise price in cash. In conjunction
with non-qualified stock options
 stock appreciation rights may be granted either at or after the time of the grant of the non-qualified
stock options. In conjunction with incentive stock options
 stock appreciation rights may be granted only at the time of the grant
of the incentive stock options. A stock appreciation right entitles the holder to receive a number of shares of common stock having
a fair market value equal to the excess fair market value of one share of common stock over the exercise price of the related
stock option
 multiplied by the number of shares subject to the stock appreciation rights. The granting of a stock appreciation
right will not affect the number of shares of common stock available for awards under the plan. The number of shares available
for awards under the plan will
 however
 be reduced by the number of shares of common stock acquirable upon exercise of the stock
option to which the stock appreciation right relates.

 .&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the plan
 shares
of restricted stock may be awarded either alone or in addition to other awards granted under the plan. The board or committee
determines the persons to whom grants of restricted stock are made
 the number of shares to be awarded
 the price if any to be
paid for the restricted stock by the person receiving the stock from us
 the time or times within which awards of restricted stock
may be subject to forfeiture
 the vesting schedule and rights to acceleration thereof
 and all other terms and conditions of the
restricted stock awards.


 exchanged
assigned
 transferred
 pledged
 encumbered or otherwise disposed of
 other than to us
 during the applicable restriction period.
In order to enforce these restrictions
 the plan requires that all shares of restricted stock awarded to the holder remain in
our physical custody until the restrictions have terminated and all vesting requirements with respect to the restricted stock
have been fulfilled. Other than regular cash dividends and other cash equivalent distributions as we may designate
 pay or distribute
we will retain custody of all distributions made or declared with respect to the restricted stock during the restriction period.
A breach of any restriction regarding the restricted stock will cause a forfeiture of the restricted stock and any retained distributions.
Except for the foregoing restrictions
 the holder will
 even during the restriction period
 have all of the rights of a stockholder
including the right to receive and retain all regular cash dividends and other cash equivalent distributions as we may designate
pay or distribute on the restricted stock and the right to vote the shares.

 .&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the plan
other stock-based awards may be granted
 subject to limitations under applicable law
 that are denominated or payable in
 valued
in whole or in part by reference to
 or otherwise based on
 or related to
 shares of common stock
 as deemed consistent with the
purposes of the plan. These other stock-based awards may be in the form of purchase rights
 shares of common stock awarded that
are not subject to any restrictions or conditions
 convertible or exchangeable debentures or other rights convertible into shares
of common stock and awards valued by reference to the value of securities of
 or the performance of
 one of our subsidiaries.
These other stock-based awards may include performance shares or options
 whose award is tied to specific performance criteria.
These other stock-based awards may be awarded either alone
 in addition to
 or in tandem with any other awards under the plan
or any of our other plans.

 .&nbsp;&nbsp;If
any one person
 or more than one person acting as a group
 acquires the ownership of stock of the company that
 together with
the stock held by such person or group
 constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or combined voting power of the
our stock
 and our board of directors does not authorize or otherwise approve such acquisition
 then the vesting periods of any
and all stock options and other awards granted and outstanding under the plan shall be accelerated and all such stock options
and awards will immediately and entirely vest
 and the respective holders thereof will have the immediate right to purchase and/or
receive any and all common stock subject to such stock options and awards on the terms set forth in the plan and the respective
agreements respecting such stock options and awards. An increase in the percentage of stock owned by any one person
 or persons
acting as a group
 as a result of a transaction in which we acquire our stock in exchange for property is not treated as an acquisition
of stock.


 in the event of an acquisition by any one
person
 or more than one person acting as a group
 together with acquisitions during the 12-month period ending on the date of
the most recent acquisition by such person or persons
 of assets from the company that have a total gross fair market value equal
to or more than 50% of the total gross fair market value of all of our assets immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions
or if any one person
 or more than one person acting as a group
 acquires the ownership of our stock that
 together with the stock
held by such person or group
 constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or combined voting power of our stock
which has been approved by our board of directors
 (i) accelerate the vesting of any and all stock options and other awards granted
and outstanding under the plan
 or (ii) require a holder of any award granted under the plan to relinquish such award to us upon
the tender by us to the holder of cash in an amount equal to the repurchase value of such award. For this purpose
 gross fair
market value means the value of the assets of the company
 or the value of the assets being disposed of
 determined without regard
to any liabilities associated with such assets.


    
    



thereunder to the contrary
 no acceleration shall occur with respect to any award to the extent such acceleration would cause
the plan or an award granted thereunder to fail to comply with Section 409A of the Code.

 &nbsp;&nbsp;Unless otherwise provided in
the grant of an award
 the board or committee may
 in the event of a corporate transaction that has been approved by our board
of directors
 require a holder of any award granted under the plan to relinquish the award to us upon payment by us to the holder
of cash in an amount equal to the fair market value of the award.

 &nbsp;&nbsp;No participant may be
granted awards for more than 100
000 shares in any calendar year.

 &nbsp;&nbsp;The board or committee
may not modify or amend any outstanding option or stock appreciation right to reduce the exercise price of such option or stock
appreciation right
 as applicable
 below the exercise price as of the date of grant of such option or stock appreciation right.
In addition
 no option or stock appreciation right may be granted in exchange for
 or in connection with
 the cancellation or
surrender of an option or stock appreciation right or other award having a higher exercise price.



    
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
    AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.



ownership of our common stock as of March 13
 2013 by:



    
    
each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of
    our outstanding shares of common stock;




    
    
    




    
    
    



 we believe that all persons named
in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.



    
    
    
        
    
    
    
        
        
        
    

    
    
    
13
706
148
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
096
895
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
961
400
    
    
    
    
    

The Goldman Sachs Group
 Inc.(15)
    
    
1
067
929
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
946
148
    
    
    
    
    








    
    



    
    




    
Unless otherwise indicated
 the business address of each of the individuals
    is 1193 Seven Oaks Rd.
 Waynseboro
 Georgia 30380.




    
Mr. Watson&rsquo;s business address is Level 9
 68 Shortland Street
    P.O. Box 91269
 Auckland
 New Zealand.




    
Includes (i) 11
206
148 shares of common stock held by Cullen Holdings
    and (ii) 2
500
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by Mr. Watson.&nbsp;&nbsp;Does not include
    6
630
000 warrants held by Summit Trust that are not exercisable and may not become exercisable within 60 days.




    
Ms. Kennedy&rsquo;s business address is c/o Robert F. Kennedy Center
    1367 Connecticut Avenue N.W.
 Suite 200
 Washington
 D.C. 20036.




    
Does not include 60
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
    of warrants that are not exercisable and may not become exercisable within 60 days.




    
Mr. Hersov&rsquo;s business address is NetJets Europe
 Ltd.
 Grundstrasse
    12
 6343 Rotkreuz
 Switzerland.




    
Mr. Roberts&rsquo; business address is Roberts
 Raheb &amp; Gradler
    805 15th Street
 NW
 Suite 1101
 Washington
 DC 20005.




    
Mr. Hanson&rsquo;s business address is c/o Edward Hanson
 22 Bruton Street
    Third Floor
 London W1J 6QE
 UK.




    
The business address of Pine River Capital Management L.P. is 601 Carlson
    Parkway
 Suite 330
 Minnetonka
 MN 55305.




    
Includes (i) 1
685
624 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
    of warrants beneficially owned by Nisswa Acquisition Master Fund Ltd.
 (ii) 7
510
363 shares of common stock issuable upon
    the exercise of warrants beneficially owned by Nisswa Master Fund Ltd. and (iii) 1
818
742 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of warrants beneficially owned by Nisswa Fixed Income Master Fund Ltd.&nbsp;&nbsp;Pine River Capital Management
    L.P.
 as the investment manager of each of the foregoing funds
 and Brian Taylor
 as the general partner of Pine River Capital
    Management L.P.
 may be deemed to beneficially own all such shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each of Mr. Taylor and the foregoing entities
    has shared power to vote and dispose of the shares beneficially owned by them.&nbsp;&nbsp;The foregoing information was derived
    from a Schedule 13D filed on November 3
 2009
 as amended on April 11
 2011.




    
Mr. Ledecky&rsquo;s business address is 970 West Broadway
 PMB 402
 Jackson
    WY 83001.




    
Includes (i) 600
000 shares of common stock held by Hat Tricks LLC
 an
    affiliate of Mr. Ledecky
 and (ii) 2
500
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by Mr. Ledecky.&nbsp;&nbsp;Does
    not include 600
000 warrants held by Hat Tricks LLC and 6
630
000 warrants held by Mr. Ledecky that are not exercisable and
    may not become exercisable within 60 days.




    
The business address of the President and Fellows of Harvard College
    is c/o Harvard Management Company
 Inc.
 600 Atlantic Avenue
 Boston
 MA 02210.




    
Includes 2
961
400 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
    of warrants.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The President and Fellows of Harvard College have sole power to vote and dispose of such shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
    foregoing information was derived from a Schedule 13G filed on November 10
 2009.




    
The business address of Goldman
 Sachs &amp; Co. is 85 Broad Street
    New York
 New York 10004.




    
Represents shares beneficially owned by certain operating units of The
    Goldman Sachs Group
&nbsp;&nbsp;Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates.&nbsp;&nbsp;The foregoing information was derived
    from a Schedule 13G filed on February 10
 2011.





    
Includes 2
500
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants
    that became exercisable upon consummation of the Merger. Does not include 6
810
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
    of warrants that are not exercisable and may not become exercisable within 60 days.



    
    





that may be issued upon the exercise of options
 warrants and rights under all of our existing equity compensation plans as of
December 31
 2012.



    
    
    
        
of&nbsp;outstanding&nbsp;options

        
        
    
    
    
        
        
options
&nbsp;warrants
        
        
    
    
    
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
    

Equity compensation plans approved
    by security holders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
405
914
    

Equity compensation plans
    not approved by security holders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
405
914
    




    

 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.&nbsp;



public offering (&ldquo;IPO&rdquo;)
 Triplecrown&rsquo;s officers
 directors and stockholders prior to the IPO (&ldquo;Triplecrown
Founders&rdquo;) acquired 13
800
000 units of Triplecrown
 representing 13
800
000 shares of common stock of Triplecrown and 13
800
000
warrants to purchase shares of common stock of Triplecrown for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000. All of these securities
were placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as escrow agent. The securities were to be released
from escrow one year from the consummation of a business combination
 except that they were to be released earlier than this date
if (i) Triplecrown&rsquo;s common stock had a last sales price equal to or exceeding $13.75 per unit for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period or (ii) Triplecrown consummated a subsequent liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash
 securities or other
property. In connection with the Merger
 the Triplecrown Founders had cancelled an aggregate of 11
380
000 shares of our common
stock that they acquired when their 11
380
000 shares of Triplecrown common stock were converted into shares of our common stock
upon consummation of the Merger. The remaining 2
420
000 shares that they acquired (the founders&rsquo; shares)
 as well as all
of the warrants that they received in exchange for their warrants (the founders&rsquo; warrants)
 were released from escrow on
October 22
 2010&nbsp;in accordance with the terms of the escrow agreement.


the IPO
 Triplecrown sold 2
500
000 warrants (the sponsors&rsquo; warrants) to each of Eric J. Watson and Jonathan J. Ledecky
Triplecrown&rsquo;s president and secretary
 at a purchase price of $1.00 per warrant. These purchases took place on a private
placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO. If we call our warrants for redemption
 the sponsors&rsquo; warrants
are not redeemable so long as such warrants are held by Messrs. Watson
 Ledecky or their affiliates
 including any permitted transferees.


    
    



founders&rsquo; shares and founders&rsquo; warrants (or underlying shares) and the holders of the majority the sponsors&rsquo;
warrants (or underlying shares) each will be entitled to make up to two demands that we register such shares or warrants (or underlying
shares) pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into with Triplecrown in connection with the IPO. The holders of the
majority of the founders&rsquo; shares and founders&rsquo; warrants can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time.
The holders of a majority of the sponsors&rsquo; warrants (or underlying shares) can elect to exercise these registration rights
at any time. In addition
 these holders have certain &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo; registration rights on registration statements filed
subsequent to such date. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.


 2009
 Dr. Richard
Watson became an employee of Natural Dairy pursuant to an employment agreement entered on August 31
 2009
 which was amended in
2010 and 2011. As of January 2012
 Dr. Watson was no longer an employee of the Company. Dr. Watson is the half-brother of Eric
Watson.

Upon the
Merger
 we issued to Cullen Holdings a promissory note in the amount of $6
853
918
 representing part of the purchase price of
a certain piece of land to be used by us following the Closing. This amount was to be repaid to Cullen Holdings at Closing but

 2010
 the parties amended the terms of the promissory note to extend
the maturity date to January 20

 2011
 the parties further amended the terms of the
promissory note to extend the maturity date to January 20
 2012. The promissory note accrued interest at the rate of 8% per annum.
As of December 31
 2010
 we had repaid Cullen Holdings $6
650
000 of the note
 consisting of $6
436
998 of principal and $213
002
of interest
 with $593
629 of the principal still outstanding. On April 6
 2011
 Cullen Holdings loaned us an additional $100
000
and as a result
 we issued an amended and restated promissory note of $693
629. We repaid the balance of the note in August 2011.


 2011
 we entered into
an agreement with Hart
 an affiliate of Richard Watson
 for the lease of 120 acres of our property from January 1
 2011 through
August 31
 2011. This area of land consists of 100 irrigated acres and 20 non-irrigated acres. The agreement called for Hart to
pay
 in advance
 $117 per acre of irrigated land and $33 per acre of non-irrigated land. The Company received $12
360 for the
lease of this land as of December 31
 2011.


 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement
with Hart
 a related party
 for the sale of all 342 of the Company&rsquo;s cattle for $436
950. The sale closed on December 9
2011 and the Company received $420
534 for the sale of the cattle due to certain adjustments made to pursuant to the terms of
the agreement. At December 31
 2011
 the Company did not own any cattle.




 wherever possible
all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interest
 except under guidelines approved
by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (i) the aggregate
amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120
000 in any calendar year
 (ii) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant
and (iii) any (a) executive officer
 director or nominee for election as a director
 (b) greater than 5 percent beneficial owner
of our common stock
 or (c) immediate family member
 of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b)
 has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 percent beneficial owner of
another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult
to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person
 or a member of his or
her family
 receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position.


 pursuant to its written charter
 is responsible
for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit committee will
consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction
 including whether the related party
transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar
circumstances and the extent of the related party&rsquo;s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval
of any transaction in which he is a related party
 but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material
information concerning the transaction. Additionally
 we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to
determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest
on the part of a director
 or officer.


    
    





a director is independent. As a result
 our board of directors consults with its counsel to ensure that the board&rsquo;s determinations
are consistent with those rules and all relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the independence of directors.
The NYSE Mkt requires that a majority of the board must be composed of &ldquo;independent directors
&rdquo; which is defined generally
as a person other than an officer of a company
 who does not have a relationship with the company that would interfere with the
director&rsquo;s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Consistent with these considerations
our board of directors has affirmatively determined that each of Robert B. Hersov
 Kerry Kennedy
 Richard Y. Roberts and Edward
Hanson will be our independent directors.


    
    


PART
IV



    
    



independent registered public accounting firm.&nbsp;The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum LLP for services rendered.




31
 2012 and 2011
 audit fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were $51
500 and $65
500
 respectively.




31
 2012
 we incurred no audit related fees. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2011
 we incurred audit related fees of
$4
000 for services related to the filing of registration statements.




31
 2012 and 2011
 we were billed $0 and $1
750
 respectively for tax services by our independent registered public accounting
firm.




31
 2012 and 2011
 there were no fees billed for services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other
than those set forth above.




the foregoing services.&nbsp;&nbsp;In accordance with Section 10A(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 before we engage
our independent accountant to render audit or non-audit services on a going-forward basis
 the engagement will be approved by
our audit committee.



    
    




    
    
    




    
No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
 dated as of September 4
 2009
 by and among Triplecrown
    Acquisition Corp.
 Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.
 Cullen Agricultural Technologies Inc.
 Triplecrown Merger Sub and Cullen
    Inc. Holdings Ltd.(1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
    
Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust
    Company and Triplecrown Acquisition Corp.(2)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 1 to Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
    Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. and Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Securities Escrow Agreement between Triplecrown Acquisition Corp.
 Continental Stock
    Transfer &amp; Trust Company and the Triplecrown Founders.(2)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement between Natural Dairy
 Inc. and Dr. Richard Watson.(1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Strategic Cooperation Agreement between Cullen Agricultural Technologies
 Inc. and New Zealand
    Agritech
 Inc.(3)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Registration Rights Agreement among Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. and the Triplecrown
    Founders.(2)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Escrow Agreement by and among Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.
 Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd.
    and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company.(1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Sales Contract with Landee Acres
 LLC(6)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Sales Contract with Wilbert Roller
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted
    Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted
    Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002



    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
    the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2011
 formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Financial Statements
 (ii) Balance
    Sheets
 (iii) Statements of Operations
 (iv) Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
 (v) Statement of Cash Flows and
    (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 as blocks of text and in detail.*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    









    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s
    Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-161773) filed on September 8
 2009.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to Triplecrown&rsquo;s Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-144523 and 333-146850) filed on September 24
 2007.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Cullen Agricultural Holding
    Corp.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-161773) filed on September 10
 2009.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to Cullen Agricultural Holding
    Corp.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-161773) filed on September 10
 2009.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed October 22
 2009.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s
    Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed October 27
 2010.




    
        
    
Incorporated by reference to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed May 13
 2011.

    
    
    

    
    
Incorporated by reference to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s Quarterly Report
    on Form 10-Q
 filed May 3
 2012.



    
    





of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized on the 14 day of March 2013.




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 and Treasurer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)




 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 and Treasurer (Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
March 14
 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 14
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 14
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 14
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 14
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 14
 2013

    
    
    
    
    



    
    












    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
    

    
    

Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2012
    and December 31
 2011 and the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2012
    

    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the period
    from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2012
    

    
    

Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2012
    and December 31
 2011 and the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2012
    

    
    

    
    



    
    









of Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries (a development stage company) (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December
31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows
for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 and for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2012. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audit.


the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not
required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries (a development
stage company)
 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December
31
 2012 and 2011 and for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2012 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.





 New York

 2013


    
    




    
    




Cullen Agricultural Holding
    Corp. and Subsidiaries

    

    

    

    




    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
239
619
1
028
119

    
1
871
27
943

    
32
236
33
345

    
    
    

    
2
273
726
1
089
407

    
    
    


 Net
91
861
1
374
812

    
    
    

    
2
365
587
2
464
219

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
23
965
30
511

    
    
27
943

    
    
4
668

    
10
170
9
883

    
    
    

    
34
135
73
005

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
462
20
632

    
    
    

    
10
462
20
632

    
    
    

    
44
597
93
637

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 shares; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    


 par value $0.0001; 200
000
000 shares authorized; 19
630
714 shares issued and outstanding
1
964
1
964

    
6
861
881
6
861
881

    
(4
542
855
(4
493
263

    
    
    

    
2
320
990
2
370
582

    
    
    

    
2
365
587
2
464
219



part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    




Cullen Agricultural Holding
    Corp. and Subsidiaries

    

    

    

    

    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2009

    
    
    
    

    

 2012

 2011

 2012

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
336
506
462
731
2
916
423

    
    
    
    

    
(336
506
(462
731
(2
916
423

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
(31
494
(456
135

    
    
    
(2
495

    
    
621
348
71
348


 plant and equipment
    
    
(963
172


 net
212
887
(53
752
(563
074


 net
76
000
184
763
293
261

    
    
    
    

    
288
112
719
878
(1
620
267

    
    
    
    

    
(48
394
257
147
(4
536
690

    
    
    
    

    
1
198
3
357
6
165

    
    
    
    

    
(49
592
253
790
(4
542
855

    
    
    
    

    
19
630
714
19
630
714
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    




Cullen Agricultural Holding
    Corp. and Subsidiaries

    

    

    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS'
    EQUITY

    

For the Period From June 3
 2009 (inception)
    through December 31
 2012

    




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

 - Beginning June 3
 2009 (inception)
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
247
211 shares at $0.0001 per share on October 22
 2009
19
247
211
1
925
6
061
820
    
6
063
745

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2009
    
    
    
(612
526
(612
526

    
    
    
    
    
    

 - December 31
 2009
19
247
311
1
925
6
061
920
(612
526
5
451
319

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
8
403
    
49
999
    
50
000

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
375
000
    
749
962
    
750
000

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2010
    
    
    
(4
134
527
(4
134
527

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2010
19
630
714
1
964
6
861
881
(4
747
053
2
116
792


 2011
    
    
    
253
790
253
790

    
    
    
    
    
    

 - December 31
 2011
19
630
714
1
964
6
861
881
(4
493
263
2
370
582


 2012
    
    
    
(49
592
(49
592

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2012
19
630
714
1
964
6
861
881
(4
542
855
2
320
990



part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    




Cullen Agricultural Holding
    Corp. and Subsidiaries

    

    

    




    
    
June 3
 2009 

    

 2012

 2011

 2012

    
    
    
    

    
(49
592
253
790
(4
542
855


    net cash used in operating activities:
    
    
    

    
(212
887
53
752
563
074

    
27
212
43
176
110
045


 plant and equipment
    
    
963
172

    
    
    
    

    
    
286
588
    

    
    
25
002
    

    
1
109
    
(32
236

    
    
    
1
349
969

    
(27
943
27
943
    

    
(6
546
(144
384
208
852

    
    
(550
000
    

    
(268
647
(3
422
(1
379
979

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(841
849

    
1
468
626
1
514
800
7
714
299

    
1
468
626
1
514
800
6
872
450

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
(693
629
(7
130
627

    
    
100
000
100
000

    
(6
539
(95
207
(329
060

    
27
943
61
154
318
568

    
(9
883
(9
605
(19
488

    
    
    
3
057
755

    
    
    
750
000

    
11
521
(637
287
(3
252
852

    
1
211
500
874
091
2
239
619

    
    
    
    

    
1
028
119
154
028
    

    
2
239
619
1
028
119
2
239
619

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
66
854
457
522

    
1
260
1
250
2
510

    
    
    
    


 plant and equipment through issuance of debt
    
    
40
120

    
    
    
50
000

    
    
    
176
709


 2009
 the Company completed its reverse merger and recapitalization by acquiring certain assets and assuming certain liabilities:
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
349
969

    
    
    
8
560
482

    
    
    
(6
853
918

    
    
    
(41
822

    
    
    
(8
621

    
    
    
(1
925

    
    
    
3
004
165



part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    







    
    


CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Organization
Business Operations and Significant Accounting Policies




&ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) was incorporated in Delaware on August 27
 2009.
We are a development stage company. Our principal focus is to use our intellectual property in forage and animal sciences to improve
agricultural yields. To date
 we have not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement
our business plan.


of Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Triplecrown&rdquo;)
 a blank check company. CAT Merger Sub
 Inc. (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
a Georgia corporation
 was incorporated as our wholly-owned subsidiary on August 31
 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown
to complete a business combination (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) with Cullen Agricultural Technologies
 Inc. (&ldquo;Cullen Agritech&rdquo;)
as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;)
 dated as of September 4
 2009
as amended
 among Triplecrown
 the Company
 Merger Sub
 Cullen Agritech and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Cullen Holdings&rdquo;).
Cullen Agritech was formed on June 3
 2009. Cullen Agritech&rsquo;s primary operations are conducted through Natural Dairy Inc.
a wholly owned subsidiary of Cullen Agritech. Cullen Holdings is an entity controlled by Eric J. Watson
 our Chief Executive Officer
Secretary
 Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and
 prior to the Merger
 was the holder of all of the outstanding common stock
of Cullen Agritech.


 (i) Triplecrown
merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation and (ii) Merger Sub merged
with and into Cullen Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
of the Merger
 the former security holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became the security holders of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;Thus
the Company became a holding company
 operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Merger was
consummated on October 22
 2009.




include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech
 including its wholly owned subsidiary
 Natural
Dairy. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


    
    


CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Organization
Business Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
 continued




short-term investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. These investments are
carried at cost
 which approximates fair value. The Company held no cash equivalents at December 31
 2012 and 2011.


insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;).&nbsp;Beginning December 31
 2010 through December 31
2012
 all noninterest-bearing transaction accounts are fully insured
 regardless of the balance of the account
 at all FDIC-insured
institutions. This unlimited insurance coverage is separate from
 and in addition to
 the insurance coverage provided to the depositor&rsquo;s
other accounts held by a FDIC-insured institution
 which are insured for balances up to $250
000 per depositor until December
31
 2013. At December 31
 2012

not incurred losses related to these deposits. 




net of accumulated depreciation. The Company charges repairs and maintenance items to expense
 while major improvements and betterments
are capitalized.


on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives of the assets:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





statements in conformity with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.


    
    


CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Organization
Business Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
 continued




assets in accordance with&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 360 &ldquo;Plant
 Property and Equipment
&rdquo; for purposes of determining and measuring impairment of its
long-lived assets other than goodwill. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to review the value assigned to its long lived assets to
determine if they have been permanently impaired by adverse conditions which may affect the Company whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.&nbsp;&nbsp;If the Company identifies a permanent impairment
such that the carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s long lived assets is not recoverable using the sum of an undiscounted cash
flow projection
 the impaired asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value
 based on an estimate of future discounted cash flows
which becomes the new cost basis for the impaired asset.&nbsp;&nbsp;Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate
undiscounted future operating cash flows and fair values and
 accordingly
 actual results could vary significantly from such estimates.




FASB ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 260&rdquo;). In accordance with ASC 260
 earnings per common share
amounts (&ldquo;Basic EPS&rdquo;) are computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. Earnings per common share amounts
 assuming dilution (&ldquo;Diluted EPS&rdquo;)
 gives effect to dilutive options
warrants
 and other potential common stock outstanding during the period. ASC 260 requires the presentation of both Basic EPS
and Diluted EPS on the face of the statements of operations. The effect of the Merger has been given retroactive application in
the EPS calculation. At December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 there were 74
000
000 warrants outstanding that were not included
in the calculation of diluted EPS because the effects of these securities would have been anti-dilutive.


using the average number of common shares outstanding and diluted earnings per share is computed on the basis of the average number
of common shares outstanding plus the effect of outstanding warrants using the &ldquo;treasury stock method.&rdquo;




in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 Income Taxes (ASC 740). ASC 740 requires an asset and liability approach
for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and establishes for all entities a minimum threshold for financial statement
recognition of the benefit of tax positions
 and requires certain expanded disclosures. The provision for income taxes is based
upon income or loss after adjustment for those permanent items that are not considered in the determination of taxable income.
Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of the Company's
assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The
Company evaluates the recoverability of deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation
of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In management's
opinion
 adequate provisions for income taxes have been made. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates
additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.


tax return and its state tax return in Georgia as major tax jurisdictions. Based on the Company's evaluation
 it has
been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company's consolidated financial
statements. The evaluation was performed for tax years of 2009 through 2012 which are open for tax authority review. The Company
believes that its income tax positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that
will result in a material change to its financial position or results of operations.


    
    


CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Organization
Business Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
 continued


interest and penalties associated with tax audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;There
were no amounts accrued for penalties and interest for years ended December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 or the period from
June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company does not expect its uncertain tax position to change
during the next twelve months.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments
 accruals or material deviations from its position.

Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting
Pronouncements


issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the consolidated financial
statements.




 2012 and December 31
2011
 property and equipment consisted of the following:



    

&nbsp;2012

&nbsp;2011

    
    
    

    
    
1
204
288

    
    
66
099

    
154
229
154
229

    
3
328
3
328

    
    
    

    
157
557
1
427
944

    
    
    

    
65
696
53
132

    
    
    


 net
91
861
1
374
812



3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2012 was $110
045. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 depreciation and amortization
expense was $ 27
212 and $43
176
 respectively.





 2012
and 2011
 Hart incurred combined costs of $0 and $88
634
 respectively
 related to the operations of Cullen Agritech and Natural
Dairy.&nbsp;&nbsp;These costs consisted of property related expenses of $52
234
 and employee related expenses of $36
400 for
the year ended December 31
 2011. During the year ended December 31
 2011
 Hart funded part of the operations of both Cullen Agritech
and Natural Dairy and incurred costs of a combined total of $27
428
 which consisted of property related expenses.


 2011
 the Company entered
into an agreement with Hart
 a related party
 for the sale of all 342 of the Company&rsquo;s cattle for $436
950. The sale closed
on December 9
 2011 and the Company receieved $420
534 for the sale of the cattle due to certain adjustments made to pursuant
to the terms of the agreement.


 2012 the
amount due from Hart was $1
871. At December 31
 2011 the amount due from Hart was $4
668.



 2011 receivable from related party consists
of $27
943 related to a federal withholding tax payable that was paid by the Company subsequent to December 31
 2011 on behalf
of Cullen Inc. Cullen Holdings repaid the amount to the Company in February 2012.


    
    


CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS




 2012
 the Company entered
into a Sales Contract (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Patrick and Sherry Farrell (collectively
 &ldquo;Farrell&rdquo;) to sell
to Farrell approximately 1
035 acres of the Company&rsquo;s remaining land for approximately $1
524
000. On May 15
 2012
 the
closing of the sale took place and the Company recognized a gain of $212
887 which is included in other income (expense)
 net
in the consolidated statements of operations. In conjunction with the Agreement
 the Company entered into a lease agreement
with Farrell to lease the 1
035 acres through the closing date for $76
000 which the Company recognized as rental income
during the year ended December 31
 2012 which is included in other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements of
operations.


 2011
 the Company entered
into an agreement with Hart Acquisitions LLC (&ldquo;Hart&rdquo;)
 an affiliate of one of the Company&rsquo;s directors
 for the
lease of 120 acres of the Company&rsquo;s property
 from January 1
 2011 through August 31
 2011. This area of land consists of
100 irrigated acres and 20 non irrigated acres. The agreement called for Hart to pay
 in advance
 $117 per acre of irrigated land
and $33 per acre of non irrigated land. The Company has recorded $12
360 of rental income from this lease for the year ended December
31
 2011
 which is included in other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements of operations.


 2011
 the Company entered
into a Sales Contract (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Wilbert Roller
 Jr. to sell approximately 1
035 acres of land for approximately
$1
625
000
 of which $100
000 was paid on signing with the balance due on closing of the transaction by December 31
 2011. In
conjunction with the Agreement the buyer leased the 1
035 acres through December 31
 2011. The Company recognized $50
000 as rental
income during the year ended December 31
 2011 which is included in other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements
of operations. The Company also recorded interest income related to this sales contract of $62
671 during the year ended December
31
 2011
 which is included in other income (expense)
 net.&nbsp;Since the closing of the land did not occur
 the Company recorded
a $100
000 gain related to the forfeited deposit
 which is included in other income (expense)
 net during the year ended December
31
 2011.


 2011
 the Company entered into
an agreement with Mims Farms to lease 79 acres of the Company&rsquo;s property from July 8
 2011 through December 31
 2011. During
July 2011
 the Company received $3
800 for the lease of this land
 which was recorded during the year ended December 31
 2011
and is included in other income (expense)
 net. The Company also entered into a sales contract for these 79 acres
 which was terminated
by Mims Farm. As a result of the termination
 the Company received $5
000
 which was recorded during the year ended December 31
2011 and is included in other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements of operations.


 2011
 the Company entered
into a sales contract with Mims Farm to which the Company sold these 79 acres of land for approximately $115
000. The Company
estimates the original purchase price for this land to be $110
174. After taking into account closing costs and broker commissions
the Company recorded a loss from the sale of this property of $3
071
 which is included in loss on sale of land and equipment
net during the year ended December 31
 2011.


 2010
 the Company entered
into a Beef Grazing Agreement (&ldquo;Grazing Agreement&rdquo;) with FPL Foods LLC (&ldquo;FPL&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Company
grazed FPL&rsquo;s cattle on land leased and owned by the Company from August 1
 2010 through January 15
 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company and FPL subsequently agreed that cattle would be returned to FPL and the Company and FPL would be released of their obligations.
The Company recorded a loss related to the Grazing Agreement of $30
318
 which is included in other income (expense)
 net during
year ended December 31
 2011.


 the Company entered into
an agreement with Landee Acres
 LLC (&ldquo;Landee&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which which Landee was obligated to purchase approximately
500 acres of land for approximately $1.49 million. On August 5
 2011 the sale of this land was completed. The Company estimates
the original purchase price for this land to be $1
450
306 and has recorded a loss from the sale of this property of $50
681 which
is included in loss on sale of land and equipment
 net during the year ended December 31
 2011.


to calf deaths of $13
749 which is included in other income (expense)
 net during the year ended December 31
 2011.


 2011
and for the period June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2011 the Company recorded a legal settlement recovery of $621
348
and $71
348
 respectively.


    
    


CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS




 2010 the Company entered into a note payable to
a financial institution due May 15
 2015
 payable in annual installments of $10
768
 which includes interest of 2.9% per annum.
The note payable is secured by certain farming equipment. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the outstanding principal balance was
$20
632 and $30
515
 
 respectively. At December 31
 2012
 principal payments due were as follows: 2013 - $10
170; and 2014 -
$10
462.




 2012 and 2011
 warrants
to purchase 74
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock were outstanding. These warrants have an exercise strike price
of $12.00 per share and expire October 22
 2013.




(the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) permits the granting of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and other stock
based awards to officers
 employees
 directors and consultants of the Company for up to 2
405
914
shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price on the date of
grant and they generally vest over a three year period and expire between 5 and 10 years from the date of
issuance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Stock appreciation rights may be awarded in tandem with an option and shall no longer be exercisable
upon termination or the exercise of the related option.&nbsp;&nbsp;The term of the stock appreciation right is determined by
the Plan&rsquo;s committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;Restricted stock and other stock based awarded at the discretion of the Plan&rsquo;s
committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 there have been no awards granted under this Plan.




are as follows:



    
 December 31
 2012
 December 31
 2011
 June 3
 December 31
 2012

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
198
3
357
6
165

    
1
198
3
357
6
165

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(11
192
84
024
(1
537
689

    
(1
303
9
787
(179
094

    
(12
495
93
811
(1
716
783

    
12
495
(93
811
1
716
783

    
    
    
    

    
1
198
3
357
6
165



 if applicable
are provided for the differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and income tax purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;A
valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.


    
    



that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:



    
 December 31

    
ended


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
365
620
365
620

    
    
18
802

    
1
390
724
1
348
127

    
    
    

    
1
756
344
1
732
549

    
    
    

    
(39
560
(28
261

    
(39
560
(28
261

    
1
716
784
(1
704
288

    
    
    



 2012 and 2011
 the
Company has an estimated net operating loss carry forward of $3
583
864 and $3
551
441 respectively
 which begin to expire starting
in 2029.&nbsp;&nbsp;If realized
 it would have an estimated tax benefit of approximately $1
390
724. Company has determined that
the deferred tax asset has no value at this time
 as the Company does not believe it will utilize these losses in the future
and accordingly has recorded a valuation allowance of 100% of the deferred tax asset.


 2012
 the valuation
allowance has increased by $12
495.


income taxes with the amounts computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax to income from continuing operations before
provision for income taxes is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 
    
December 31
 
June 3
December 31
 2012

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





after the balance sheet date but before the consolidated financial statements are issued. Based upon the evaluation
 the Company
did not identify any recognized or non recognized subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated
financial statements through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued.


    
















 created by BCL Technologies Inc.













































    














     









    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Cullen Agricultural Technologies
 Inc.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Natural Dairy
 Inc.*
    
    
    
    



 Inc. is 100% owned by Cullen Agricultural Technologies
Inc.



    














     







UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934
 AS AMENDED




 Eric Watson
 certify that:


reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in
this report;


responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the issuer is made known to me by others within those entities
 particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in this report any change in the issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer's most recent
fiscal quarter (the issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and


disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the issuer's auditors and the audit
committee of the issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and


    
    



fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer's internal
control over financial reporting.


 2013


    
    

    
    

    
Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Executive
    and 

    
    


    













     








SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


Holding Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 each of the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the dates indicated
below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
that:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company.


 2013



    
    

    
    

    
Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer (Principal
    Executive and Principal Financial 

    
    


    












begin 644 v334147_ex10-15x1x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HK\`?

M_2S\%?#P=:W7B+6OAQ\

@^(?A!J?BK
MPAX!D\+6?A[XH:3X?\)Z1INB2#^UO#/AG1])\,^+]9M['Q-XRT?7_$VGV.KV
MX!_;717\3'A3XX?M*?W_@@'_P`$_P#]LF#2OVO_`-KS3_B%\:O!OCW_`(*3


MC)\]4_X)N:Y\_CK\=O@MJOQ^_;I^$7[.WQ3E^&'QD^(WA+2_$7PJ\1/J4N





M
FCN8=-O;2UU#4(+H`_K'HKDO_@?PWX.\'Z=XT&TO8O#&E:9)I%I::EKFN
MZ_?FQF\[SDO-?\0:GJGB'4KB4SRM+?:CJMW?R
Y=[DL`1_#A^QK^TM;^%O\`
M@I'_`
%=/@C\?/VC_P!K#QC\/O!W[=7[-_[&O[&'[.









MG[0WB?\`9Z_9Q_9O^#WQ!^!OP5\=?M'_`!Y^(/PS^&?C#QQ\+?V8KGQ)K7AG
_$KX-?%CXD?/Q=H7_<?M)_!

M5^?O_!*0W]__`
$U/V#O&&N^(/%WB[QC\3_V0_V;_BQ\0O&'CSQGXL\?^+O&





/?^T7[?G[.G[.OQ6^
M-'B[_@E_X2^#4'A_XD_L^_M8?$?XH1?$/X1_&O7M'\)_VI!\$_A-^T;XM7]K





OV7O$%Q
M\5/B%\6OA1-K/Q4_9E_9N\;6]QI\&N^





M[KX)^)/?CCX[^,_AWX'^%/[.'B2ZU`^(/!'C'XY_$O1M-\'_WQIJ.H6T.K
M7&N?#BP\0:G:_$SQOK%C::M-'\



M

TGXE_

M+JNDZ_%H
5IHEQX:TWPYU_\`P6+_`&@OB+_P0Y_8:_:B^-/[.?C;Q7?:S^TS
M\8?@O\
/V9H/BE\1_B-\;T_9_P#'_B7P3XRO/B5'X2T;XK7/C&WT7P/IG@SX
M8:[XV^'?A9_$MQX

M6?$GXQ_MY_\`!9?_`()8?\$QOC)^RE^T=\7_`-ES]MSXI^(_CWX+\9ZK\*/C

\1:MI%YI

MSQ7^PI_P3/U7]H+P?^T+^T5-^U+\4?V\-4UCQO\`&#0?VC?V@]`TX^#_`(R^


MU.`?VZ45_/Y_P4M_8[T']E[]@O\`X*+?&3X)_%C]H/POH6G_`+%7C'5??PZ
MU+]HW]H+QCHWPP^,OPR7Q/XN\.?&OX37_C7XH^(]1^'/C#4K?54T?Q0OA?1


_'7C'P!K7PV&


MU8&35/$7PSU_4VDDCOH)90#^A*BOY)/^7_`
=/&_\`P7$_;N_;P^._QV^(
M?Q0T;]DO]C/XE^'?A#^RW^R1X

2?



MBOXKOV*/@=I'QA_X+^_\%8/V1/&'Q3_:D3X$?`?X


M**`BBB@#\X/^M/PM^

MZ3XC^&?A?0_!M]XD\





M]\O^E7[&G[$W_!/'X$:7^S[H=YXH_98?Q[X:_:5\$:Y\?_``3X?\*?%OX=



MV_:2_;=^

MUNHH`_G5_P)'[#/[9/_!.+Q]^UU\&/%7PO\-^'OV#/C+^T!XV^-G[*_ANW

M2XCU&W\3:_X@TQ/^#CG_`()Z?M8_\%2OV7?A5^RQ^R_X+\(1ZAX.^/G@SX_Z





M6[$V/[1WA2/Q+XF\?Z]XO\!)IL^MSZOIGC_XC^'?B==W/C+XA:Q:^$;BZTKP
MAX7\0_T7T4`?S9?L[_L9_MU_[_@M+^W)_P5!U7]GKPL?A-^UK\OAE\

M$?#^Q_:$A\4?!CX$?!?]G?QO\+?BWJ/B[QSXGU'PSX8U2_\`B=\8_&UG\0=/


M''H'B#4]6O\`Q#;#4=-MA86]M'8I'


M_P`'_L&?M2^$/VGO%UUX^^
0\!7_`(]_X1[QO\-O$\O@+PYI]MX'\5R:;=36






M_=^
+?PO+I/B&[TC3M;NKQQOA;^Q'^VIX'_`.\W[0O_!334_A-\.KG]G[X








GB_P#-AX.BT#Q5IFD^[;QUX`\*6$
M_P`1Y[C3]6^*?CCQIJNAP/X=\%37_PU-%`'\XG[./\`P3'_`&L/V,?^OO[


W[


M//QS_:C\)_LF?'1_VH_P#@G[^T[\1)?COX#^$VA?$WP7\)/BI^RO\`%B_L

_

?`^D/=6/P
MPUWP#X!\Z%XXU1M1N_B%=^'[`:#=_1WA/\`8QU_]B?3?^5/[//[*?P(\5_

M!!I^N^(]4USQ')XVEO;*2ST4:186GA^^&HZE#=WNG6UQ^_-%`'YL_M[_``V^




]%`'\V/[*O_!-S]J+_`()$?ML_M;_%
M#]CSX=:'^U1^Q+^W!KEO\0==^$/Q&\-_GXS?LT_%+1-3\6:WID?A2[^(UU
M:^`?B+\


ZO\`'[Q*

MM=UJ]N[&VLO_@K3=2T3PO9Z(]S_`,)YXQG\0M#X?]RHH`_FW_8M_88_;.^













M6P\.^);GQGIFN^`#I/B-^T-\3?B7^VGK/[_P`?%6A?^_^&_[.7A?]HWX


M8VWAR[^(_BP`^Z/@5XK\8:Y^T)XT\-:!^V+X*_:2^&O@GP#/-\1?!5QX;\`P




?L6?MC_%+3_VQ/A'XY\:

M\






M*'[1'[.EKK'@?X
ZFGC#Q;^T;IW[35NW@34_^N?#JV^)GQ+T&YUKX5_#R\




M?8W_`


Q@'K5Q^V










M^D7[4G[4/[25M9?M+?$#2?B7=?`/XQ?'WQ-^T1\.?!?POU#X=?1$D\56'C

M0?M]OI7]MZG;6DTUAI']J7:O:Z;_`&E=)%9_;[E'M[/SOM$RM'&P(!^('[.?
MQ7_;J^
'_!





M\





MXN)Y62*")'EFFE=8XXU9W954D?F1^PO^VC\3/V@?C)^T+\.?C+X,MO`*ZG
MI'PQ_:F_9M(PR7?BW]A_P,?AY/G@+5_$L4EI!/8?%+3_'_P`/?&7B/XI^





]*\9Z@G@_3]6\
^
$^#/


/B]\3OV\?A_\1SHVMZ-X;TKQ5JVE^)M-_9[^'6J/8^
]?\5-

_$?
MX



M9R:-X3U*PCU+^TM2LHXP#Y5^.7[6'QP.J_\`!5C4?A[\0+/X8:G_`
$W_AGX
M2\8^`O!?B31/!EWX#^+CW'[
D?[2]QXP^*M_K?AS4O'ME\







M*+#29`#Y5_:OU?\`;8^]S'^T+X:_:$\%OX2MOV@_@3\.M!_92B^$7AW5/O




OB)H?[8G[+

MI?'GQ/\`B7%\2)_#_C/P#9^//`7A'P5\:O#6E^!(?!=^VN:WK+_#;3M6\%Z]





UQ/(D

M=


_:Q\/^!=%_



MNU^
7PLN?B!X


?EFQL@MUXE\,QZNVM:%;,=1T\?5+*

M\?V:?A_?ZMX4G_8^'WC+]H;PQ\*_'?@&/P_I_]D#X/_&BW\&^.?$/Q*\6:
Q?Q%X




M+F6WCE9_P;D?'+PC^RK_`





0`_K3O_`-J/]F;2M0TO


Y\NO:[&^L=4L;/4]
O+74=-U&UM[[3]0L;B&[L;ZQ




NL6%CIVJ7^DQW=N^I


M5;ZU_P`$TC87WP9^)_A[PC\*-1^&_P`2M?N?V1_B6/B]K_@32/AOX[T/]IGX

M[O?H-ROCW1M-M]-TB\UM+73;J59O/B'5]'\+^)=2UO10#]O=?\`VN?V4?I



M4G^-WX[?M@67[?O_``0Y_PZ?[6EG\
/%7P:U'QAX^^#?PV^(GPS\;V:V'B


MHY+C3KA+@PWL/-;/+&K,/S3_P"NGPT_:1^+G@K]F?2OV(_B3\,/O[:'P-
M_:)TO]L'X+_#;XO)?IX(^//A[X






M^V3_`







M;ZA;ZKIU?'QX_;X_;^'O@3XC:QX8C^`]KXO\/?\$:=?_X*'6.EZG\
/&_C



MF?#S5M*T&S^(=W!X
$%UH&GZ%X!\7_C9\;_V&?VQ/V\OCY\5/%7@_P.OC7P
MM_P32_X)XZ-X.\0Z=\,Y?@_X)@UOQ_\`MF_M=_^Q;Q?IUY\3_$.GR^%_!WQ









%!-?AA\4/VZOVN_@?

MGK%KP5^U5^VK?_$7X!_L/?'GQA\+?@;^T9\9?BI^TKJ
7Q.\&77PX^)'Q!;]

_B;\0_#






M*\.Z[JWQA_X*A_MD_L`_%W4['P1X5MX_&'PZ^$GC/]O#1/AS\1K&S2XL_/
MQ4TG2?V2/!1UNUTQ9/!UQJ_B[QW;:EX/)A\/V_A_HO@I^T%^TKXS^.5M^Q9X
MH^
]]-^T;\!_VJO&_CS]HK7[3X??#32=-\2_L&:=X6O/$?P$U#2=
D\-WFGV

M5/'_`
'_`(??#SP!X'^)5EXS^+GBFR^'W@'XI6/[0'A#QOXBT'7?#_B[POK?

MF?#'X6ZK\--\0^


M/AK4?B'XEENK2SM_G@.RU2YM[CQCXOO+B^MDL?7AR/4O$=^KO-9Z7/##/)










/A[WFF?%O_`(*H?&3X]_L^?Q^
G[(7[-
M=_XL_9+\3_$W]H70M^#6M_M.?\`%_&3X*_'3P3\+_B1X?^%_C:W^.W@31+
MZS\7:MK&K:'=V7BO3K^Z^$UA9:GX:N[3QAXYMO\`A*])`/W.KY-T;]O3]A_Q


1\_\`_!)_3/BDO[*]WXJ^*_QX^(/QUUSQ

T']F']H_P#X*L6W
MP/\`C-^UE9^





F4%U8SJC
JACW]?SA_L[?M

\6




M?'/CGX4_MG?\%I_BU\+KKPCI_P`2?A;_`
$T?V$?B#X-O_'/A?4O&'A=-5\&





OA
MSXF\1^






M;PG^V[^VE\3/A!\;5\`ZGHWQ`^)7PW\=_!3PQXT^'_AC]EGQ!^SU^VU\#O#_
M`(OM/'FK?&)[G]E_]HGXW^
?A_\`%#Q?H6C:#HGB3X%:YX6\?:Q\./B7X/M?



_':PTV:_^
I7&@2?LG?MC_MR^



]K=)%'=2Q/

M=)UQ/V;O$WPJ^&7@^XUJY\/Z)K=TNH^+=
M;+3-4OY-*U.UTJRATFPM[(:9I


N/
M&?@7QKJ7CJ34'NI=






M9_LG5=
U3^R]32UOO[.U&PO?(^S7EO+)T%?FY\?/$4WP=_X*&_L&ZWX4A%G_
M`


M^//A#X







MQ_9N^&O_``3T_:


:1?^+M`T?2UNO'VLZS&`?JI17X\_L_?MB_M/ZGX





K-+/








M^V9XF^*WQVTWXJ?LU6GB;3?@IHGASQ3X.L/AQX+TKXA:=I^B_%C31X1O/`&I

VN?`3XO:IXJTX:5KOB?5?AGKMOJ.GZ%XCU73[OQ



$Q?@O\*?VB


M?#'@VQ_:




OC#


M^T;_`




-GXYU75OB!J?C'QS\


7@[X8^!Y=6UN31;N.73X-2T?X._#^[U

M=*OM-\*Z!;^)]7\

M/PIT7XN?#_X6_M2:UH7C?QQX

M6^-^FI\-/AA




M\6/C%\





M&TJZT.TU6_M;2X6VG\I7?S_`(+?L0_%G5?'NAZ+XT\5Z7K7@GX2VOQZT[1



MW_L:_M

M_$]\:-X-^)7Q)^(_@6^\
:9::OXH\+:E^T)\'OAGX:^(&D^'KW7_`#^.]`




GQG\&:?X8\'?%:/3T^(=A9^#






MJ:SU3Q;HM]H5G^T+I'P3O/%WAU[_`%_PG;ZW8:5J#6X!Z5JW_!./]D;Q+;7E

MQ#N_BI\#XOV;/B7+\=_VB/VC/VAK?QW\#+74_$.K:7\./$^D_'#XK^/M$U/0


MMY^SY9??QY:?#&_P#%7PT\7WMI;?M
_M3P^
[J^^#&LOXF^$&B3?%B/XU+
M\6'\`?WQ4__``F'P\^%Q\;?\*T\&^,HX/%_A[PGI_B2W@U2/V;XF?L*_LV_
M&#X@6'Q)^(/AKQMKVO1:!\)OGB+27^

MWPOM?'T/PX^+

M(])_:%\'_L^:[X.^*WAR?XB?&+Q-^SY\/_BGXCT3PEH7PW\:_&GP?\
]?^*_


M#OQ7XBL]`^)5KK_CK6_@?\0M8\`?#[3?AW\/OB)\/-!TF]\!6&@_#W1M%NO#





+H/!7@K1_V9OV8?BSHFFZ_X<\<_#KQ!I/Q&M(O&

?



M_P#/@;K7P3M=5\_#[Q[8?%7PG?:AXX^)EW\3]-^*&G:=_8L'Q(G^.4_C1_

MX^(5S^T9H/AV]\-VOPXT3P[;+
/#OQ#\7:/J%EJ=YJ-H=*\K\)_\%G/V?_B!






M7-



[OPSXV\2ZYJ.


M^

MOB:YU[XL_%+Q_P)O$&J^%MBTJZ\?V_P\TBTU31O`=AXM\3_-OQ2_X*C_!?
M]GSQ)^T?\-M3^!7[8?BK3OV)/#?PV\1?'SQ[H/PUB\5^$/!WPA\6^&M1UT_&
M.Y\?^
OB+8ZMX\\


`/'5I\7+WS_\`A9'@'Q-\0/`WPF\9?/X=WWBFWTOXD?



I_



'C/X/_``?\+V6F








MOV@?C=;?`3P+:^


M4TWP[X6\/:==S!]3UNXT70-8`/%KG_@GG^R

M$:]^)

M\%=OA;H?A/\`9R\4#]EO]M77;W]J?QA\=_A[\)_`_A+X5?#WQ5X^NO'/[/OA



-
\

M_#;X@:;X(^(OPWA\4^+;Q7X8L-2UV6QT_SP_X*(Z/I7QF_;@\%_%;X*?%/
MX5?!_P#8FL/$OB;X_:S)\,_$?A#Q?J_BGPGX6\8Z5X8\*^%/`7Q.\7_`!DU
MWQ=XTT;QOH%U\//#&F?:6[U8Q2:#J]WI'C_`%WPWX'OP#Z5^&_[*GP6^$OA

MNZI\3O#VC^$_%.IZ/X3\.?%.]\::%X*BMO#MQX0T[0[WPAX3N=$P/V0/V?\`

?


QZS!XK_;%














LO%$%W_`()9^/?B9XU^!OQ[B^*/Q(\:?&#7_AI^WI^W


-!






\.?&?4
M-6^



MO0?V6_@UX^LM6^-_Q]_:'^'_`

O`OQS_:;N_`T'COX=?#KQ/=?$WPKX
^'_
M`
+_``;_`

M@?#'XT^#O&_PWO/!
'QZ^

?BA=17/Q2^&O[._A?Q-XRUWPU^SWX






M\


M0?AK2/B3HGQ$T3Q)^SG\4_!WA;1/AM8ZU;?$U6^&GC#X4-_9TWBO0K3P'X$T







_/PD\V:_%O1_#_PYU*T


M)M7;2/B[\0/#^EOKNE:+I.A:7IVIVNBZ3IMC=V=EH^G102VK1_9(G5EH`]6^


M[



MF35[K[\_X)Y_![XD_!G]D?X/Z1\=?$7B/QK^T7XN\)Z#\0?VB_'/C6'0(O''


MGX



M_!+]H!-'_8I^)OQ
^/[;O[2'QYU+XV?$+QC\5M)^.WQL^`OQ;^'7[4GPO\`
MA1\(M0\9:;\#O$:?!;1/@C\/_P!H+0?!&E_K0!\3OAYJ3_#GP]XZT_5O#VH

$JOVO_`(M?LZ_\$[_V9OCG_P`

)M/\`Z,M2U+3M'L+S5=7O[+2M+T^WEN[_`%+4
MKJQL+&UA4O-<WEY=216]M;Q(\LTTB1QJS
`:CEUC2(&U-)]5TV%]%M([
M_6%EOK6-M)L98KB:*\U-7E!L+22&TNI8[BZ$4+Q6UQ(KE(9H!^.OP
_8W_;






[W0_$=KI$



P_L'_`+?.

M[+MS\9OB-^T3\

2

MVT_4+_GNKY8((;*^L[J1U@N89'`/QJ^#?[#/[7'PQ_X)W_7]CGQKX6_8E^

M?$&J^/--^!^C_!_PG\'_``)#XL\0V?B;QUX4%A!_9VA:SI=O%JWZI6OBOPM?

M%/#)

+F




M^!7QE^
O[*7@+Q9\-[/P)-\!_CG^SO\`!V]L?%7Q=^)OP$^*GPQ^
_[./QS_


VEEX4T-+2SE\












MCW/AAM1U?3FT[PW:ZG+KBZ5X@O+6VL%^L;37=$O]3U?1+'6-*O=9T#[!_;ND




6J-<6\<D*EP`?C]\)_V!?VV_A#\%?^?6@^&_C]^S.?C)^


MSX!_%[P7\!/%/_!0C6_%/B#3=%^('PB\7WVG?MU_''3OC?+::-X2F?XMZ%K6





MU!]`T^M^VS^VWI_[*.J?LZ^&-#C^%_C'QS\:_P!J']EWX)ZS\/O$?Q0@\*_$



\4:+\1W





MGP%MUL=.^(WB.Y^%EWI/P=\2_!GQ/XJUB_F/AZ/Q_)?:!X]\27/AZUM-+\%#
M3)_#_A6/4CJT-UJJP]1X&_9`_;J^''QF^+$O@?\`:*^!/A/]G;]J+QQH7QP^
M.^FZ9\











M]\93^

MB360#YD^('[(?[7OQIOOV._B!\6OC7\&KSXC_`+]KW0/VJ?&?ACPOX+\7:=\
,_LUS8_%WQ'XVU[QUX_U;5=0UOQ?:PQZ;
MX<\*^&+NU\.Z%P_BG]A3]KN2S^*'COX<_&GX&^#/CMI?[=#?MT?LW7VI^?'



M+:E^T;^VS\!OAUI=UXK_`&R/VP_V9?#G@;X?_$SX=_%VYU[QA^R)\+O!W@CX
M



M$&M^*O$/P_\`%WBKPF^N^$[6S^)/AW6_AT_B+7=7O_#-Q\&?#LFG:7K/B
`_
M'K]JC]D'XV_LN:;^SQ\



M_8$^/?Q?O_#&E:'X#^-OAC0/VAOASXJ^`?BWX?\)EXT'XE:DGQ&^'
%Q;?
M%OXCSQ:K\1O^$\OO'OBSPAIWQ'L/$/BGP-XXT_7]9^^/C]^TUXS^$O[4/[`?

FCZO=:GJ6Z&SU&)]/L99UU#A_L?_MA7WQI^!_QH^+GQZM_AK\&
M4^?[3W[5/[/WBS4;7QC

MB_X67OP



M\3YM

BT!]0DO[

MMD3X9W6I)K36=O\`$!GO+15\&33)XC9KJV4::3/$&`/C;]C#]CCXH?`7XV?'
MKXZ_$77/@OH6J_'?P1\(-$\;?#;]F_PAKG@CX3^-OC!X`OOB'JOQ`_:KU_PU



M
/B?\//GCOQW((O!'@KQ+XU\-Z%XM\92FX%H(_OAO5-3M=9\0R&Z9;8)I%











MAV?2K+78=?T6;1-36!M-UF+5;&32M06Z!-LUEJ*3FTNUN`8#!-()08RV#3


M[X5ZO-KGQ0\)^




?X0?$S1K?P;;/XOU;G_@5



:-XD\!Z=XO\.Z5X

MWQ7I?@3Q9I=E\)_C1\%?$FB:AJ_@O1/$7B#3[^PT#XUZCXNT2.VTB6WUS6/
M]EX8O]1\.66N3^)]&^9I/V-?VV[+]G'_`(*`?#KP?\1/@QX^+G[27[4%_\`
MM_/QAX6\:_$O3]%G\-:]K_`
+I?''PA^(NHQ?#M/%7PXM?B#X'^&NK^`-2

_$;3O@3#

MP+


MP_\`@=\$/A_X0^*G[0OQ






M]JTJXU0V




M^$_$%UI/A/5M$_17QY\7_AG\
=;^&?AWQ_XST'PIK/QA\9W?P]^&]EK5_!8R







MQU\2_`GBK7?!
'PY\5^`OC)%\-I/!/C+7-.\#^





K?2
M=8D\NPN)+K3X+[37AGMKZXMY?Q!\

G[
MA\+=%_X
M*J^#_A=X._;C^#MQX-T1;3]GGX??L7^)__QA\$6/Q4%OI@U_P`5^*/VH-+O
M/VBOA!XH\2:WXHMM7\`V/Q3^`OA:TM-1U'X67FL:C_1]\1OB9X^$7A63QO\





\(?\$]
M;K]E?QA%^QY\?[7Q[X4^(G@#PJNFZ;



7^$_B.VOO'7PI^_[4WA#P#^T)\4??A




Q`

M?F)_P5
;0_&G[#DOB.P^%OQ!^
=Q%\4_V6_B1X%\-_#_`.`OQ*^
WQ&L[CP]

M_P`OVU/`?P\:Z;_P`%Y?'%O\)3K_Q*O_VF/V*=?_9]UJR^#OC6X^(D$FG?

MX+MX27XLZ


M^!&O_']N?XM?!C]FCQ7X8_9N^+'Q*_X(\:7HWA;PQ^RW\8/A_K7BWX\?!']
MM3Q[XT_:_P#C!X.^^G_``VT7X@:/J%M^RSXW\(?#KQW\4M&\(:'KOB&Z^'G



M^DW7S/\`&KX







?[/7[;5O^V1^R[KGQZ\/?&GXZ^.8/$_@+]F#Q%%\



MXU_IIHH`_D)^
'P7^/GQ=^$/_!0E=$_9V_;
^).E?%G]AG_@G7KGPKU#XO?L

\0Z2/
MV3=2G^(%[H7QK\'^/OBG+X/TC3T\8Z]I^I:AH'Q$\%:AX4/]25%`'\KOQE\)
M_M&:7J/COX5_$;]BWX__`!'^-^G_`/!:?]EO]M[3/CG\'OA;9?$SX9?$']F'
MPY^U-\*OB)X6EA^

M'5]
L]0MK2WOD8Q2?I[10!_+!^TQ\'?$?Q0U'_@L-\3=)_9$^-5QXP^+'@/]





_!$7[7W[%_QS_:S^%G[3OC/XL?%S]I?]I[X
M;?`G1?C%X!\3KIO[//B_XK_'NY
G[-[^
_@]\9/!%AX9U&#Q]\==7^#MSX7\






MNT--
T_^L*B@#^9/Q7\`_#/PW^$OP5U?]G#X1?\`!07]FWQ%I
G[7_C_`/9W

M

MG1XL^
OC#]H/X;?L+_$S]F3P]\
?`4GB;]F7]G?Q]\!_@G\*=#U3]F?Q7^T3







M
\0_B'\'OA9\6_'@#XH:'\3?A9_P42^?C?PE_P4N_:A_:
_9W_`&H=.^!E




M&@V%W]GO]DK]JS2OVQK
?%_PY8?\





MCEOO`?[(_BGP$/@-X`^'&J^&_P!HRV^&'Q&LO&.LZS\3?B=XZUJ'7G\0_`^[
MC\3Z7\/?@-\




5\+ZT-2\6^-?

MA+\6_B)X(\6Q_#[QWJ?@SPW?ZGKGQ&M?AG8Z-IHNYCHU[:_U8T4`?RY?$/\`
M9R^`GB'PE^S%JGAK]BC]K/7?A9\1_P#@J9\+_C3XDTK]H?\`9R^
OQ0\47.D
MZC\


MC!IWA_X27_\`P44\$_#K]COXK6WPCG_;9_80\?VR^'?V2OVD['X.^%=/T#P_


M;N/\`@JE\&/V=OV5?BUH?




MYH?PVT/XQ'X;7OBWN_A]IOAV_U=='\:Z-?W/WW\._`/P(\!?MS_`/!,+P=X
ML^OCVTUCX:_L'?M3?#WP]KOQZ\`ZO\`&3XG^%_%]S\7_P!@^3]EF?XM_':Q
M\(Z_X2TKXSZC\


M]_$NZUVVU[1O^;OQ*_9^\1I^UA;W/P/FU:QTZ_:#\0?#WP_;ZW\9$@\(^)



WC;X




)^%7AOP]8P_L8?L

MO^S&B@#\IO\`@M)\+X_B;^P-XT:/X93_`!2O?A]\:/V0_BM=:-I7@.Y^(_B?
M3?`/PQ_;!^`WCSXSZWX=\+:3I&N^)=7DTSX


M=M.^*G@_7OA_^S#^S_X%\'3_``/T2X^%\/B[P?XM^'?Q2^''BOP_XHD^&%C9



M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'G?Q1^%OA#XP^%['
MP?XXLGU#0K#Q[\*/B1#:I]G(?Q+\&/BGX-^

MF$236L
T4$]K.\=U#^0G_!0'X2P?!74O^5_@[X6.C:=J.L_P#!9;QM\6K.


MK5Y-1%_\/_$]W;BSN?$GA2:SOK4Z-KTUB&L)-8LQ%J+:?)-8?:/LD\T
@!^




M7QD\/^
?&'[7GC71O$YU+3VN/A]/\





OQ&_:4^%7


0:M^C^D?L2?LC:'\


_$FF_#S1_''P


M&6![/P\=+TEQIR^N_#'2]0T?P-H.GZI\3M9^
EY''?3-\2?$%KX$L]6\307N
MJ7U[9RW-O\

MX)\'_#?PGX?\!_#_`



9(CAB4
[/(^Z1W9@#J****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB

MO\D
;I96^5%8\59HH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB


MMK^`?B+\8/@9J7P4\!^'+_6]%^





M_$/Q'9Z0+V[@\-Z3J:VD6F:8^H:G96%P8K[Q+?64.AZ/&\]S/=6'P?\``[]E


OQ0L+K


?`_X\^


:/I6H+J'[(_B:]\
7FIZ7-J6OQ?$KP]=
M^))/^$@M?&&IR8F@_L=?MH:G^UK^S=\=/B+\._ASK6H_L]?M[_M*?$C4_'FG


(_V<_5A\&=(\0^#_&LOB_3?B3X<\JVCZ9\2DM9O#
M7A^;PA;^




\&_%WQ;KGC'4OM
MWI\'B34O!S^)F\8P\*`'U?^Q3^U=X2_;=_9D^$_[3W@?PKXT\%^&/BUX8L/

DD\6


$WC+X5^-











MA3Q%-IGR7^T=^U7\0/%W[6W@?]A[]G[QYX[^#7CKQ!\`O'7Q[TSXW1_LP^./
MC#\




IM:5?#UOI7BGX::8E[







DO

M\&^)K^\\#:]X*^?OAQ^R7^V_I/PS_:*\'^+O@G\







MBRY^$OA6VO+GQAHL]F[V4\LDMII-A!J*:M=ZG:6]L)J\Z_:!_PIG['?[
G


/

M`(0WQSX\B^*_C5_#_@/]GL_M67$MU^SS^T?HMWXT_9X@L-+U+5?BW\(;/Q#\
M)M'E^-/@GPG:ZUI3_$37_A0/&&F_P78?XFW/A*VO)+;Y`_:6^`?QX\


M\





MDTJV\-#6WT?0[]OM




M\
CX8KKWQ*^!]_?QF)/C;X`L/$?PDM;8_P!JZCXTLM'5]03X/\!?\$V_VCG\
M!?LA_!CQUI/PL\









F@Z6M[IFG:=9W%\E_=WSQV[6TOQ?XP_P


M_P`9H/!FI_$6X^]M\:X?TGPLD^*UKX%T76/$MYX
7Q6=2L;?2[_2[Q8/$-
MN^C#S&R_X*:_LR^(?#VK^(?`2_%3XCQO\%?B9^T)\+;/PE\+/%$?_#1GPE^#



_#V#QWH=GJ'Q3OO#^CZ3?2ZEH=G!9QZ[XAT;0[OR7_@IM_P



_V4_'4GA+Q1J]YI7B=?B#\




M/X9L9KFTT_3'_MG4]`TJ\_0/]KSX-_$#]IO]AG]J/]GNS'A+PE\4?V@_V4OC


;G2M430O%OCB_T;2)[#1O$
MGB2XN+;PEX1\7:_H7$:5_P`%1?V.]8^.'Q*_9^@\6_$:P\;_``:\0^*?#WQ;

?$3PUX_P#!OBOXK?L7
M?\$T_P!MQ?&?[
7[






M9?VH/@+^R5^S7X'^&^H?&SQ2OAGPMX;_`&=_C%\4OC3XC^(WQ2^)'A?X0ZNV





L?`_%6[_::_9K\7?ML?M@VW@7]


_
M`'[#OPY_:H\6_L\Z]^R;\:K7XE_#WX=^(?$'C#5KG]H'4_$FE^%]6U_Q)9:O
MX86P\+ZO\'O#WA;5/$GP^O\`P'XAUG7OL]U/J^FZ/XU^VS\-/O[2G[4/['G
MPM\.?$?PMX?_`&AXM,\=^OVR_A3X$UO1_'%_=_\$[_C!\/[[Q%\;?`_Q'2Y


M_P`%#/V4OVA)-9_X5WX[\2V]CH_P:T/]H6/7OB'\*/BS\(_WB3X)ZW:Z/Q

M=?[

I;_`/LJS^*7

M\GASQ-XEUCQ/X/\`AUX=^''Q#T34?BMXOU'27UGXB2Z!\0OAY%K/A[P/X+AU


M

MT?XO1M\/V@]0\*_J+XK
5\`^*OB3\1-)^%=]\._`OPVU_&\?%;Q1XJTKX9
M:9%^^UCQ;I\1#U\*_P#!4[]A']KW]L^']K'P'X&MOAAXG^%GQ7_8NT?X8_!'




/B[2/%OPTU#




M@_V$?B'XG^&O@_XS^!?%GQ$UFU_96_:-^''QD\4^




M2@TF31M0Y#Q7_P`%'_V(?!'Q

MTV^+*4N=6\
:1XL\ZEK5HJ!U:RL_%^@3.S*POT%'_+;]CG_@HM-XG_`&`/

MX+U3]H[XA1^#/`
VH0/XY^







;*\OOA+H?QZTNWTB[U;Q:^M_!





MXR^-G[.EY\#OC]\5_A3K.KZ/\5/`OCK1-%^)OB:XM?#^K?#[QOXIF^`OQWEL


M#]S\*O'OP9\
?$#P]XGTO5;W5+V)H=3T#2NB^'O_``4:_8B^*EGXPU/P)^T9

TGQIX-TF2YM=-\1




M7ACXCZ+:^-DUR?X2:QXJ^('Q^+%MX&NH;;XC^++G5?LVFZ7Y9^S%\-OVBO^
M=F@^./V;?!O[-'BO]IC]G_4/CK\8OBA^SWXV^#'CSX#^#+_`.&/A/\`:!^*
M/C;XQ:Y\-/C-X%^-7Q'^#QT72/A?XV\7ZY8Z1XP^$-Y\6;SQ7X3U72;I/A[X


D?R!XR\#






'QADD\$?L^^&?VD?$'QAT7X`?'CQ


?VO/BYX5\8^#/BC\


M\8K_`




M/`^J6UUXZG^&DU[I?B/QK:0L`?LK17\:GP$T3X_VO@WXL?'KP;\7OV@=;_X+

\):_XGM?








M_9[^

M^

M\%:I*;D1GXB:OX;\*6X37_$^A:=J@!_5WX4\1V/C#PMX:\6Z9%=0:;XIT#1O
G6VIVD5Y';SW4$=U'!=1I<)!<W$*3!UCGE0+(V_7\=?B[X
ME^*/AYK'[4GP%_8/_:+^)/C_`
3?$+_@D?\`\$Y?CU9^&-`^.OQ%_:C^)-[+




U7P/XF\+VGAOQ-)X7LKOQ3_PB
MD^F?$'27\-^'M;/C#PDGAWQ-XDN6\)3W.O7OA4P^
+/PIXG'B#PQXCCG\+QZ

$



M

MLT^-K9/$R?M3Z1)X'M$^&WQ!_P%@^(?B._AM8-%UO+_@GX$^`-Y^R7^VC\

/VZ-`\1?$CQYJ'B_]K#]F

MX.M=%MOB#X&\':?X?^E_'&H^`&^(OA#X!_\`!0?]H/\`:VTGPAJW[#7P#\)?
M\$__`-IB33?BI\&_CM\0_P!I[0O&7QZ\
_'WXL^`=
\*:/J46F_MOZ]HMG^S
$O!%EXH\<


MP_'KXC_L#^!_VA?A)J]I:V_P=^
UKK^M?LJ_$*Y\0^)M#^(7P]O[&Z@OO$/[
M16E:#X1^(5UX9\;7WAOXF?%Y9O!FN7OC/6-=N-/U7V;XD?%+X+?$36?B[+^U

MQ\;/V7_$L7Q3_`&I/&W_!/9/&7PN\4^%;O2-=

M1]3\
V^FZ;I/CR\\7^&/%6HZ!)I7BR/2?%7AS3-'3PSXDT)Y_$L/B1/$GACP
MW^1WP4\4_L@2?M+:#K?[
OQ1\!^*_P!@76OV&_BUJ?\`P4


M^K?&?3[_`
0Z9X(U7[-_P"*VG_``@TW_@EQ^P];?33OAUIES#^R_^SS9?

M1TZ.TUW;/;1HH!/K/_!4[X?^$_AG\6OCIX[_`&:/VJ/!/P#^`GCWQI\//C7\



.G^+/B]^T_^V=\:_A%

M&_X(#:-XV^
W[+=G^T/XE\-Z7\%OC'=:]9ZOXO\`!W@+P98_$&V_X5_K/A#1





.-)7P7_`


&=0T;QO-8/'J5AH5U:^
T;PH\ESJ%I:M92Z^8M
MK^.UN;FYM4A^TQ


MU[Q/HVI:U96



MU;QGK_@I?@S\









M6O;G3M*U/4+/2=0U^[L-/O;VUT+29-*AU76KFUMI)X-)TR;7=3T71(M0U&6-





_[/7[2]G\#?!.F^






M:_`7XA?&?_@MS\1_B+XL^+\?C/X
_LP?#?Q5\+?#GC3]IGXF6$O@7XE^//V+


EIW























_:C^%K:)^T=\.M1\



/?%?@/3?&^BZ9X%^)UEK4G[5EMXG^)NCZ+X;^
M(4<GPZ\<Z7J/B%%^#9MO0!_3[17\CW_``3
U6#X=VG_``0=;PE\8?']E\2/




M?$?X@7LOC#Q5X*\
Z;X8\&W_`
1O`^GWK7GB.+6M;U?Q1HOA[PAHWB/Q%J-I



M


?V5OV@OVPM-_

M\1:#X2TWXL^$OAQXG\*^%M*MO'=D\5KX)TCXB:3XNN8?$=QW7[4'P_\`V&OC
M9\

M[5&JZYX[_8
TCX??ME_#WPIX=^*7A?QQ^U!^R5\
]#^-VN?#JVUV^\


/C;\./^;7BCXR
M?!?2_&7QX\4?!S0;3QW;7_QUUG2?&/[)'PV^&LGA_P(G[0G[3J7WPTTRS^(

MPQ_:#T74?V3OB/\`L



/CO\:/'GPYU/]HO


NE
M:;X[TD_LF_%']GO]L#0OAK\--\:^`K#X/7'@/Q)\0M/^#OA^]TWPA)X=T#3
M0#^L*BOXZ_VO7?@?_@G7_P2I^)VE?MKZ[X%^#/[87PS^!]W^W#^U9^T1\5/

KW


M(_%&K6W[
/Q\\`?M11:?\
KO6K+1_AE/IMQX@\7_``Y_L6+3?A5H7A[P5]V_
M\$;/#&L7?[!/[
'Q]\4_M'?'O]HSQQ^TG^RW^RU\1/'^L_&CXO7'Q3TOP[XZ




?!WBS1M.\1^%?%GA7Q'IUSH_B'PSXF\/:Q;7FD:]X?





:[^T;\`KN]O_`(\^'-#^)OPCU7P7KM]#X=T^
^5O^RV%I<WD_EV\$LB2:1K&D:_IUKK&
M@ZIIVMZ1?(TMEJFD7UMJ6G7D:R/$TEK?6<LUM<(LL;QL\,KJ)$==RD#\A/^


C\/Z7XW\

MH03V.JVBVYN-.O(9;:\CAFC=!^8G[?OPX\%?L@?L^_`_XN_LJ^`O`_PA^(7P










.EV'[0G_!0'






MF\*RR167CC2?!%SX$UJVU;P]XHU?2;P`_2KPC\3_`(:_$#P_J/BSP'\0_`WC



M:'XD_8`METWPG^T+^V?XRT?]L)M(^#&GKX3\2_![]M/XI^)_A9I?@W6/`'BK
*/A9XF\=W/BZ#P+^QO^T5\2M-TW5+[0_C'\-X9?0/AN2[

G[
'B#2_AII'PS^!




M








MDWO@[3/`_P`
?AO8V7A_Q/X1D\.7?Q





G[&_[3?[0'[
?[#-S\
_CU^V%_P3B\

_


%A/VE/@YX*_9VUS]F3X!_\
M%)K[XB_M&^?%?\`PG]A\8O&'@B7]B3]@]_B$WP9O/J6?@;P5XC\':+.GC:



MS1-
U'6M:U&QTC1](L;O5-6U;5+NWL-




M_@H;X]_9`_94^._BSX9_L^:C\1?V]]$^'=Q^SKX/_9Y^%7Q/^+VJ?#D6'PR^
M+_Q5^


?VF/

MBW0M$OOBSK%[\$_!T7BG4?$-K\4IK+PC!XY[*;]K/]L;XL^/M9^`WP+\&?LZ
M_#_]HCX'?LB_`W]HS]HCP1\5K_Q9\4?NI?&'XW7?Q:\/:=^RQ\-_&G@7Q;\
M-+;1;;PSXO\`@?X[TGQG^TC=67Q'T'P[_:/AVM?@_X@U&\U^W\/@'ZR5QNM






M
TJ;6K+PVNJZL`?T
5QL/Q%^'UQX\NOA9!X[\&S_`!.L?#:^



M+GPJ^'-QXNN/VB?BVG[1VH_&7PQ-KULGC?PM\)/@3:^!-2T_3KK4O!NM^&+O

M``5`\
_!?P]\)OV?KO7_`!7_`

=AKGP\^/7[.W

MO_!1[]I?]H#Q%^P
OQ]^&_P+\.^&?^@_PQM\5_VF_A[%\']5\?WNN_#C6?

[GQH(M/US3/'&A_'BSUC38]$M+.Z\#:KH5SX8NM2\=VDT7B]



MRW?A[QEX'\1:1XL\*:[:PW


MM6^MZCH'[17[(_A#Q'J.I:S:?%'0K#4?%VHZ3XK@TSP3X@U;PMJ6C?#[0)/&
M^E'PAXIN/'][JNE?F%_P3._;+^
'[)O[.?[?A'XG:/\)+[]E#XI_3_`(*(

-(MO`^A^

MO/=6:30122+^??\`P3]_;+_;)_:4\;QR?'G]EW4_AA\&/B1\$M'^-OPQ^(\W
MA?1?`5EX2UG6;[PX]M\!;N23]H#XQ:S\?-2N?OB1_%VF_'30_!7P%TZL?#



M;^X^%7QB_8QUNWUC7O#O[%OPD_;0T]?'_P`'O'[/GCSPQXET?P'JG@+6_G

_;K_`&T/`FH_$_P9







]2`/VPKS'P3\;/@S\2[W5M-^'/Q;^&/C_4=`U:70==T_P3X]

GYX?\%=
MO&7BW1OA!^RY\
]+GNM.^&W[37_!03]D']F7]HS5[/[8CP_L_P#Q4^($L'C3
MPG=75C-!-9:+\9-7TGPQ\!/$MPTBPMX:^*NKVTQ$=P67ZJ^+/P)_9N\+ZK\*
M_P!I'7O`^@^$-=_8_C^(7CKP/K_@;PSX;T77+?POJ?P?^(?@?QC\.]]CHZ:M





M#1?%.O\`AK3#J=MX.N_$5IJ47A6XU[5M7T:WM==:PU2P]*K\'_V5/V_/VZ_C
M2_[%
GQ5\'_LK^#=#_;I^'O[3UEX0UCX:V_Q1\4:G\(OBE\%-U/7O'B'Q'

M'/[(_P#P3T_:!^-?Q.^!GQ)^_QQ^.]SX_:M^)NK?!OQYH'CGX5Z/\`%?QU

O@:Q\
ZM\:E\
_K6-9O-TO0/AKHWQ)\(:EIGA'6-(\&





#(O=EXZU_XA_#7QPW@SPY\#_UAKL_A6+0OB3X_U&XU32SJ%Y'X
M?\(\%?\`!5O]J[PM\/C7^TU^T7^Q_K?A?X/:;^S!I/[0OP<UZ71-)^&&AQ_


M#OQR_;I^!_BGP38?%GX/?#?Q-X8_9?U'P)!^T5\)O'WAS6==^-FO6OBOP1I/


M1^R'^S=\5?VI/B-XHN?`WC_U[XJ?M$?!/P1\&?WP.'QBATKQPVI)^R)JNH


M9;65K\`/AUX[\/\`P0\(Z#X.ET+P?=_#KP?XB\5ZA\)/A3X`\1?$CQ9X-^'V



_[9WP



%_;V^HV]
^`OQ%LXM._P$5^





M9_9:\
Z]^SU^SAX%^(O[9G[.5U^V!X'TIOC?XW^(/A'P_P#LE6?PS_9WN]7\
M1^.]
-]3'@ZQTWQWX?

*!;_`/LG46CDGM(-4@@MEN_L<T<=[%#`)O-2.,#X6^/WQ2^(%Y_P
M3)^(WQE\8?`7X+_%?QMJO['=Y\0OBS^SEXE^*RW/P-\666L?N+7?C3\
X?B






M3XI+\4_VC_A7\06AM_&'B'2/!XT3PIX-F^



M;[Q9\)M7\$Z
?`W[3_C/XA6=[K/@^^U7PDNKZOXS\&_#``_8)]%\
V^H)?/I


M'_B[1?&MSXI^




TW6K

M#X/V_P`=]!^''P5\!WGACQ+I6H^-_A=X?^!_[4O[3FLW=QX

MZ-XNDT;X?:EIGQ-\




MXV^%/Q(_:+T_P_X'^




MMJ/X)_MK_MS?#Q9^VQ^PVMC^V/\'O#7@CX+_P#!432?@%XC^$FG_&+P1H&L
MW.M^'OV9_P!KK1/C)XW^-.AW7B:'7[/1/#_QKB\?!#P#HWB/1O#NG:9XST'

M0[/0M8OC!8VIO=5TBWL8]/U[-MIFFVYN;NWFF,&GV,._P`NTMUCW-\.^'_








M/AV/A[\*/BMXW\;:AX

M://X$UVZTOP;KUI:^.-=T#PUJDFO_P#!0O\`94T#X(?#O]HE?&OB[Q%\*?BK


-3U8V
M.LZS;7&L:NT9N]0(!])_$S]D;PE\1_$.D?$&R^)GQG^%?QBL_!^@^`?$'QF^








)USX
?#7XU_#6_&_CCQ=\9M,\$?`I/B'\'_.EZT-/@\9:W^TK:^&









MGXC?\$_OV?OVL?@G9^#_`(















M\G\%VUW\#M




M[WXO?M_?LL_`S4H8/B'X_P!2M/#=OIO@/6?%WQ0\/^!O'7C/X

3X5WO[+GP)_9)C^-G[1VG_#K]G+XG_#CXL_#


M?$CXF?`RP^+OC.V_9A^(7Q@\)VVA6?ASXR^+O@0E_P#\(9JOQ&TV'POX8GEU











^&OQ(T'X]^
_A+\8+/P!\:/





'BG0OC9\

MRB\9M/^S?[-.AI^UGX@^+G@O\`:#^$_P`
_P!ES]JGP7^RO=_$G6?V=OCG







R-I&AW6O^G^'/V_?V;/$OA;XN^((


M#;Y_#MI8Z+JEI8ZOI^I6T$6N0W=C;6XU

/PUT#X8^+/@]I'C/]



MU/0_$?C#PQI&K`'EOP=_X)3_`+(?P5/BW0]#T3XA^+_A#KMK\0=
\'?LV_%+

M-$\)^





M`

7QO\`A/\`






M)TZUU;0OA3X1^*7Q9\9?%'PA^SKX#UV[LK[5_AE^SWHOB_4-0C^&/@'4+G2]


M1\



]Q
MXT\37/B*[UR];1+O1


^''P^\'GX

?&]?:'A?\`:V^%NA^)OVVM9U_X
MV^._'VF?`KXY_#+X::W\+IO@%XM\
Z[\$/&/C?X=?!_0/!_P4\`VMOX#TKQI






/BWX=:=HW@[3/JC]H#]KSX

M


M#)K?QEXFBT;P[K/AF_UT`J_#O_@F'\



M^


=&^'_`(IN_B[J_P`3


MO\`:3M_%VA_#O1OA[\)M0UP^/GB7X*?`WQ7X+U[0]?^)9^(3:1?:/X@TG6

7.@:YXGCL_O'XW_`+;W[.'[.WCG3_A_\6/&.L:%K4UC\.-6\17^



MOX








7PD


#XX_:9_:`^)GQ#U7]G+6/V3/AO\8-=7X06'CKX'?`_Q!#HI\267
MP[LK'X5GP'J'C_QOJWA7P5XE^(?Q^(7@WQMJ/B_7O`G@KSKPT+P[9:$/+]
M1_X+



OV5_

M^-D-C\)=4^


W[




?Q[\%^#_
M`(ZW7A#Q)^TA^S#X6\7Z%;?L_?'KXC?#S1?#WA;P9\0O%FE7_A;4/'7A;4Y?

ZYJ/B?QUX\
M\
QMX1C^*5IX

F_$SP#X3\
M=WFCVW@+QK\0?AJ1/_PL3P%X0\3:WXP\#QU1O%6BZ2NDZF;3YD\9_\`!63]






6BV'P?\`#?BY/AG^SQKVO^
?A%\)

M/H#]FW]D.S_9C\9_%S7O!WQH^*_B#P-\9?&/B'XG:Q\#_%$'PS7X2?#_`.*7



+_`!I(LD4EQ-XL&F?#;0_
MV@:E&]O+H?AW6O'.FP/-;^
M4B'B&L_L@ZUXV^*VJ^*_BG^TO\:/BA\%Y/B7



M=\3-.^


M\/X_#E_IEE:ZEXYTSX7?%7X20:=XKCU'1M6DU#PO)X8^
'BBYFL-*FT34VUF
MUT6ZCUF*TM+RPU#-^#'AKXV:+\3OVE-7^(GC#6];^%_BGXCZ!J7P

MUQKG@K1+/P-H6E^






_U_
M^(WP2^#/Q@G\
W/Q;^$?PQ^*5SX*O[G5?!MQ\1O`/A7QO/X2U.]2WCO-2\
R
M^)M)U.30;^[CM+6.YO-*:TN)TMK=)9'6&
+Z=0!_)!J_PY_:X_9=\0_L$_LU

^-_A=K[QYX.KZ6TG]


[^[^
7PDU_0M6O#X:
M\6Z-;:2/Z`OB5\'/A%\9M
T_1?C!\*_AQ\5M&TF^.J:5I/Q*\#^&/'6F:9J;

TRSM=.T


MWA+P+X
^-_@+]H2Z^/\`\-M)O?&D7C#X?^)?$WPZ_;
M/VTO@W9^*/$6F^&?



M//!/P8^-?B35_P!@KQ!\'OA3=^
-$\:Z3J_B3_@G;\9/B5\??!7B#XO^
=$\


M(^']$U+PUH/[07P1^%/QOT3PYK

M7X;&^FM&:UENH)7MV
3(:`/!O^A_P``/'?[77[#'QP^?PW73=&^(WCWPCX
M;UCP;I?C6[.E:;/XI\&^+O_Q'TGPCXDU;3(]:70(]?O_\7A;4-?M+;7H/#
M[ZB^L)8:W!8_8KO\\OC)^R_^WQ\7_!?_``5Q63X`_`[PQKW[?W['_@7X#_#;


7ES-HFLW'AGQ%K_A^;4;&Y
MDT;6M5TYK:^GZJ@#^?/PO^P?^T)I_PTG\0O&/C7]AG_`()]?%W_:;\;^!/



7[-7Q)\3?$;X1:;H_CJ
MS\4+!X*UJS'Q

_CO\`8


M]7BCTZ4`_-R?]@;2=?\`A-XA_P9GPE^+GAOQ-KWPU_X)
?`'X/:/\`$;Q3
MI
'B/P3J_C7X=_';QI)H#_$?PY9-K%J_@/QKXX^&FKZ)XU\$13ZK?6G@N37]

M






#7]
M[^Y\
M*^
=






,_AC\'?!VC--I_P@UKX??#3
MP+%J,'A7P];Q0^$9_#/A7P['J;VE]!H.C6%N+*S2<6-VMC8P#R[6<HL3?A7K
M7[`'[8%U^R%^Q_\`!'3_`(+_``_\+?M)?LX?L?#]G#X.?M;_S]H;6_A]X
M_P#V=_VA?`_A/4OAUXJUKQ[J.GZ9:Q?'S]D7QEI_A?X6^-/$7P2U#PAX@M-4
MDMO%/AOQ!X%\:W6LZ-KO@C^D&OSU\3?MO?$&;PQXS^+/P3_9(^)7Q_\`@-X`

M+USQ9XJ^&MUXLNM'@UCP!HOC+P5XA\

+C38+BW\


MS_@FS\/V7_AR+KXI:4)(_BUX#U/]LC5_%%MKRKH6_3O]N_[7UG9Z?X@C2Z




M_P`3^/?A]X7\7^




OQ1\(_#O




^#MMK0DU/PU?:KI


MM2^)_C]'\8?&'Q!\1Z1X^^#G@7X[?$+2_BK^T7\.Y?AEI7@FZE\;^+])\;V_


-U\+_%=U

MRXT'3O#3:=

MA\1V/@3Q)I_@[1]0LOASX=:ZL?&G@KQ/\5?AS!\0/A_X9OI_`WB+X@^!=&\5
M_W1OC5X3T;Q'X!US7=)^(WAI[75O#NEW5M^(W[1_P+^//[+/P%^.&@^(/`
MW[+7P5\1_M5_\%3?V
/C%^QQ:_#C]I?Q7X;O/#GQ@T'X5_LV:7XLT6[^*WQ/
M_9UOO!O@OQWIWA_]DSXD^*!\7/B+X0^
&@?'3Q1XR\5VGC;X)
NK6?A+XA_T



U&!+FX

M\'_M-_&+P-^UM^R_^UOJ?QC^!'C#X

./@9\/?#?PU^*W@3X-
M+X

M;\+_`(`_`R]\1^*K_P`7V?P-_9IT:PM?A9\(K'4M&T#3F\(6/BVR\$?#%_BA

M`/9GT?2;W0/B5X:G\:?#'4_AU!\1/C9X(U/Q1JWB;PS97LFJ:#K]GX*3PWK
M4.E2ZOJ
%P-40`^4O#?[!7[57PKUK]@7Q+X
\

M\6:%\
-+%]H.@Z_XYU6Z\.?=O[?'P3^
'QG^''P@NO@5I7@7Q)\1_@I^U'\`




%_V:/#/BBQ\<W$/[+_`(@O

_[*/[2&K^
?\`

_AS\
?A3\!/@)\2-G

6D6


MP_\`8-
\3_$K61XAO8)[O^PCXC^(-KX8M_&WB?X1\;_\$S=7^-'[7QZM_B;
M\+([;]O/X[6/QC^)6I3V?[3WQ+O/!FA_M-^,/$4.N??QG:^*]
M?#_ANX\.
M?`35OGPH7X/S:E\+]8U3P/\/OA=X0\.0Z=J.I0ZM!JG[J5\8_M?_M=7O[)T
MGP,4?!/QG\7H_C]\9_7[/OA63P7XG\!Z$VA?%#Q_/(O@R#Q9'XYU_P[]F\)
M:I;:?KDU[XAT%O$5_I




M+:M!.9]





B^\

MO!NO0^)(];LIC\&;&T@^$7B1=&AT6?Q)-J^G^/='DUF[C^'MW':7;P?,?PU
M_P"7'[5/PEL_P!DW6?$/[+?_!.#]K35/_[G[-'[WQO\``G[1.LZKK=C\


M?XC:G)\1?AW\7OV5_P#A?UAJ/A71O!VG^!+_`



MAEXLLO'7BSQ_;W/PH@\#_$GQ5XCMC\)+70/%]MHNAZAIGB;Q=X6^(OLW@W]F



_@S\6OAOXZTZQT7XD_!KXS?

M3J][5_:^_:Z^#_[$7P4U+X\?&VX\1+X/L?$W@WP=::;X0T7_`(2'Q3KGB3QS
MXBL?#FBZ;HVDM=V$$QBDO)M7U:ZO+^RLM*\/:5K&KWES';V$@8`^;/V^_@!^


M?PWXD\+Z/[
_PK^*O[//_!*+X5?`GX\Z7X%\._$KX`_L/Z+\&?%L?@'QOJ?C



M?LQ^$_A?_P`$Z/B1\'?/QC\:^&_B#XR\::I^UA^Q+I?[.:WW@FW\&3VC^'

O#7PL^S^#;1]`FUG2?K+Q%\%_VO/C5\0/A

M]7O`_@3P1\





(?V9OCU^W+/^U[-^TGK?CRUBOO'PN\;?M#^'/VMOB5\);?X9V`M/'



D_@VW^F/V

;.ZN)]/M.[^'7


M/QAUS]O_`/8K^)WACX6ZAXA^#WPN^%O[4WACXD_$2V\6^!=.7PMKWQD7X/+X
M.MT\)ZSXBT[Q7KUE#_PJ_5CK][HFF7AT\:SH/V*VU4OK`T?[ZK+;7-$76XO#


MTW\-:7XKN?$GAGX2Q^*/%][H0@TD7WQ$MO!&G7.J6`UOQ]8V:CJ5A^3GPI









9OB#\6==\/Z9%8ZI\0O&T\;P/XG\5WB9FU?6!:L+**

MC\.:?J7C+X:?XV^*'[/_@#X7_LO?GXCZI\#/%.M^*?%_AWX1?&1-0^!'B/

MGT_Q
/A+_P`%B]!_;F\)^!;?]KP_%+QM\1?A'XV_8\\=?LX^)YM0^+'Q[B\/




MHHHH`_&#_@L\WAF3PO\`L%6'B?XG^-OA?I&I_P#!1O\`9NL_%6K^!?C)XX^#









OCA\%

M]F'2O$?BOP=JG[1WP&TWQ=X#L-7U7QQX6O\`XO\`P^L_$?@S2]`N;*SU[4O%

MW`L@!^`OAG6_@)\*=;_9
MA^#7[4?BG]K+QE_P3RT7]F#XH6_[)?QG_:GTOQA=ZS\4/CG#\5_%%KJU]\4=

M_@EWKO@3Q!_P2!_8?@\3ZI_9/A+PU^P/\`_`/Q/N]=N=8\`_\(K/X%^`/A3P
ME\3;/6=6U!O#VI^&O^$8O-*URUU'7H;RP33OL
VIV.J1Q0Q7H^L_^&P?V2?[

MI?C+0=

^)M1O[






M_@L)\*_BM\*KF3P-XP^.-Q!XO@\


OC:Y73=

THWK/\?/



MO/%?[.?\$N--\:+\`_%.F_/X]?%W]ISX
W7Q3\1^*_A7\8_B)I.@Z;X`O/

M6^

M=^

?[!W[5?P#^


M;ZE?7^BQ?%/[!_CCX



.;



$M0U;PKJVF:C<Z!XCTBXN=&US3C<0_VA:6'B3PW
MJ<4]K?:=?P27&EZI:O;:C96*6OGGP_H?P_8L^%UU#X^^
VG^$+'QOXNGO
M/&7QM^/_`


MV6J:-K6G2VVIZ5'-;RV]?B5\+?VA/`_[&G_!*BW_`&
_B9^T1X5_9V_;I_9?
M_9E\9_KP-X'U_QKX8\(_%_XB_$;X)6VK^&O@_\`$7X(^/'L








_VC_@+X1^*US?:9I=O\

M?^:OQ?O_'@S]H'XL^&_`NC_M6^&]9_;

WQ5U34_%'P3_P1V^)?['7Q1\8?`;Q


MO-/UO0]1%K=2FRU?1[^QU73;GRKW3[RVNX(9D^/O@I^R9X`^%'B+X;^$&_:
M^
'Q=M_V9_#FA7_`

?L5_&S_A`O&_\`P40\?:+<WO[9\S?%Y/V7/#/PO^$WBGXR_[]I+P3


M\)?$KP]\
]3;38]%^!'BS6OA=JNCWW@9O!/BRWUOQ#X5O-*\?:_J.N_N-X(_
M;O\`V'OB9X9\8^-?AQ^V7^RG\0/!OP[TZ35_B!XM\$?M$?+Q7X9\Z3%-86


)E\+:?XBA



MV'PD_9LE@_;!_9IMG\*^`/C+.GB[]I*^;P?^T-\

=I
MJ-I-






^'NL^'-9_8
\2)X

M4N([G7/^)-`\.K.LVJ_\2Z





7][XJM?B1:2_NAH'[2'[/'BSXL^
M)_@)X6^/7P7\2_'3P3:&_P#&?P7T#XH^!]9^+/A&Q6TAO?$_P`.=.UVY\8:
M!:.\M'-QJNCVD.RZMFW[9XBWM%`'\LG[-WP;E^*7[?G[''PT_;M^('Q*\2_

MAV'A7PA)JND0^(/%OBC0;KP9H-WK6BVFN7

M`:;-H]]XPLM4_H=HH`^*/VO'GQ9U3]F']F7P+^U'J=])^V'8?LH?`'XA?M

J6


M\+++]O7Q+\1_AK^VU^TS\/?'?B/6?VUO#/Q;^&UKXQ^

OAO9^/


M^M^!O`-IX/\`'EKJ\GCCQIX9\-P6NH^)?'EYJ/A[X:^$K'3-*CT?4-6\=7?B


MX)UCXCW/PD^*T^A^

MHD/AW0]9NK!-=\*:+;:?+:_MY10!XA!^T%\+;7XX:'^R_KWC#3;']HC6/@\_




M^.F@^'-1AL_BGXT_L72;GP/\)/$'BRPM)_&?Q4\6VFG^!M-\5Z=X;NO%?BAM


M_#W[



MLDN+IT56N)UL[2TM%FE+R+;6MO`&$4$2*`?S-_LU6FFV7Q:\#+^S]^T+\8/^




TSPGI



G_!-O]FZ3P[X4^/OQ5\3:%\4

$?@KQ1XBU[Q-?Z/




MQ:D\6W7[-OPC^'WC'P%:FVO-'\'/X



?CE\:[?P)

M[Z?.ZR36+RNC2-9S2*KRVK




(_HFF:-_:-RGF;+B__`+.M;;[7.GFR[9;C


*/C1\-KO
M7OVR?A%\;+G6OVI9_P!BWQY\1?B3\(KS4=$^OQ&\:?&SXR?'7X))<:Q\
X=


M?[4?QO\`VA_!#?\`!-67XB?&*+2_%2?M#:S\#?C'?_$3X(?\(!XF^`^L:'J%

T?1KGX4_?Q%X:\/\`A3Q#X9G\0_T




M(8?$7:_M'?%8^#?$_P#P6S^+6J?MP?&3P5??L9_M$_LW^*OV?=#3]KGQ;X6^







$U?%UUXN@^+/CGX6:?X0T2;_@H)^S+X2\9^+_$
MGBOPQXP\*WM/#W@#Q%XIU!/$_B+4G'@:\2/Q]H^H:%XG\/Z5XCTSM_'O_!-
MSP1X_P#&?QJO]3^*?BR+X8_M7]OJ'Q/^%UQ\/?@5XAD:`?#KPC\)M2\(^!?





LK672O



O$7C?P_I7Q;UK7?%%[X_P!)T/Q!




^'?BU\&+G1='*R-;6%SX


6.MWGBCXO
M7*_!WX9_#/2OB%\2_B





MCOQIK?Q#L_&WC6\TWQCXD\


M










-4^.L'PG\9VO@*3Q!



EAN4E^4?V?/\`@GEKOC/X9?'+X1_M


MO`WPS3QIJ



MG@1/$VA:K:VS7^C7

M]4@\:^
(O%?CS4]2@U?Q'K'A*T\5?$;Q_P.-$\+Z5XU\5:GX@EW/V:/V./@
MI^R3)\2Y/@T/BAWQA\7S_$;XCCXA_'+XR_&-/$7Q)U(SMXE^(

X
MO#_B;Q@9+3_A*9/Z:)IFJ#2-'4:9`MA&`?)G[2'[)_[/WC;XL?!OP#\.O`


M`&R_V2]?^)/P^_;1\+Q_`K_@I58_GX8?#\_L3?MDW/@'5/#F@_?]HGP5XV



7B?QKXC\+^



M8P?#WPE!X^T;Q5#IACF`.%_X*J66D:Q^Q3XZ\-7/C/4/!7C#Q1\2_P!FS1?@



M!_A?5_$/BRQT98K'XC:)=27/CSP!XO@O?#?Q2TCPSXM\S3G]J_X+D113?\$@




MTO6-1TJTG\47UQH6B:=J=W:02^(M331M6UVZT;2[2ZD1]7OD\/:)KFLW&G6D



M

M$7X2V7_!1?XH^#_`&@?MR?L+_'M[ZT_X*'_LX6NHV_@[]J+]GN^\+_LR?#'X



MK;0+S3(]834=0DO6A33




M^&+WP7XST'PQXS\;?#;4-5\*:E$MMJF@0^+/AKXB\(^
='TW5;`2:5JUOH?B

MOVUEI'QM^





M^'KNUU:8:#\*OAS8W4FC76E7%R?!^D74DYO!=W%T`?+/_!6;3-&T7P+^RA\
M7ONG6?_``U#X`_;V_8R\/\`[

$?#WXY_#2WU984



MZ_HD4ND^)_B)H_AVW^)GB[2KR\TGQ9XSUO2Y5LX^Q_:1_9@^&'[5G@_1/`GQ



MYJ%W/96/P0^#_BV/P_:?R\AL-&TW4];T_QUKB7/BO0?!OXX?!C1/AQ\_VE
M/AK^RO;236O_``23^*'[67Q&\6_L=7UOIUOH?@BU_;Q\*^
O$OQ#\2?LCW6H

M^NFC?\$^/@OI\VLZGKGQ!_:J\=^)]6\'Z]\/;3QMXX_:Y_:)U;QEX0\$^+=8

`[S2]*O?#<VL^
]1DTZ]TG2KR)OM.F6
MN`
M?*/P&O=1\=_\%C?^@_%Q(K[7/V?OV??V.-&_9(TW5!/Y/A3X'?&K1_BEKG

M?U;Q#?0WOZ1_%C]C#X'_`!HF^&FN^






CZ/IF

M/%VAZ];Q:IHWB
M_P`

\

MV%K=Q`'Y#^+HOVN/B[K7AWP?I_P[^$_Q$U;_`()F?\%!?A%?^+OAM\+&/P4^






M!/?QG_P6(_:IUWX:?&YXA!\9?!'_``4=C^'/Q/\`AUXX^$WQ.@L9XDO_`-E_


M4_C-;?%G3OB[\8YO$&K:]J
_A#P[HWBGXIM+XJ^*OPM\07ON/[9/QK^)/PL;













M?!W[`O[.7@3XCVOQ*\/:1XWCN_#_`(T^)?Q*^&_@K4?B9XZUGX4?!OXD_&2U
MUJU^)WQ`^$'PKU77+OP-X\6^*QXJ\:R?VMI.B3PU_PL'XCVO@U/#FG?$+Q


+_CEI?QI_9IV'5/$\UO
M<ZQ+^T/I?A:Y3_A6CKHWOO@#_@EU^S5\-)OV<IOVM?'&'_AE;XR?%WX\_!^


M_A5_PEH^']A?6TUW)IL*^&AXZ\6+:36-E:W-PFL2I?S7:6UDML`?E9^Q/^U+

M%^CZ'\-/&]!_X*A?';0?V8?B#\7/B5#\+M5^//[$OP5_;!\1_M[?`KP?IUMX







MQ[K&G:%J/C[6_$]QX7\+/HH!\C?M;Z?8-_P5+_X)$:HUE:'4XK3]OW3X]1-M


SPFK^T'^P;\'/
MVD_BI\/?C7XY\7_'_P`-_$KX266M:=\+_$'PJ^/_`




%W^TS\=8?C-J6O^
_A]I'PJ\3Z9J_




;_`




M7XT?LUV?P^^(GPT^.?P%^+^K^(/%NGZUHFJIXO\`B#X]\.?&;X%:G8Z!&_PB
M_:/^'KZ)X


M@C\#?%7Q(\+W?@&QUW2M9^'FC6-W\2F\73^&H1XV^)7A#P-=-9^'?A_I&M^.







ZR74UQ](?L
MI_L@?#;]D#1_BIH_PX\4_%SQ;_PN3XN^*?C?XWU;XP?$S7_B=KEUX]\8PZ?;
M:W=V&J:^[3Z?836^E:=#'80Y1([2$
\A12`#\0/A1^W-\`/VE?\`@J'^P/\`
M&F+X[)?^)/BW\(_VTO!?PY^!ZMXXL8?A#X&U*X_9]O\`X8Z#XR\):C86VG:5



M^)FH^'=)M?#_`


MVFOZ^FI^_P#B7X$^`/%GQT^$W[1.L6^J2?$CX*^`/C+\-O`T\&I20:/;^&_C
MOJGPDU?Q\-2TI8RFHW\UU\%?!2Z5=2RJ--A7546*5[\20?(7QU_X)PVOQJ'[
M/C:;^VI^W5\&[K]FS7?B+XJ\#:I\./BG\

M`
%/C?JOBG6_WA/Q9XI\^`;F:\MH_!W@WQ%J^BZ3!&MX\U`'C'Q1_8;FU'


FG0W366N^%SXL\1-)]S?LM?$WP[X



M*&_X+(_$CP+IGQDU'Q[\
_#OCK3?'[#WA/]J/X?^.O7P\^
WPC^%'BSXJ^


MQ'I7QB^





M/_,^'-9\=^F?%__`()U_7XO?'VQ_:
/Q/_`&BOA=XVU?P%I?PK^-^C_!CX


M9F^&EM\#O@Q\2]8T?Q1X;;Q=\/++PW\

M/AEX8@\176I:!X(T_7['1=7TL`^U****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/F']IS]J/P[^RQ:?!35_%_@/Q_XP\/_`!H_:+^
MG[-$.L^`QX)G3P'XQ^/_`(^T3X9?#WQ+XQL/%OC/PCJ%QX);QGXBTC3O$%WX
M
M_%OB;2;:Z_M&#PKJ-I!=/!\C_$3_@K)\
OAM\7/$GP.U#]G']J+Q7\1?#W



\7_M__P#!0SX3?#/P3^T%^T'^S;\/O'VF

M%


GB']IK



O'FDULX/6A^/O%O@W

MI^/GQL^&?QVO];\!^`-

1]6\3K\/\`

MO@SJ
OQA^%VN?&/X0_$3X%?&?5_A]XD\9^%O%7@OPE\2/@_XS@\2^&O&GPJ\
M!^-O`'B#PW\2O#\
%]INM:#XDL=9TCQ$LNC`!XD_;\\
V*6L'@OX#?M!?$7Q


M@/XI^-_B]\#?BKX





MP-\7/@W\9OGQ)^,_PSYKWBV'0/AYI7@O\`:%\)^%_#^O\`P5U#QS\3OA%+



7_``2Y_;)_
M8N\/?!6Y_9Q_:P_9VL/B#HO[
WP8_9!^/D_Q/_9C^(7C?X;_`!`^&?[.&N^-
MKSX&?%#P=X5\._M(?#_Q;X=^-GA71/B9\0]%\2_VE\0;_P''C*QU[2;=/7
MAN\\

M^-
_Q5^%_P`





MUJF@^(=(N/$UEXL\+WLFAS^(O#NF:9XL\)ZAKGQ/^T5_P3L^(WQ_^*O[;.DW


M?PJ^+?Q:U2X^'WQ4^*U[HWPLMOAQ:?V'\._@U'X/7QQXDUOQ1\8/B5\)?`%G



/#
M\=IX0\26%AK7ACQ-XHM]-U?3/&@!]DZC^V[X)^#7Q8\*6?QC\1?M$:=I_@?_

M5H
%GIW@G6?#'B/7&%GJ_B7^Q;BW^O/V;?VG)OVB)/%$-Q\$/BM\(QH'A[X?





MH*?_`(3S4?@+^P)J/C7P#KGPV^'4'P\N?$?Q;\7_``^^%'A+XJ?&/X@RZAXJ


MOA^W\3Z]\*S!XQ^*-WH/Q#^&&I^/?!






MHL+;P






M+'A.PUJ]\





K:^[?ML_L*_M$
M_'Y_VE/'P#^





=I+\.X=5O;3QGX&\4Z]\2+KQ3X!E
MMH=
2^&_B


MZC9^&/\`A/O$T

MG_@HMXD^-O[

_9SOO$FD_M+?$OPKX.L/AG\:?B=
M\.-)@UCXD^'].N;'QO-\2=-\0W.BOJ'C/PKJ_BKX3^$/AWX^\):-K&H_#KQ9






M


M/?C-^SK\0?AE8CPC\
?BG\/_`!E\&_B[IGQ#;P=\3[SQIK_PSU_P1XE3Q?X*
M\6B#P#KOPXN/!/B2TM=8G^%7Q'NM6T3Q[XBT1(M(






]*6^U7PGJ-[-\D_![_@



MZ_C/^PYX9^

_$;X=6BQ?V!\;9/#7BW1OB1




M?_!0.Q\;Z+*;'X!_$[3/B!9_MK3?L/:I\)]5\2?8^-+#Q[HGA6W\=^,O'3-
MI/CW5M$D^'_A[X=1:Y\7+13JD7C;7_@[I$'CRR\'0G6-/T5N1\!_LK_MF_W
MXY_%G0O`7[1OPPTW]BOXL_&C7/VAX]&N_AUK]W^U!\

MGC*;Q#+\+[SX9?$KX@OXD\4#Q/XF\%ZAXS\%:7XX\6^$]#LKNY;PKXO\)Y'[




M?XD^
VI?L_\`A7PMXF^



M[
%YXL_9:^*UR/VA/VA/B;X[\+_$GX5Z]KOP0^-GPC_:+^)?QK^




/V?=1TG]H_Q[\3TTS0?C









+
M:K)\6?$7]J+XZ:IX8_X*'?MF^#OB[K_AWX8?\$[/BKX^\$:'^SYIGASP1=^!

!K.[N/OAW2_AIXBTZ_X1.V^'^G:A;C5_&.E
M?\))/K5[I4J^'(]+@UC4_FKXI?L)?%'7-7_:9^#_`(!O?AQ#^RK^W'\9OWQ

WB
M#6_B)\
[OX1^.O'?C7QEIWA_XC?;=.T;30#]








MX%?$?P!\5)_@MX;^)NB_%KXQ?$WXW6\^F?%/XA^-O%/C[Q#KVFZ)YVEZEXBG


'O$6A:BL5_'YG\./V]9\9^*=:\8?MQZE\)?






MC\(WO[9/BJQ2?5!;Z9KEK\
/#\[7FD2^/=1C\#W?V??V'OVV/@3#^Q%\$K;Q
MM^R]K/[

MXD^
O[7OB3X;:KX3^(OQPTC4OVRO@I\'/`]GX]^+_P`!/A1\5OB)X1^'GQ?\





M?AGPP^DZ!ILGA/\`9L^('P8_9PM/@]\)?`G[._B7Q+XT^)WQ2^*/Q#3XC7?B






M&^NZ-X%@\#`'M_QW_:+M?@?JGP^\.6?PC^
/QE\6?$B3QG+H_A[X3Z3X)2#1

WBCQYIFH:YK^NZ9I^A:=





.H7^G[7P]_8J_:#N_V


GWT?@V+5M5DU#5?#\ND#7+6QCCU%[.]N4`
M/T%\$?M]_`[QS\,?@C\9(+3QKX9^&WQP\'?%_P(MGXE\:Z=X<\
K\-?A_\`
M!+2-4UKQMXR^+^D7OBHZ]X'T6TMM



O@;4M%;4_VC/B3X@^$G




;/PKX3\4ZOHWP
M#X._X)I?$7Q?_P`$OX/@[::W::M\='^+OP[^/OPCA_:T\(KK6B7_`(`_9L^+



MO$6CV?B+7'FU7Q);PP:Q?WT$-S!9V.1^SS_P5#\'?&WX'ZC\9M=_9_\`C[\-
M)=1_:(^+7[./PA^'VM:%X0U?QM\?_'7PV^)GQE\$)H?PJT[0_&E];W/B&TT;

M6?[4GAGX


M



WP5

\%^(OAAHVG^';/^T/$%


M?\$J=3\8_##Q!\


WPL^.]Y\4?VJOVP_


M:OBK^T/9^)-`&@^'M?\``_C;PKK=E\+-8TK7_$L_Q-\
P^$HOL]Y%IOB*&[N








\2_
M`']I^#1/&N@W
5]\6/AMX_\`AEK5]XXUW4-1^$?A?Q3:^*?AU?\`Q/O?#W@[


MNWV`'LWPG_;
\:ZG^V3JW[_QZ^$7A'X=_&B3]FI?VL?!NL_/XM:S\9_AMK


M_PS#^W_`/MN?MC?LG^!/&/PT\6_!F_O_%'A_P#;Z_:,_:/^!WAKP[HGCWP5
MH]Q9^/V@/V?OB38_NZU#2-#GT_3??Q9\2^$KE]
\2Z%X@T?1@#]E;[]HK
M]GW3-


77CO]IWXM?MH_#O]C#QG
MJ&N?%WX8?&C]I#PSX0T+X'Z[I_\`9=IX8\?_`!3^&_[+OPJM?&'[*M]_PKS3
M-




MA\$+!O%/@F+2GUC2H;:]TG6=
\27$MX9=$CN(;'5+BQL_M6?LP_#?X!_LU:9
MX7_9_P#A5\2M;U?QQ_P4'_X)[?'GXEW^C6OQM_:.^*_C6?X8?MX?LM?%+XH?





MMH6L

7=MX0U.&PM/#&LZ?I0!^V_P`)_P!M[]DO


M_$7X#_?Q;\:?AUI7Q_:9O9;7X(^%Y?%N@G4_'ULGA_5/$5OK6AP#4`UYX?







MX+\
2^)]$U&^U6T\-W]]\6_[*U

_?C_PGJ$U
M];6'BCP3XBT?Q5X=O;C2[VXTW4H+36]O+_3;F;3M1M+K3[Z*&Y=[2]MKBUN
M%CGADC7QNQ_:2\)7GB;XISW=SX6\






M`!1XFEN]#LM9U6T\(:%J5[9ZWXGCT=;LK=2Z5I]RT$26Y2$-@?AC^U'^RWH
M=]\+/^CGC3]C[]F7Q?\
_`'Q&_X(Z_%#]D73?AOX(_9_P#&WPLUCXS_`!UU

M2/'.N?M.I\']5^&WC'4M;\6?%#QYX*\4^$/@=9?L[:V?&6B:7^SY\+H?A)^T







WB+X@Z/XAO

M2WPZ_9`^%OP3^('PW_:-\5Z'X6^'_B3PQ\%_VB_@-\7/&G[&WPSTJYF3X6?&
M70?CKX1\&?'#P=X.^-.FQ:IX
\)^'?&&H:7K=]I



MT.+0M
\6Z9K-UH%_K

MKXR^&/&?P



MS]0_'/X-^%/@9\:/VA]!L_V+/%/C7]E#XO\`_!-.]^$/[




M^D:UI^O^-O[1_P$,T.^TO4-9M[ZTUCQ=_8^K?\`




MT/\`#_\`:OT77_#?PX\2W?PR&IV_C:#Q7\1_V:W\1+97ME?V4NCZ5K6L2P6?



M+?:OXF\.:D+#2DT[4+?[!/I4AUA]0O9]






M+`=




&$^')T/4/%7AE=<T&^\*V&C:@`?7/A
M_P#:T\*^%?AOXY\??M;'P'^QY'\-_B=<?OQ5J/Q9^+'AO2_AG=:Q)I.@:YX

M

^*O$2




M?A_XO\


MUTEF]:K\0?@W^S9JW@?_@H%\7_V8?#N@^%(_P!D'P=\2//_!5'3(;*6T?4



OV



M8_[`_@*7]A/]D_5_^:?[5OP@^-?CCX=?#QK\4OAS\$_BCX+^`/Q3^/G@?]



OP$_9F\':?\-O&O[9OB#P+\)/A/9?%?0OB+^RIX



MK(\`?'GPYJ7P;C^


MV@_B?IWAS5_%/[04/PKN/V?_``TFJ6$]@]G?^%_B+XP@_:1^)?BCX7:AX:\3


M_?:CX-L-9\1W7AWPKXAUAM.EN?#UGJWB[1_#WC.]T+P_JUZ;.&^\1Z5X4\67





M?V+?#YO#$?A6P^%=IXA\#2V8M/#GP[O-2T_3K2UB\*_X)

M-6$/CNX^('BKP7\*8-*L?%%QXB@D@TS5-`LFTIY;?3I+_4+EC
_J/Q
_;4_9

/O@8+7QU\;
MO$/P9CT#QW\7_&?AKP+\





O








?$3PE+JVGRZ3K


^#OCOPIIWBWQ9XB^'J_'#XE?$SX1_$?X
_#S3_A+XH\5




+N07'[
'BCX[_P!N
M^+]*^

MFP.JC2/MEO\`VH=
%P+0ZD+#S/M9L!=LMJ;SROLXN(3)YAU_*C^V#??L]_




MPR/BWX


M]1BO+V_MXFT_0-7N8/4/VI_A#^T7\1_%WP'\6?`CQE\$=(@^$OB#QEXLUCPE


?&5_V?\`P)%?IX-UK6='UOPA\7/C%I7B'X=^
M#_$_AG7=6EE\177P\O+?1]1\&^/7\7^&OOROR'_X*'_`S3_A[_P2]L/V7/@]

M`(M\:7$-]?:


MC7-


D/G1@)+Y;


M-+U[1[I+[2-;TZQU?2[V)9%CO-.U*VBO+&ZC65(Y52XMIHID62-)`K@.BMD#
M1K^9OXR_M/?MC?L


MN=1M-/DCMM

M6M#\0-I6KVC61ETWXT?#'6/B]XH^`VF^++6[^+?@OP9X?^(7BCP6EEJJWNC^

MD?\`9@'_``33_P#6BO\`@K%7R9^VY\9_B#^SI\=?V\?CQ\)]#M/$/Q*^$7_!












?&
M3XT?!7X]^$O^._[$'[4W@WPQJVJ:+XQT+X4?$M?@_\`MZ?&6\^&.F?#?XO^
M$/$_AV'PCX
MJ6$C36.I6=KJ%E
\


M_P#%CXZ_M!_'SQ9^SQI/[3/BS]EBZ^$/_!//]GC]IWP'XMT;0/AQ
_Q:^*7Q






M]=Z-X4_M;P_;@'W3\*?VI/@C\;/%_B+P-\./$^M:MXA\-Z!I?B]UU?X=_$KP




M7#H^E6NA:1I6B64NI3V6CZ;8Z5:3:SK.K^(M7FM=/M8K2WEU7Q!X@OM3U[7=
M2DBA1[[6=;U+4-7U.Z


M?S6WW[6'[;5U)^S]^QQX^+FB^(O'/C7]JK_`(*7_B#X\_&7XR^%OV;?'_Q
M#\

MCSX








_M_VOB#]E?]GR


MX+?LO_&!_C?_`
%3_#'P_P#VY_VA8OVGK3PC^S)\
_AK\9OB%K_PY\3Q:/XO


&LHK?5OV[?#&MZII


MNOB#_@FI\2O$_BYOVC/!/Q&U;]HKPU\5_A?XU^'.D?$']G#]I7Q%X3^)OBO]

M6N+*+PQI'XPZW\-/$$7[#'_!371;;XY?%_6?%=W_`




?B]X'\53:SXS\(:+XB\=^
_-/
MBO\`M;_MFI\?^C/@SP_P#M*^




M/[.5A\.WL?BCXC_:%U3QYXR\
_![Q[I/C&V\1V7B'2M%\`_#V:T\1Z!XJ/BH

MX1^#7Q#\2:IX?\3_`+3-MXB\/Z_^SGX`\!ZM'X;^*GC+QGX!3Q)\2_%.G^#H

M%^U'J_[(7QG^&&K_`+1/PV\/_!?]H3QM\)_@%^U?I'A_Q3I'P[M?VJ/AC\%?


K,HFO\`Q!X\^)GB7QAXWUI+*UBM])T&PU/Q#=:;X9TRT_P[X<L]*T+3K'3




MP^`+_%_PG^V#\$_^L^;_0OAA!X:^(]WH7PCU'X8^%?#$'P$MS\5?`=MK_P


M^UAJ/[&O_!


M/%LGA#P^_$ZO\7?C%\#?#'Q1^#/PZ_:(\.?8_P!H'_@M/\=_@?\`$']IWXO?







M+^+OP9\9?LYVMOXZTSP5I_Q&\

M37+FXMK(`_7_`
8_M#_!OP!\5/@I\%/%OC2#2OB7^T5JGQ#T3X
^'AHWB+4(


MH=CK_B#2;KQ%_86E7.I7%A`?0WQ._:)^#'P:\0?7PO\2_'-CX6UKXY_$FW
M^#_PM@N-.UR_M/$_Q
O--O=6L?!S:MI.EZAI.@ZOJ%EIUX=.3Q+?:/!J%U$-


P?#[]JS]J#X?Z!XWL$\7^%]3\-7GB^\TG2;2\OW\0^'-8\(7N




W@R[





MXO\`B+8GPW\
-)G^`?Q.A_9ZM_V@M+^
G[/G]F^%)[FR^#EE-)_PIN]^''Q*

MS\=/VN;@WWCZU^'





MV^



M9XBTSQMX)^%/Q(O=*\+Z=XTO-%U^U`/T?\1?\$\_@SK_`
2/BSXZA\;?'?PU

K/PEX/^']SK?C;0&MKGQ);VWB'P#\



MT\-_LCV=_P#'_3O$6O?$#_@LS^VK_P`$^?%FKZYX-^$U[J'B/X
?!^Y_;AT+

OP^TSQ'I/BR_N9M#CLO$_AS^P


MXOL)[35?$&C1^+]9`/W+\3_GPGXR\?_``X^(OB,:QJ6K?=_$U]X'TA]9OH


MZQ8W_P!0^`OC?^W5X7\(_P#!*'XE?&7]I/X??$I_VY/VC?A!H'C?PAX*_9U\

CDFU&]TZW\2

MN'TGQ-X3UO3?$7A_5$M+NXL+IM.UG1[F\TZ]6VO[2ZLKAK:YE$-W;7%M(5FA
MD1?RE_X)GZC=:[^T1_P5BU7XK2(W[26G?M[^(O!NH6FNS6(\6:1^REX=^%GP



MOZ-I?@[3-4\4:#XH\&`'ZJT5^'7[.?[:W[47Q1^-7['G@?QGK'A.QLO&?Q/_




M5;/5]?OM;U+3[_3](M-*L[NXU*^L;RTLXYI[::-/3:_);]F'P_X^U_\`X*._





M\;:CX




M'_Q*\'?`'X&__P]\:?VA_''PF^+OQRT?P)XP^)\_P`'/

M=SJ/Q!M/A[\4IK#Q+XD\??%OX=^%O!FBS^$%TS4X+KQ=KVI^(]%LO!T\6I`'


Y-$%E#%9C2G
MUHV(M8H[
/$_@C]CK]F/X
?MA?%W

M#KO@#P'X5_:-\7:#\6/B%+XH\*^
/B9`-$TW4/V6=0T74_B!\2O`_EVC^%M4





3Z6-'\
M^;^SOLWFON_%S_@HE^TQXT^




[3X867A



_#4^'AX?^)7B'XD_#3\WOV'/VK_%
M7[.WCK]H'X3^*/A5\8O&WP5\5_\`!8?XX_LQ^&?CIXH^






M!WCCQ!\(?BCXW^*'P^^'/QN\+:3\9=7NK74OA/#XSDU/QQ\6?#^M?`'PI\*O



M5KO7_P!GS]CO6[/PQ^U[XBB^

*J^&'ASP3X
ML\'?&/1?V9]-\:)IOQ-U2_\`C-\



%1?VDOAYJ7[85_X(_X)\:C\6/AK^Q-JFD^

MQCKG[1_@GQSH&J:!XR/AWX4^+])TK1=6\2@'W?XI_8%_8=\:?#3Q?\&_$G[(




_!?[



)[W4K.&VO;S6K]NKB&&.65EAC

M%^'?A#X[6FD?#+7+35-/TE]9TK2/B!I6D^-8BUVAU71AHE\+2X@^.?$_\`

M(89=7GTCPAH_A#5/L;X=_LP_L^?#7X7^(OA%X0^!'PE\)?#KQ]'JDWQ&^'6C
M^$-#O?!GC.[\1Z;%I7B*'Q997VCPP^-K6]TJ&#PZTGB73IA/X:L--T
V=KH]
MC9Z7:_./_!2^R0_`WX-Z]#=ZO8ZMX;_X*?\$NI=)NM*UW6M'CQ-_P4A_96

?`/


M(_`
;6T][9^$=/\`B5HNF6^O+I^J['-H\

M*7P0^'W[1'_#












M
O`OPK\


MQE:WEQK=GX?`/U%MOV0_V3K*[^






GXCI^WG_`
%



-3L4T_PUI*66H?L
MN?`^]M$TKP791:;X.TQ;:Y\#20KI_A/3H(;#PU9!!;:%90Q6NEQVL$:1CY+\



M#X:_$.T^`/P4M?'_`



M^)?[0/@[]IKQ'X[\&^-/C-XI^&_@#X;^!OV:?C7J'[


M\4/_PS-\!/#'Q&\Z!X?\`G@WQOX;^$G@30/$WAGPSX1\


M\
#XN_9M\2_#O1/%.O\`P
^


M&^2:!UN[@2?FEX__`.EOQX\!^//VS+:3]C;0-?^#/[GQQ^&7PZ^-/Q/T?]

M!X



M^


-=T:T33--2VTO5-8NK&

M'=0^*ECKE[JVHZW9?$B]TCP]9W/CBTUC4-?UV_U6V\3R:I#J%[K6K75VDT^I






_@AX2NI?$-[X(LK#6+KP9XR3Q]I7K/[#_PHUCP)^ROX








$DO&7BK]F35=#UK]HO

/#^L^%?A]
M\3+F*Y_X2GPAX;\1BZ7Q%HFAWT=S&MEIOB!+R:/7;6.+R]8B6VAU$7
5E9I!



M7\97=AJ'B_XG:!X@A\*)JVC?$+Q5?Z5I=[XD\::==VWB37+O3;YU/4KJ:SM
MWC]`^#_P^!7[/.@ZMX5^`/P5^$OP.\
:_X@O/%NN^'/@_\`#CP=\
]!UKQ5

M#)/G[XI_\%8/B%\++/4_!6H_LBPZG^TK\/?VO/V3OV5_C'\%K;]H/0[30-'T
MC]M#Q!!X5^`_Q^^%'Q/O?AO'_P`+


KOX+

MX=3US5KN]U;_`/8N_8ZU7PW\2_!NJ?LG?LT:EX0^-/B:R\:?&+PK?_`GX6WG
MAOXL^



M4U;7/$?BS3_!?Q/F\$Z-H7C7Z








MFCN-;TCP^O[0/[;7[=GP^^'7@Q-'_8\^&?@;XQS_`+:O[./[-7BZ'Q]^T/XF
MN/@AXE\
?&#Q;\/7L_&WP+^*VD?LW7_B?XA^$?$5GXDO/ACXGUKQ3\'OAGXK
-;[3;^WM[ZPN_$NFZG<6=Y!#<V\D<T2.OR
M_P#\%B9=0T[_`()\_%'Q9I\/B?\`X2KP/XV_9W\7^&[?P+XIO/#7B3Q'I_[

M;O`?@+]LR#Q9^Q'=:)^TE^Q7X.\/_'/Q=\!I_C]I5_HWQ1_95\9M\2%\+_'C






MW2K[Q'?:WXGNK*7Q%XAU[5-2_(OQ)_P53^*GQ*_8=_X*:_%7X8_`75?A;\:O



MT73_`(._$KXE?'2X_9S^$/[4/[3WPF\(?'_XM?&Z#1]'U/POXE\
^I/@Q+\
M2/COX^_:9^.FB?#36_%'B;P)I^E?#G1_&'C+2;[6OB'\4;CQ5XF\*^*/B4`
M?JEKW[`_[%OB7XBW_P`7M8_9B^#
_P`4M6^)WACXT:O\0K?P1I&F^
=8^*W@


MXA\??$OX6?#;POX3^.7@RPM[#Q'X[\`^`;CXU^#$T#7]'O/AU\5?B6PU:/20
M#]M?AK\




MD_BU_P`%.Y_V;?ASJ6J_M0?L]:U\#OBM=_&30/@?\


M\.:(]C\K_P#!

G
MQO\`@WI9^













M!XD^&WQ4^%GB?P;\4/`?B&\TK5=:T;7-



M'I!LO+/$G[$?[


M3O\`A??]C?5E%`'S-\

M3T^S:P^(OAW0?$.M^*](^#WPC3QOXCU?P^EC+=Z/XS_X1'POX0T?Q3X;T3X?




W[/EIX270+OPMKGCOQ


M^'/[4_A?]JOP]K]OHO@;QWXEM/$/PM^
NG_&/X#_``\LI?'N@:WI^C_#7X(_
M\(C\+/A3X*T71[&QOHO@G\+/#'PXEU-=+GU:6^I?&'_@F)X@^



\=?&G








MX8^-WP_T[]GBP^$WQ#/[._[0OC_PKX2L[
:EJ&FZ[\/_`!-XN^&\WC=K?PQI



W@\5:)K6G:+XLU!-
M7\+6OBW1]8DMHX9--UNXU^QG2.VX/XJ_!2__`&B?VA/V4OA#X\\#?&WQNG[%





M^($WQ


RQU[7;[QC\)?VL?VF?@-X]\;_




MOX!ZK\&/&?@_4/&VF:;XQ\-W_BGX;ZUXM\&^+K234M!\16^CZEJ_AW4/UQHH




Z?^M]%`'Y;^#/\`@F+I&C?LK_M/

/#
)\.M]*T4`?FEKG[`?C


MGQYUGPN[/\=?B-X6U+PL]I\.?'&OVFBS^`?#GB[XA:)I6F3R^./$&IW?0?&C













&O[Y4U'4]/N?TAHH`
M_+7Q1^P/^T1\0/V1?VA_V:OBM^WKXT^
_BS]H/X/^*/V=[[XK?$SX





M%*[UOP5;^%-`\-^#/LMUXBO?@?X\W^FZ/XDT'P_X2\3ZKJNL:I:ZG=^.?
M$OBW6?%'B77-3^G:**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH


_A#X]F^&GQ9^%/
MQ@\&W?@+XE_#SQ?_`

MX

?B3\)&^!W[1?A

M1M


[.ZT*XM_&5MX0\6W

MM17_`.QI'^R?^UIXL_:(TWX

M^3/PD_X*Z?#7XT7'[8&F^$/V7?VL8M=_82TZ['[2WA_5[7]F2WU+P7XUTV2*






M]0M
M?BYX&T6ZUF\\(_'1_$/[1^@7GQ574HX;5=+U?_`(0MKQ-2M5M;&XU&.\TN
W5H+Z![.*\E5X[@@'O=%?B/^S;_`,%U/V<O
MVC;7]C_7HOA!\<_A1X'_`.@<GQFT;]CGQM\3(OA?%H_Q)^(/P+\7:[X'\8?


M?!Q_A%)\/?'U[?1^%+Y;/Q+?_$CXK?#OQ%X
TS^P?B/\
O$MKXBE\-:O8:AI
M'B^1;))M5T'4]
'T'\9?V\/!W@#]H33OV1/A-\

/B+X4

MUZ[E35+?P='X3BO_`!+9`'W717XQ_M(?\%L/@S^RI\#_`(U_'3XQ?LR_M:^'





M7XJV/BKP7^T;XT\






N

M-?$WP\\`:WXP\'_##Q7\9?$.DSZ&EE\-_`]_X7TSQ7XCBU/Q#I.D:B=&O?&F






^NI\





MJ$7TD[7*0W]Y$LH2ZG5P#^_P`1^`?!?[1G_!L\/@S^Q1X!^(6M_&G]DW]I
MCPC\2?\`@I%^RIX@UB36_P!H#Q3\3?A_XQU2[_:/M?'6A0V=CJ'B#2]6\0OI
MGQ!\


-]&EUKQ3X57X9:



MYTSO-+_:




MOB#_`


M!.MZ=._C3X





/&/QO\?ZMXD\06G@?1O/A+66\;Z[XN/#OQ

$O

^+W[4__!./2_!O


MWPA%XB;2?#%GHWQGT&72X;;3?'.A3?V#Q11011PPQQPPPQI%%%$BQQ111J$C
MCCC0!$C1`%1%`55`50``*?0!^=G_``38\)Z5I/[*USX:T/XP_&KX[?#74?'_
M`

(?%_Q&@U/Q)_5I=+



LEFOKR\L+72[N[
MO)1`'N;JZTRQLM.N;B9GEGL+.ULY7:WMXHTB\/\`ACPWX2L/[*\*^'M#\
Z6
M9Y+HZ;X?TFPT:P-S
$6:X^QZ=;VUOY\JQQB2;R_



MC/3?$7BK4_A+X'^'VM_V!T4`?Q.0_'0_$/\`X)V_`KQ!\7?CR_C[XQ_!+]E?

M1]/^&OACPSXK^'?QLU#7_$GB7P?\



T5QXG^+'BG0_AKX5\(

M1XH\!:C-_;?P\\5^/$%Q+K@_([Q-X$^%L'BSP#\*!^T/\8_%_[LO\`P5H^
M&WA;]FOQOJ7[8?QQU6?4_AAXG_8GUR[_`&C?`7A'X[6/Q1'C?XB?`/PC\?[W

#SX!U&74?%?AZ'P[X<U
MCP]XV\56VLWEG9:CK$MU<:/<V%WIT6F7MIK'UG8V-CI=C9Z9IEG:Z=ING6MO
M8Z?I]C;PVEC8V-IEO:6=G:6Z1P6MK:P1QP6]O!&D

*)'&BHJJ`#^7?QAXR





M&VO[;UEX9_;V^&C?$'QAK'Q&USX:67C[Q)9_M8V7QA\`R^(9Q)^R7HGP7CL?


/Q

TU6U\=


?PF\2_%G]G3


-(N_AC



_&K_@DI\9?%OQF_:KE_X)&_%:W_:ECT;XY^.?C_XAN?C`?@3\
M$=4_9^M?B-X%\9^-/%

\+P^%O^$(
MTZ71=._JX^
$=<\)6_CS1='T'7]9\*IK]
MC-IEUK&DZ/XHLM3\.7VIVMI<SFPCUO3=2TQ+HQ37FGWT,;VLN'^SK\(IO@!\
M!OA!\#9?&NL_$5/A!\._GPVL?&WB+3-!T?7O$6C^#-(M?#^B7NL:=X8L-+T


OPO\?\`BZ*'



MFC23KJ.DR:MHNKZ8E_;6[7^EW]J);24`_$G_`()__`3Q=I/Q@;]GCXEZ#J.L

M%C2?AI\




MX?\`B+XBVUKXF3XHQ_&JRM9(_'%U#:/^^?QUAUV\_P4OQ:_M;QK\9KKQ3I




M^TO#X)^&/@;QQ_P3W^-?[+6O?!/6?C_^SG\%=*/C\_^V^)6C_#Q!XQ^(%S

MWPR\367QM\&?M



M^+GP`U'5+W1KH?$KX'7/P]LOB+IL&DZI:ZG/INEWOQ.^'?Q0\+VMEK:VO]F:




M6VC^+=%\


\/
M?M9?&WQ9\//$_CN;7%@\:CXV\3:)\0_GA72-!E\':78?U944`?RQ_#F;0_
MB9^RG^W7^T5X(G^(7B;Q)_P3U_X*:_&K]KOX'^'=0O/B5X(F\2_`KX47/PQ^
M

7[0W[=/]E?#?7?CMIWP\\2




^)?B5X




M

O@0?$VS^$B^






_P?'_!7&W\*_M*
M3?$;Q+H7[`W[._Q






MW

MQ/\``W0_$UU\2+*30?@1XBN_!VC6UMK2_K;_`


__P`!^?AIX+L9-+\'?#O


M0:O\#O`VOZOX:^*^G)X;L_EU^T_P,3X9_;/CC/\-?BAXK^);7/QY\8O\0;/
MQ1\3/%'Q)M_AA\3+;0O6G^*/A?X3A\4ZGJ;_#GPIHD=EINN6?PST%[+POX=
-/'WBOP[X=M[S4+JVTS24U76-7N;72M/O;F
M'YP\8_M%_M$?LI7_`
.O'/[8^L?`O6_@Q\9OC'\-?@9WP)^'7Q\/7W[-GC
MCXOZQ%X2^&M_\2OB+X^^*WB6R^




$]'\&Z!]I^(WBZ/XCRVMUX.\
^





M@;X)?$[QM^WQJ/A#Q_JTMQXR@AN=-U#2_P!KKX7ZB]AH\FIZW##I?CVU;3#J

M5O%&@^!_A=^U7^S=\2?&OBF3Q'#X8\'^`?CE\
/&/BCQ'+X._M+_`(2Z+0?#
M_AWQ1J.K:O)X6_L?5_\`A(TT^TN&T/\`LK4O[3%K]ANO*_*?PC^S/^T-J'PY
M_9U_8U\4?[Q_H^O?L\?\%%U_:HO_P!J3^U?!T_PP\7?#P7^U1XY_:8TWQ/
MHVOP^+KWX@O\0/C1X3\66OP4^('@34/EAX@MO$?BOXGOJ=WJOPMB@\:^*?`
M?A=\'_VC-*^#W_!-/P[J'[*OQTTK7?A#_P`%G_VP/VG?BO:7&@^#HY?/P4^

Y6-C!#<7<5K?2VL$DH1)KB*RNY((V:
M5+6X91$_\ONE_L_?M77O[&W[?7P'^_[*WQVB^$'Q4_X)O\`B+X!?LY_`?X\


MC;6;;P3I\


M+\&7^LQV=KXKU:232?#\NHZC;75K#X?_`
%'OVE_B'^RI^P+^TO^U=\%+;P'





M)FM/#_QHMKS1XA)XDTQ[/PQ(-;UOP]XPU_0/!5R`?T#:%^UE^RSXI\(_$3Q_


+S1M8^/WA?Q-J$OPO^-^J?$7QWJ.E?\`WK'Q#HT
M*6FFZ39^#P/EWI6JZCX9TR\GU2&P^0OVB?@O^TEXX_;1_:K^


MC.P\&_%?X=:U\.+SXL/X.T:^^)W@:YTJ]\7:!H.A6-[7GW[37P;_`&UOVBQ^



M'_[

M`
%%/AE\2_CY^PO\6?!OPS\#:KK/Q)U73OACXWT?X:3ZIX5L?$VK7?P]^)W@




M



TV
MJGP;9:;J



\:^'?V6OBSJNM?#3_@N

M\8^`;BV\




MJ7P]TSXGZ[\


(+6#3I=5MO#VG3_`!/^*_B:WTOPG:O/K&M-
M<6]WK,GYH_LS__]H[0+O_@WOT3Q'^RQ\<_#H_9%_9:\=_!C]H_5]7LOAY!H


MP#]
/B1^V+\-M*_:-LOV(_!?C7PW8?M6^-O@A\0_BMX$T_Q=H7B'5O`VD7/A

M@F=_P4

?[-GC+Q%\4_V?C^U%\3OV?O!_Q@^*7P*^&'CW0Y_$/@^Y








MO]M?]D77/#OB+Q5HG[2?P8UG1O5SX&L_$CZ1\0?#FIZCHUY\4O%.J^/A3:

^$/

/A];0:GJ=K=Q^-_







-(O?#/B2RU;PJ\B:_IEYX?URUOM.MY])OX[?R#_@GU^T?
MXS_:S_99TGXT^
KWX4WWB:_^+_[5WPWAU[X
2:SJ?PE\1:-\!_VJ_C9\!O!O

.O





-?TSXJ:KXH^(NK:!






M`


M\








M%K7]JO\`8G_9MTCX%7OBBYU)?#B_$']D[XA?M6WGQ%^'5N8(I(D6+2?VCO`/


O@77_'







M@1\%_`S_`/!-'XU7'A_Q1X0\;?#U?@!\)_%/[
/C[3_@WX6\'2Z9X3^%OP_^
M*5YXG^
W@;X?16GQ-\#W+RR7'A+7OB!\/O!+:3JN@^-/&8M9-
UG6`#ZX^#'






M$_Q#TOPMHOA+PL?A;K6FZ/X.MO%_QH/B\:[X7^;?@A^QS\:]?T[_`()O_LE_



M=2L=.^
\.K:O=W\/P^OK6U^2_@3^Q[\7OV/[O]F+]K34_AIXN^+'QHATK]O'

MWL/%UW\?AG-XWU#Q#JNA:E]AN_'PBUC7]/O#IT

Y_3SX%?'^]^
?C3]HW

-7\'VS2^)]

M[2[L(/Y^O&'P(_;7\5?M1_!;QS+^Q5\7D/[/'_!5?Q[\==3C^&GQ(_9=^&/[

M&6U\;ZU\4/#/PGCOMEO?`,_TU_P30^&WQ@^&_QML?#F@_!KX\__P#9)T']



O@UI]M8WM_P#%OPI9)K;7/B'X965G

M

M\





6F`'[IWGQ^^!VG

;N3^PI_%+6=IH%Q?1ZA=ZE%X5MIO


M=LY_AE\0/!UM`U[J
UQH]U9WGAR6&VET5X4`/3?VUOVS+;]G*7X



M





M\;@'WM\;OVO[VQ^''QN^*G[
_P`5_P!DKXM^'OAM^R-\3OCMX7T6V^(
WC?Q

M[*Y^


\OP/^TI



MM6:A^T;\5_VP_!:R_+5O'[/7Q
M;:CXLU0:=IVF:1XPMF\4_8=5\-:*-3T_1_(BCCU[63)]K/XKP_LW^./$WPP\







MG_LN?M



MWMO`GB+Q1X`\)^!]4UOP[JU_HNG:_HNCWCZO#(6C-I-_8FLC2@#M_P!K_P#X

?!/\`;&\8?`KQ-\+OBE\5OV*_%7PX\(_%WP+KGBVVM[/P_JGCC7/A


MO[*?QS^*R?M/_&KX`?&/X
7_`(


MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`JC?:GINF?8_PTM1L=/_M^M]
L/MU
MW;VGV[4KO?\`9=.L_/DC^TWUSY






M6^(]B+O]O#X-_L8^(OA;^PU^Q-^U'\

M)^$'PW^
7PU^&'[2WAFX\66]Y\*-8^%OQ2\(_%KP=X0@\-Z%)X3\+^%/$WC2








%=





M]XRN;?2[/P+XUUY@#^DZBOY%?$'[9GQ2\`#_`(*=?!O6_CMHF@?#'X-Z_P#\






M1_%'@/QMX$N=&\8WG@WPUX]TY])3QIH&@OXF\






M??\`!0/1_@9)^QS^T]^S9\+]-^&?CB]^.?CWXQ?%[]FO6?A!\-:MM,TO]G'
MP/\`%S0O@+\:]?\`VJ?%WB7XAZ;9_&*;]G#Q=\8]\?7GBKPSX&UK0[?P-X7



$L&BN/$7A#Q'X5UG58-9\-M/'9ZI;(\.IQ7FEF\LY_RP^/GQ-^/'
MPT^+7_!3'XL^&?VL/VB'?]E__@IS_P`$ROAY\&_AQJ/Q+COOA+I_@C]J:Y_8


]


_!O_!9K


M'_@=^W!_P2:T'X'?$C1OVB/B!_PN+P5XZ_:+_:%^&_@S]JS]E?7OC5J/B+4?






_A#X6:-XSU;7?CHWCGX3^!_VC=+U6

O%\G_!Q;\%?@=?^'-^-/C;1/@SX@^%OQH^*/[,
MWPE^+O@OQ?\`!:RUNV^%7C?^W_?B76KUO$7C'PMKOC;PEK&EVNH^$_$GARW
ML[RTN`#^J6BOYJ?A%XY_:$^*_PVAXR^(/BS]NKPE\(W\'?\%OCM^S)XW_9


M8^++:/79&\':QH7BHZ-K5A\56.J_&_X#?LV_&W]HS5OC)^U+\8/A#_P3(_X*


MP(UK4?BCX@^)]M\0/V@?%GQ-^-7BG3/$_C[Q]K7B+X00_&;6]0USPI\)/!__
M``F/B'Q`?AK;_!7P!=^%/`


M9^*WC+QIX'\3?VGX;AU_0_B;\+_$.JIMP?$G]H+XC?MC_'S5W_;U^'/[-4O[


MBZ\\/^*=!\-:?H.G:'W_`
2]=^*'A7X0Z3:?!'_@JIXO^.'AOQ?_`

MBN);-+LIYZVDL\$


M/PM;_%K2_$GB;PO\3X9?#_Q*TO7KC3?B'HIG^W:`BBB@`HHHH`Y&[\`^[_
M`
;Z/\2K_P`



MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B


M_BK1[[X-_#J[TKQ-KOPDL-+TKX5:UX@T^X\.26FLZM\

MG@RPTC2[/PY-IMOI]I'#]`44`?/OC+]DK]E7XBZC\1-8^(/[



+7XA^-O`W





]Q%'
SF2-6'T'10!\P?$K]B/]B_XS^.+





MZG+^B44`?-

M6[FX^#\*^%A'\
Y[C6H8M7GF\%KHDDVJ11ZA(S7:+*&:U^Q5^QOXEF\5W/B+






M?LV?#;3OVC'_`&GX[::3XCVOP4C^`'AF*/2?!NEZ1X/^'%QXJTOQEXCTK2;K
`?B-X`\$^/_`OBEX9/$_@OQKX5T+Q5X2\1R6]]::I;
OA'K=]XO^'/@F;PM<^#/`'BB[U/
MPA=3Z_X)\(W'@;P3/X8\*ZM)=Z%H$W@_PM+I5A:/X?TEK3T^_9M_9UU2Z^#
MM]J?P#^VHWO[.\-I;?L_P!Y??SP-=W7P


_&#X?2?7XM?/X8_%'X52C0Q+
M\
'[_`$^PO=##::?[)N[&SN;#





%A'-?W3RXOAKX#?`WP9\+!\#/!_P`&/A1X

RGWRB@#R[_A1_P5_X67K?QG_X5!\+O^%P




V-[:RR
MVUW:7


M^&/!FBZM#8V^J:/X3T#6O#U[I7AW2]2@TO3(-0T_1[2SM+R'3K&.YAD2TMUC

M/#WA?XA76BR^+?#^ASQ:EJ
4VDZ3J]I82QW]ZCV[+=3B3UVB@#R[X??`[X*?



M?:E_:_QHLSX:^S?%+5/[1U/4M0^W^.(]=N_MNH7UUYOGW=Q))U]W\!_@=?\`

\/M$V@Z=I'@*;1W\*Z;8
MZ(T

\*1^
O#?A35?`
M?AWQ;'X=TA/$V@^!]=U#P]JVM^#-%UY;


M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1

MR&*UU'6-

OV/OB

M:]I




MM/XMZOJ5H/&

MJV@^$_!ME?W^M:-\0)?(67TOXM_MF_M#_LT^*_C_`/LT3^#+_P#:7^.'@G]@



&N:Y\/_&WP?T[QKX


M^'?@WP]!XG^*%]=^'?VD^&_#NH77BZ_U/6_%GB;Q!XI\3SKI.I^'MT*QM;
MT`_7VBOCC]D_5/VB?&?@WX8?%?XD_%;X=?$3P%\7/@9X&^(+:3H7PWF\%:[X

MO?C/PCX)^-WQD2WM5NKZ]\1^$I?B%HWB[P]X8-E$WBOP5X^











MVC/AS\19/`V@^!]:N]
N?B-XL^'OQ2\%Z]I/A'R/#












M]Q-I
.E:SX(\:W-CJ]O_`&IY%^UE^V[?:/X]_9T\)?`SQ1\4-BO/V_O@M^S
M/\3/%5O\$9-9^$7CW^V_%*:7\4?A5;_$GQ=X6O+TO-!L8-7T_4?&W@:=-+T



M'7]A'XH^.?!7[.?[*/Q:\(?`&X\3_M.Z7IOP&^$/Q9^%EIXK\$^$8OAI\9/%







MCHM[96.I_$#X



^



/B3X


M=_M_Z7\5?''Q&\._`KX$_`_]@[QKX;^'7Q+^`]_X#\9?#7XA_M!^


M[\1?$G2?!7P3\0_\(K\:_'WC?X0:?\-Y/BM\/_!7PB\0M;Z'X]UWQIX-T*'2


M^T@Z+\']9_:)T6W\2?!7XQ:-?_$[]GO09M/M]2^-?P7TR?P.VI?%_P`!VLFK
MZ.UU-\/K37]=TZSU_P`*ZIJNA6&D^
O!]]KVS^S;_P`%!OV3?VM_$&F^&/@1



M6?M;_LS_`+-+_%CXK:##^U%XQ_90TG]H+XH6L_@7QA\.O`6J:?H`TO2?BKXE



?MO?!S]CC2';]G']HM[+



/[WXBZ3X<9O%&HZ-'D;42`?L517QKX$_;__`&4?B%XK\1^#])^)



AIX

$GQRM#I#_I70`44

MN-`\*7WB&+PG::]J48!@TVX\23Z;K$.C1W!RIOI=
O4A.T#`DCIJ*`/SG^#
M/P5\?__7/VM_P!K#P3^SKX2^'?QD^/?PV^%D&D?LMQ?$WP]HGASQ;\0/@7X


M;U;QI\3_`!OXF\.^

M-U;3?!GAC3-3\1:KH^C:QJ'C#5;*PEL?/AGQ+KT]EH]UYA\!?VUO7QK^(E

M1^*_QH\SVOA7Q1XH\,^'?%WAK6?%FB^.?#]YXD\-W]]X63P_P(]!UG40#\


M:WXYT;P+X(\*7H\/5^U-%`'Y^_'W]G#Q?HO[3_PI_;R^`WA?3_'/Q:^%OP
^
M(_[
_C'X/7NN:-X


:QJ_AF75-/\3:5YUJ/P)_:I^(/Q&^(/[:47AOP#\)
M?VFM._9UM_V?OV7?A-K7Q)'B'PYX1\









\;?`CQ?\4[
M7X@^(=
^$=CXC\+_``Q\/VO[/^FZ!\.M4D\'^*O%EROQ-\8:MK7@70WT.VT[
MQ3^FW@WP3X
^'/AG2_!?P]\(^&/`G@[0X[B+1/?@W0-*\+^&='BN[RXUZC
MTO0=$M+'2]/CN;^[NKZX2TM85FO+FXN9`TTTCMT]`'\_M_\`L/\`[;=E^SYH
M/P[TNRM]=\


]-^(6O7'Q.M/%


M$W[./PP\WOAOXKZ_P(?B1H\_[+VN?'R:UUOQQX(U'X3^&/#NEVOQ.M/CK-
M=Z99^&OB)XPN/\?A..+66GN/$+0Z%^CU%`'Y?\%)_V?OVJ?VF]/7X(:+^S
MY^SU^T7^SGXS\9_##5POQ%^







M#3?C=X__`&E[/P1\%?BQXF_97TG]EGX2^%_7B^^*7A'PCK.@_&CP]^T#XK

?#


M[]O']@CX5_LD_`;QGXP^
VOV'D^*?!_@K]HWP;KGB?XA^'?#?PA\6ZIX8T0C

'[2ND_MP_LN_M#^)](^
M!ME\
_A%_P`$\O'G[*'CR#0?BUX^USQT?B9\0?'OP!^(-YJOA'P]J'P&\-^'



]&\/?V-\7].T_Q)XEU



M5?ZB_AG3OHCQM^R#_P`%-,M-$^#GPQC_9$\8?`[P#_P4T_]LKP-\0?B=\7
M_CIX9^

/A!XQ\(:5\#_B/H$_BOP_XQ\8^(/#'A3XMK\3
MM4/BGPE9:#-XM\V/BDZSX@U']O**`/@G_@H%^SW\7/CYX)^`&I_!/P%J7C


M`/`/V3/A'XF^?[/_P`/O!?Q`UYO%WQ8O++4?'7QN\9/'IT`\8?'+XEZQ?\`
MC_XP^([2VTFSL-,T_1+_`.(?B/Q/NAZ=:0:9X9\)Q:%X8TF*+2M&LHD_*:
MR_95_;LL_#7_``4;^%NN_LO?L9?%#P7_`,%!_CY\2?B_92?$+]ISQQ?^?AS


M'DUL6-L-7?2(;F6]BTM]2$7VQM.BO)YKN.Q






M'_8[_:+LOCO_`

MM)Z-=Z7;^%O@KX)T+X&:IH7B72?`*W$3:AXO\3:K\
]2^)6J+J/B6^\)^$;_




MOQC\#=9_:/_`&A?&'Q?\&Z;XZTCX@?NWTSQ=\`-4TWX@V^A_&WX':KH7QI


_W%10!_/S^T-_P3Y_;C_;)\0?





M?+;^-I_%_P`:BWAGP?9^+-(T:P_HMHH`_%[PA^RS^V'^RG\7KSXH_LY_!?\`

M!\3=+U[X+ZIIG[2'B#P3\1H%^'_@OQ5J_B/P1HWQ2TWP[:#QKK7@7PK]1_#?
M]ECQIXJ_X)@^&/V(?CG=Z9\/O&6N_L21?LG?$36?A5XIOO&5GX:FOO@M)\'-



?A[4&N_W.HH

MQ\




/#MOX2TJ#Q;XE_P4)_8D_;2_:8^*?Q/NO!'A[]G

M



MR_@5XU\*^&O#$/[-GCG]MA?CSXM\*_%;39]2T/PA^U%\#OVIO@GH7B'X8
WA
M_P`S7_$7AJ/]HW3?%


MXP\#_$[XE^.=L&DO^SYX#TW5M&U*3QWY%HTWB33AI.G6[:HTM_JNJ7/AO2?U
M)HH`*_








X?$GA#3?#





_C;\-?AA^U3\+/AY^T7XZUS^WM)\#_&9=/G
M^&OQ.^/7A\^&?@YX%\7?$OQAXH\00^`?$L7Q*\0V%#6OBC\$-2_9^^*'Q;^`



MZMK6NZ-X



_%&D_$7]D;6?'
GP^_8ZN?B9I_CE_$

^%?PG^!GBS
MXC_#OX@:;J5A\3?`&B?%[PSK%Y\/8_B

M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110

:!K^G
MWFE:M97$5]IEN3(T7F1.`?'7[#GQ_P#CY\;/B_\`MN:1\;M-3P?IWPY^*'P9








]*L/B'K_A6RU*P^&?Q&UG0?`_@M\`OBG_P3





M/@YH'_!2?X]_\%%Y=
T2]\7?'3]F+X7?`'6O#

M%O;BXTC5K_Q7\
K#X)_#+2@-

]0_:
M(BT6XBLVU'2[A--UG6?A=?V6LZG8QZEK_P`(O#]QH.GZK#XJTZ\KZO\`V+O^


M5?Y:^
_[=G_!1+4/^#:;X@?M\?%GQE\1?@7^U9\./%WA'Q#\%?BEX6\

\#:D!





M!XU^(

=IX=^



M*[^

OB1^Q+IGC2\?6%\(?'+P%XHT2^^+G[+_
M`(3T;P]:6%W\7?B7XRM%T^^!%OK5AK7CR:3Q3X7^!WP^;5/%7C+4/\`A,ON
M_P#9!_8?^.7P'_;]_P"B?[:'Q'\??CQ)I'[?$G[.A?P%X)T7Q?INH_#&+]

?[
.(_X*?\`
M_!.+XN_MW?&G_@GW\3_A_P#$?X4_#O3_`-A+]IKP1^U+:6_C7PKXG\2:_P#$
M'Q/X
\5^&O$



M_GP_8_\`C3XY^+'QG^&WP\^+7Q_^/W[-?_!1;X??%SQ7XF_:=_9/^.7B+6;#




-S;0_%
MCXF7/Q0\6ZW\1=


MFB_$7Q;KFH6


;V]^+/PQ\




^'.MZU!:LW@_X3^%?BMXN\/Z


MT/5?#.K^)O#&OZ/KU[P_@[_@I1\*?$O[2OPT_9HUWP%\1?AWXE^.GB#XZ^&?






'@W5/'.FZ-\/?$WQC\?

MWQ!\'^/_`(*/X6U_]FOXY_$?7=/^(/A`?J+P=^WEX8^,'[&OAGXLIXB^*WC
M_1/%VC?%7XI?%SX'_L_V6A_$CPOX(\(?%'P5X^$G[.OA_56\
:5X$\*0RWW





M:3^-^BV'P\UKX6?LZ?$'Q[H?A[7]2\._$.]C^(UOXO\`$-C\
K/QQ\/8_BKX


_
MZ#XQO+'6M-U6X\.Z/<S@&G;?\%/



?C/\&?B?X4^%W[`7P]_8MUBUT'
MX4^-/AGXH\3:K\
/%5_XD\

M\)?`_P`

/@Y^W1\5OBE
MJGP+_;H\:?!;6_\`@D!^S+^V;J_[/.CZ9X?DUCX&ZDWQ6_:1D^+FH^-/!?Q+
M^



MGQL_9B_:
^*WQX\4^.?V5M.\



_&O@
M/5=%O9/BKX9\!:3#)J:_)_[3'_!-G]I#X[)_P5?T/2?B)\$?#_AK_@I#\-/A

_L/PUNO$FMI;6L=AXQN]?\&ZOXCUVWTP;PY#H
MWB;3=$TF37]8TK5;_5-(['XY?L(_M@?';QG^UYXF/QP^'PC_P&EOV2?V4_



OA+JOQ3C^&VA

MCW0/`WQH_9L/?BW]NK]DC]O;0_AEHG[




3!\6-%^

?#'XZ_K3/7[2





^FZCIGPQO_`(ER?#[1M:T_QK[O^T_^





MQ)XMT?\`0#]GOP9\??_AK5-3_:5^+7@[XI_%7Q/?6MYJB_KX?ZQ\+/@UX.





MX??$;XW_``D\7?'?P_:?#CQ9X+\'_$+]GC2_&VH?$C0/'WP]\+?$;5_VA?`@

_AGXV_:/

&J/X'\`^#?AE\/=!^&?PT^'6@^(?$-G


M^)_[1&O?'C7_`(V_#?X-?$:Q\'_M1?#_`

?M*_LY?#Z7P=^TA\0?`/QJT#X
MF^!_@;X(^.\DIM?!_BW3?V3M!\2?#OQYX)U)VU63Q3\7?AOH&O6NE_#_`$RV





M7X'_``K^
'P._9%^%/P4M_%_PU\:_&+X3_!CP=\
M

LZ-?ZCJVJ6%Q.%@_MZ*RUXC8K-)I_E!TAC`/!O@Y_P`%<_@Q\<?A


/!O@*31O&%_X_;19M3N=)TM?
M_PLWP.\
0Z1IFL?!C]J=?B8W[0L'[+'CSX(Z1\*=&\4_%GX0?''6OAJOQ9

NIQ^.[?0=)U_
M5])\2^&?_!





_C'\)/B/XH^!?Q9^)OQ3^-4K^%/%_P[\



M[2OP)L=8\4?MG?LS?M=_##QK\6?V:?$WQ


M6N_\$\_VM/%7PI'@'6_BY^SK#JEO_P`%.O!'_!0JQU+2O`?Q+CL(M(\'?M&:
%M6TN_
MUS]1_CI\<M-^!FC^#;VX\!_$7XEZ[\0?'5M\/?!_@SX9Z9X=NM<U/7'\+^*_
M'.IWNI:UXW\4^!OA_P#O#?A[P5X&\6^)=;\3^.O&OAC1(H-'31K]U#Q3K7
MAW0-8_++_@FO^U[X+\







M\^&EQ'\
YKW3;J.'QW;\7^S7^R!_P4*_9[^!
G[+^E?M9_!.'X8?`'X.^+/A








MD\8?L]_L*^//&GQ(_9HOCJOC;0_B5XNBM/`/Q.^'7P#^%?Q3L'\.ZYH/ANP^


M@O2M2^$ULNG:MX9TSX^ZQJ][:ZYJXL]5O_!VFV
&I6%OXFNKOPX`?=G@;_@H
M5\'OB'\//@9\3O#_`(.^*]OX:^/7QG^)OP0T2'Q+HO@[PAKO@7Q%\&5^*DGQ

\)^+OA?\(_
M&FA?$WXI_#_POX;_`.$8\-^*OVE8I]5\;VG]N^%/#
?VN_\`#7P8\.VT?BWQ
MJ-.\4SZO966D2^%-:`/J;X3_`+6_A3XR^
?A5X2\(?#[XARP?%+]E[P1^U8W





M]'^.?AR\D^(7QUL?#GPT\
_%^V\6Z#\//$/C'PQ!;W0![GX%_PA'PN\;_&


M#\1/$'Q&\.W*ZGXT\/3^&;#XN^!/AE=^
M)NY-6\+1ZK8VES-%Y[\'?VV?AQ








9K:ZO(0+$S?
M:B9;2QO;J

M^-KCPOKMK\3/B/XZ^&S^'X=(@\::1XD9?`M]?:!P&J?L


MLG[0^GZ)IGCK5++Q5KL%H`?T[Z'\5_A;XF\
6GC;PW\2O`'B#P9?ZI#H=CXM


+M.LO#FG:#.WC4

M:/Q/[67PQ^%EQ^W%^T1XC_:#_8I^(7[57@SX]?\`!/\`_9K^`OP57PK^SGJG


MG[+^]K\%_BI^QQ\1_AW\1?V(_`^CZYX?U/Q7^VA^S1X._P=W_!1'5K/7=2
MT[5/'?P^^`7PCU/XKW?QZTFYLK./Q!JGBBT\






M
O[:O[9O['WAGX

M_&47QRT#]F:R^(O[4]YX



NH_M1?L9_&3X

O
M@58ZEX4FT'2X[KPCX)2[\/VM]X=M[JQO[/1_O[]G?]B[X5:#^V_^SCI_B+]A
M&/P'\

M:Z7_`



+S7_@_'?Z$OB+




GQ;T(WWQ6DM_A'X(\.Z-
MKGA2WU/2_$5X`?M!XV_:6_9R^&EK?WWQ&^/_`
$_`%EI?@RU^(^IWGC;XJ^!



M/W$TC]I3]G/Q!8_#34]!^/WP4UO3?C1XD\1^#?@[J&D?%3P+J5C\6?%_@^;6


^
M*NY+K2[/4


NLV





*OB/I_Q%_9(^-<
M'PJM]1\(6WC36--^`O[5OP*_:!\<^M&NKSQ/;^!KOQY+X.^''B/2?#MB_C.
M#PYK7BP:?ID7BB*PODU90#ZU3]H_]GQM;^$OAA_CA\);3Q5\?/#Z^*_@?X2U
M#XA^%-

4

M4R&/\7?C[\

MQ
_PC\0:K^S7\/O@Y\//A)\:/B-\-?$?C+X:?`?5OV0/CKX(U'X[R:T?&]SX

M_8V^-OP*\%Z7X(\`^


MDTF6[2WLW2YF*0L'/\^OA7X.Z/XB^-W_``3%U/\`87_9]_:(^_Q2_9Z^(-A
MHG[6WQ&^*OP_:9^`GPW\._LEW_P=U*V^-7P=M[W]HKP=X-\%_%35/B5\5M!
M^$
?A*+X*6WCU]&U?P?)XD_MSPWX:2XU74:^A^$/C5\-?''PO^,?[&O[26L
MZC\)_P#@N1\?_P!J[QI\3O/A/0M6^#VI_`G]J3QG^UGXX^'/Q9\*^
=:\3^


L[J'5K![C-T7]H_\`9X\1


\(:5;Z[XLUWQCX=F\0)J_AC1O^B7=IK/B+5-;L[&Q





M-\2+[7(/!L4/]OHVA^:^LJG]L*VF;OMH
`Z/_A;?PI_X5E-\:_\`A9OP]_X4


MLE:OKT'A;2OVH_V==3\3W7A_QIXLMO#FG_&WX:7NO7/A7X;W%_:?$3Q+!I%M
MXFEU;P_XN]*U.U\::S';MIWA:XTZ_AURYL9+.X6/\`GW_95^%OQL^&GA;_
M`(-^/A[\1/V5/V@O#/C/]B/XH?&CX-?&[Q(_PHNO$V@Z!I!_8^^
G[.MK\1[


M]J3]F2+X


5?A?I7PWN/C'J?Q(\!:;\(;3PN?'%W\5+_
M`


/O
MAEXNU+0-&\*?$7QO\2_!?A/P)XGU?Q4DDGA?2O#WB[7M:L/#^M:EXDCBE?0+

M:TC3M4\

-)^(UUXJ\




2Y

M/Q

MZWJOBOPWINH6&H:_X=L+&XU?1[&^L[O4;.VM[F&1\?7_`-KW]E+PG\0?$OPH




MV
_B#JFC6OQ\&_%[]HQX=#7XX_!S1;Q/.C^'?'_P`3[[Q5X?T_Q)=:7XS^
M*(!^K
'[0/P%NC8K;?&WX17+:I\/KSXM:8L'Q)\&S'4?A5IQN1J'Q
L1'K3&
M[^'UB;.\%YXSM_

MBN1?CW\*F3PQ\*M=O[#2]$^)GB%QXK*Z+\/M9U/5=



M-]^
U^`/['WP'^-?@Z?_`()?V/Q`_8Y^+^A:?^SM^U7_`



MIEY\8_AY#J?PGT;0'
6N:I\2--?Q$+[P38:1

_B;X!\+Z5X?\

M%/A7\2/$-CH
%Y:Z'9ZYXX\Z#XGU:UT:VU^U2_M]*M[_5+B'3H+[4]1O(;





M

MQIFES6GE0--!']ONO2__P`:],LK']H;Q7\5/B9^SSI'P]^#_P`5-6\-1^*O
M_Q+MY;'X?\`A#1_`?P^UF_T[]H;5/$9TO1/AQ\5-+\2^(/$%SJWAQ=0ETNQ
M\!W_`


M_#OPYL+VW^(GB+Q5H%CH^@V4'P[UV]\?Z?SGQZ^!_P`6?B=JO_!0_5?@3X!\



M=_AIK'Q6^%OAVV^)/@:=/%GAFRUCP/H_AZVTB5?$0FU/7_B4/&SZQ\*M$TJV

M_B7^U'J7QC_9*\0?%OP/\3?VT?%EY^T9\+/V=_`WAS]IS77^)G[17CGX8:G\







^&Y

M\4:1\4O%^N_#[X9:IX=^*/@?6].^(OCWPO::_J'B;P1X$OM
UVYMO%WB_P`.


M9-(U7PCX2DGTV^\-6.L:#I=FVFZ5-=VEZEQI]E]??L5?L]^)/AK^UY^TQ\-]

`?ACJGC/POI_BG4M/T5K&!IM'U#6+34H;SQ1

[-6M;G3





'@[]
_%6?P1\2;;PYX<U(`_7_P,/QMN?`?C
M3X0_/P7X?L/&7Q=^-6J^()?#OA[4]<?P_I'ASX;?#Z+1KSXM?%WQ1?V^F:U

5OA;X`^*'B


?$?XJZC\:



_QR^#_Q
\#WSP01SBY^'F;^XDNG

_'OC_P#9)_:!\(ZE\
/$#_L]?L%_#K1OA!HFD?!C
M]G/X+^



M\(7)`M_%6H66DZO=W-GX;NRB'7+F*/3)2P$=TQ(K\0?@Q\)OBAXITO_`()/
M_#GQC^S5\4OA!\0_^;-IXA;]JCXGGP/*G@76?!G@[]D_P*7P\2?#CX
Z_




7Q6/



M^H7EO:
XGFM;&?5-

MW?V9/A=\-O'_`
0+R3P9\=_V;OA-^T?K'[-(^$\_P^^)'PE\*67CO]H#X=_$

M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?%OB)OV6/V6/C1\0OC

M&-*_:&N/&%I9?!?6/!/ASXDVWC_4K#6-
TBT\`^*M/TW5]*\8:[#J&G6VI^&

M)[98KCX2Z#\)?@AX`D(AB




M%HFK6VA6_P`

CUW3]4TWQ#INIQW
4:


M`
$V?BW\:_`?[//_``;UZ!8?M!_$7Q7H?[6LWQ/;]H#PIXT?P!XK/BT_P&
M$/CW\;-`TQ=?N_!/_P-LM'^)/P^T?Q9I9M/%D%[J
]QJMOKMYKFG7
-K:]
MW^SC\4/B9\+?`?AN3X=^.=3\*6'Q*_X.

MW_:IU75-#U&X\0^&]8UK1VCU#PMI=Q:ZEX1U;PWJ87[5:W5Y=V5PUL`#^A'X

MWWQ.^'


/C/X^











O$OPBM/!OA:QT;4VCO




M%5068@`FGU_
C_P5N_C1X:^?\`P5!^`6M?M.?'7QAX7\%_LG?\$Y_C5I_B




M\2?V:?&GP*_9[^






^%K``_:*N'\!?$



M6_&0N?.FP^!K_7?`GA?XE^$8[O0]*T&[?VK]N[]HS^&7QV_8Z^#GQ4^)%S

MQ)\!^#_#UIKY_9XLO^$0N;G3_`-AI7@[XKP^/;7Q?XQLO'?A6(1W/S/X;_;0




MU^




_A?QKXS_:5\7_`!I^&7CF*Z%A
MK/\`PK7X=_OPLDU_P##CXH7'Q3M/$6C:7F_%GX^_M%:1\5/^GOC[0_VN?B
MJGAC]E3]M_\`X)R^%/A!\.K5/@N/AE9?#7]H#P7^Q/XC\?Z-KC6WPM3Q;K_A
M?Q#!\:/'^G6DEWXU\I+!K35H;F3Q/97/B.Y`/Z-8K^QGN[JPAO+2:^L8[:6^
MLHKB&2[LXKT3&SDNK9'
UO'=BWG-L\R(LX@F
1?RWVVJ_G!TK2_'WASX^_\`

MZA=:IJGPUD^

W
M@.X\)01/XPTY-4\3Z3H_2ZQ^UG^UO\`LZ-HNL^&?C%\0?VL-?\`&7_!/\`
M:_;CTKP5\1-%^&%XGBK]I+X$2_LX+X#O_!FF??X?\`P[G73?$=A\7?%Y\3


%C\*F^--QI





'[+G[8G@?\`:*@^(O@[X=W?
MQ*_:7\5^$[VS^/WCSQC'XOLHO!OQ(L/@+I__``JOXA:U\-O$_G?#;5XOC)J&








MQ8Z1X;_LWPM)J^E:[V$O[4'[27CWX&_L+_M4^+OBCJ7C3P3?_P#!//\`8A^/


]C\:M#\4ZE'\/OBM\+M
M;\#^.=:^'7B[P5\8/!4_@_Q'I?B70[/2=3FETJ]M;S6O!OCWPIJ6E:[I.I:#







=MXRC^*5C\&S
M\=);J[\&ZYI_@:X\$#Q=IW@IDTCQMJ%M:Z)XBUV#6=4M/[0TKP[-JIT:WD3^


4-S7YG6_P`8;3X0_L#?\$:_#R_$V_\`AG\!OVE[_P#9J^'/
MQ^_:$T/Q0NB:K8^'OB+^R5\1_BOH%[_PL[38]_@S4OVD?VBM!^'/PZUKXMZ?


M?)\4?#WA7XT?&;Q+8^.[_P+8\?^-/@\
_\$L?V
I]%U1OB-?:SJ_B.2Z^#

'



MO@;7OB%\*9?$[:#X9^*/Q5^#NN6WC'PCKW@;Q%IGCSX
^.];^'/CS2=0\
^)


M%']H#X$?'SXO+\3+;_@OE^U1\'=$_9BL=4^'LWP?^




M][H_@:SO_P!K[P]\*_AA_P`(U8ZC\



M0O$'C?X)^`VT3X:ZEXFOO$?PLL_^%G^*M7\-:-\

`^^=1T^SU









M6DWX

/[0
/P
_X)2?LK_#+]HSX:_LD^$/CA^RC\;_`!Q8_%CXCW7B




MN_'WX!^)?BYH/PR^.O_`+/GQDUTT7X;?$\_!RQU+PQ^RO^T/\`LTZC='P;




/QE^!7CU_`6

*:I;V45\//KZ

M\7:SH^OZA?:3XCLO''@+58M`U6VMKSP=X)U'2.-\
?LH_[]G7P3\1[;]B7X
M+?L[?`#XC^.+*ULM:L?AC::3X




M`.U5^U9XT\)_`+Q[J'[1O[)_Q-\(O\



[/1?LL/@+QGXLN/'GA[P

MP3]\+06\/A?]C?\`9U\


/!WPW\8^.OB1^T]^SO\%+FV^)_C/7/!.A:9X<^*GQ
T3PQKFHV
B^(=GJ/C&-I&7QOK&J^-7UWQ!K7CI
MA++%+XVU;5[WQ7-;2RVLVKO;2/$;5O\`L0?LAV.H:'JVE?LY_70=3\
?]
M_9]\
W_AOP?I?AJZ\.?`K4='U#0K[X/:!-H
6G/HWPUNM/U.Z







M;XA6?BOPC=Z99^'/'/C?X5:/KVLZOX4U#XHSZ;X6A\=^)P#['A_9'_92MKOQ





MH)&/V8/AC\









?&_P#P



OV=OV?OB




M0!Y1X`^GP]^'7P-\%?LZ:3HL.I_GP+\)_#?P4TSP[K\%CJ%OJ'P]\




\'^)++QCX2T[XK_#OPA\1+'PMXNTU7
M73O%7ART\7Z/K%OHGB2P621;+7-

M??$K]E;]F_XA^.OB7X/MOA[\1_&GCGX'?#'Q;XM\?^`;*ZT2^L_`_C;Q'K_A



M_$.B:#K%O;)?Z#H\]EZI\.OAM\/OA#X




_V/




M#7QE\&?#?[









M6Y]^HH`\[U3X0_;6_AM:_!K6OA?\.]7^$%AHWA[PY8_K5/!7AK4/AM9^'O

M'4?!.JB33M/D&H^&KG3+P/863^=NM8#'7\5_LY_L]^//B5X0^
_CCX$?!KQG






MZIX!\.Z?:^&KG7_%.GV&@MHGU%10!\@_$G]C+X3^./!MS\)?#7ASP-\)O@KX


[9KY[;Q=H_@;4?#5SX8TSQ/;

SC]ES]G4/\`M'-._PT,P^
M7PT#?'A[J[O+^Y?XS

N_A3I%KX4U2RUOPM;:

M46?AVP\(6?['O[+5KX2TO5FU[3/]M^S[\)H/#NG:X^BV?AM]9L-$B\(KIEG
MJS^'=.T_0&U&WMH[QM%L;/2C,;&U@@3O=_9O_9W\+?%/7/CGX9^`GP7\.?&

'

M%7Q=^S5\`/%*H-

M6WTRU\JR@B@7W^B@#PW4?V8?V:M8TCXJ^']6_9Y^!NJ:#\=IQ=?&_1-1^$W@

M_P!EO]F7QM\)M!^`?C/]G3X$^+O@5X5;1F\+_!;Q/\(OA_K_`

MS:#\.=5\/7?@_1VT(RRG1CI^C6YTLRR&Q

M`!

M#+?2#JNJ'3(?#E_IL=@=2OS:K$;RX\ST#QAX%\$?$+2[?1/'W@WPKXXT6TU7



MM


M+;UB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`/R^^-'[%GB7QM^TYX(_:E^+?QQ^&\7PO_9M^+TW[0_PQO+7X%#0_P!H











M\4/A(ZWVL:CX9LK9;QO%QM=-M9[L#3+V1X'M_M6B@#\9_CW_`

O#/Q<M_A#\5?`_Q-^#/QE\%?$^V^'EGXY\
Z?\0?@YXZT#QQ9C6_ACK/B?


M9?L@_M`^'?$7[3_C+P5^U'X/\+^*/VB?VDOAQ^TA!M_9\U74O^@7_@?X)_
M3]G;6_AOXP\.W/QYCN?B-\/?'WPJ^/@:TUZTAUSP3KFF^++CQ1XJ\/:WI;W
MOAG3?'Z)44`?&W[*O['WAS]G?\`9_\`%GP+\1WWA3QWI_Q+\:_&/Q]\1M*\


MU.VO?$?BTU?PUXM-1\*^#;CP_\+-(L]
UG3?$:?M!_\$R]?_:@U;]K/4?B



MGPK\`?&K]JFX^


M7[OT4`?DG!_P3
^*/B[]G[XM?`/]HC]OWX__`+0UCXJ^$6L?!3X2^)/$W@WX



MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B

?A%8:Y(OQ&\!Z-X




O`OPIT;Q7XL\-:WX=\-77Q



TK4=:F\61:/9W%]'B:K_P5Z_8%T3PCI/C[4OBE\2K?P5K/

MX\:Z3I7B#P=XIU'P=XT\&6?BSPWKVCZ=X@T#Q1X:MO''A[PWJ&N^%=?T75M/


M;B/P3!:Z1X^NVM_%PF\.7QM=8M[BSBZ?X?\`_!23]C[XI?M#?%+]E#P)X_\`


MX.TO5=8N]2\0_!WQIXK^'7Q\/Z'I,5DNJ:WJ^B^._!'B?PM#:Z;:7']KZKI
MA71GO[>ZL[BX`/5J*^2?V3OVZ/V6/VX-*^(>J_LR?%*/XA'X1^-+WX



'[(N
MM^(M^-6N?$RSF\#?NT^.?Q
U/P%\`OCK\7?#OPH^#FH:UXG\.Z;\1?B;XD
M^%7P[\8Z)X




/B!\(




M




M/\#Z_??##1;;P=JW
MA/2+CP_XH^(=O:/X:\.^


MWHG@SQ2?%.AKKMO+\/\`Q9?VT6C^-X='B;^S?$\N@W-TOAW7%;2-3\B\`C(!

M()?##VFGOX

M\&/`GQ0^(/C/5;B32/@Y\/;SXJ?$#2?#.G7GBSQCHW@.SM?$-V?$*^#/#\5_
'-<@T\7$^EWL<`!ZM17%?#7Q_X=^*_PZ\`_%+P





:5I^G:CXG\5

UW2
MM
UBP^T?9=3T^RO8I[:+Q/QY^V/\(?AQK7[3_A_Q+:?$)=3_`&1O@O\`#W]H

MA)&]WMA(!]645B^&]?T_Q7X=T#Q1I#2OI7B31=+U_3'GB
$[:?K%C!J-DTT+



M=)I







U3P;\`_ASHN



`_$S]K

M3GGOX[5F






M?PKET^?X8:C^SCJ=_P##B;28[B'2YO`5Y\
I[CP?+IL5XD=W%I\GAZ33GLX[
MJ..X2W
)_AM'I%I8^SX+L;2WT^T\(1^'M/CM=-@\+P:;:
MV^EKH$%O'I)TJ,:6UHVGLULP!_++_P`$HO&&F?\$WOV.?&_[3FI^&-9_8G\

M@7Q[XJ^+G[$_PVU#PG_P4BC^%_BBR\$6OQ





^''@^Y^'WC+2[ZRU&/Q7

TS2/%%QK&E:=964'=^(?V+_V



.F^%/%FA3^&?&&A1_`GX






)MX&T'PA\%







MW\




M.G2?;-+L[73[CS+2WAA0`_G@_PZ'ACXM_&+_@H#_P0I^'O[+^I#5/C7X&_




[SQ#X=_HH^$O[.W[/WP#CUJ+X%?`OX.?!:+Q&VGO
MXAC^$OPQ\%?#F/7GTBRBTS2GUI/!VB:
NJ-IFFP0:?I[7PG-E90Q6EL8H(TC


MQ-TO2_A)\0_VGOB'^TK\78?A-K6L/;ZWH7C'XP?M`?'?X]:[\+--@\067A_7


MH^(]G\8/%/[





MV2OV;_V8_%WP&^
'_`!Y\
OAC^TE%





VFLJ*IMB%``!^#G@_P#:2^.7P.\2_L3_`!0^
M

MW['OQ/\`%GQN^//[0_[+?A_]LSQ%X8MOC)_P3Z_9X^)WP5NY?VU7_:6_:%\%

:-IA%




M:M?R7&1X@_9Y\
'/V/_`(Z;^R7\<M/^)/C_P`5Z'\-M:_:\^%WB35=



M9_MO?M'_`!%T+PE_P2A^(?[;6E^-_&=Y\)O$/C;X#_M#^$9OBU)X$A\+:AH7


MP;U3]FG]FR'P!\1I-&UWXO?_P`/?!7P%9_'Q_XSTZS\.1OKFO^`KG0)-%\
M226ESX5\/+HU[XGL=4U6SL_#GAR
W9DT:Q:#9UK]ES]E_6M:^$?BWQ%^SK\!






$-6F\.^)_?A@_L_^
/B)X

M%MO;R7/@C7/B_P#%_P`!_#OX5V/BZPNM/UZUC\476A^$=0TOQIXA\.:UI7[^



:Y\+OC__
M`


'A*WUSX27/A_0;'Q#:^(M
T3]E_&W[%'[.7B#P#J_A'P1\*/AC
M\%O$T7@;QUX/^&7Q6^%GPH^%^@_$3X&:CXYTO6K.7QM\(=3G\(7MEX4\5:)J
MVN7/BK2YX;2PE\0H+S4[&_2:ZBG^%O@S_P29/@34?A_J/C3Q!^QE!?_``7\
M$^-_#'PC\1_LU_\`!.WP)^S[XU?5O&GP8\6?`B77?C-K_C+XR?M6'Q/TNU\

M_P`1_A#\2?V7K3QQX4U_]E3XI_M-_%;QI^S]\5;3Q/JGV3X\W/QG^(GQG^-7





_#%W%

0\IK7[(_[&Z:3J[^(OV8_V9ET.X?PUJ6O




M;V\-Z^L/JOB:^@E2T_X2`S)9RP?NKJ?[)G[*'B63Q/?ZS^S/^SSK\OC[74\8



M*:=XSU'_`(13[9XHL?#Z3I2^'K37)KZWT5=,T\:;';RMA$`?B=^T/\?_VD


%KP\-^$M!T3PM)=/I-K::!X=TNPL
M8X=+TR#KO`W@?P!\.=!7PA\-?!_@_P'X8TV]O9T\+^!O#^B^%]!L-1U6<ZO
MJ





M







M`/SO_P6NH_#FW^*7_!5CPE\/\`XUCXVV.C?\%%+6[LO$.I_$E/BAXI@T27

M;P[\0M&_8


^OB#\01XB7Q[X[\)?[P1X



MX+\+?#JQ\86GAG3M-?6O!M_IGBG2TT;Q-XFB\::ALWWPJ^+VE?MC_P#!.OX$



M%\/_``9J5W\*/`=S?^$?`4%KJEC#X(\




/[


M]D?6OB9X-_;W_;M_9K\6_';XI?&SP5X&^O[$?QN\'W'Q@U#P=J7B;1/&/QO
MU3]J_P`+?%,Z(_@SP=X'T?1_6L+\$O`6JVW@[1-`T_PIX6UJZUE_#.EZ+8:
MU_9L7Q)^UK\31^RQ\?\`_@KO^T/\*O&?BR?]I/P]^Q+^REKW@+P?J7Q4^('C


M/^VKOP1'XNEL&\0)X0NM9_XFUQX:74!HT^I_Z?+9-=?O:`/SL_9^UOQAX`_;
M6TGX

MZ=XM\




MA=XX_P:'PN_:%_9QN_B9\6?B?X#\/6GQC\07GCKPMXNT+X?^)_AM\6O@U\

M_P$S\!^#/%W_$ZW9^)?!G_``D_A?0]?_X1+Q'IT
EOI_B#PQ_:MC=_V#K=







MU@73WBL&46S)$?




M70=`M_%OA/0?&




M\:^(X)M;N_`]Q\.K3PE_
M1Y\,O%%SXX^&WP^\:7@L1=^+_`_A/Q1=#2_,&FYU_0;#5IQIPEN+N46(ENV

GV?R]]Q
V9&X;7OV8_P!FSQ5XF\;^-?$_[/7P.\1^
OB9I%IX?^)'



MGZ+\3/`%Q-JWPYU;Q3X?\3:




M^!(OVIO#_P`7OV;?B'\'_BO^SNW[+CZ!\._$GB;P_P/%^)=I^V5XA\4^/@






M'OB7QQX&^@_$7_!._P,7C77/V4O'/Q_;/\1?$SXG?L\_M%^&?VC/&'C/QM

M+XC?'?\`:
\5^*_#GPK\$^*_'-U\
_!W]F_#OP1K'Q%^(WC+QMX[T_P5\2-9





OB7\4
M]*^'P`^ES\6-?NO#MW\6_BI=^-/B1)X(A^+'CG2M:U_P`-?!CX9Z%I7C[Q


M_99O_C-X+\
?&/7+KPS\6OA^GBO3?'WB?Q5H2?`R#X3Z7\`?/Q!\(ZI\(M9
M^)UM^T+J/B^P^(EO=C4OA-I_@:U'CB?D/V@OA/K=DUM\&;;1_BG\:/VJ/C;^
MU_\`\$T_VG?B5\7/#_[._CWPI\#K[X??L[?MO?`;QMXFTP^*-KIWB3X1?#'



N_C]J6MZ#HM_:_$+1OA=
MXB*:*OBG[)_[8GCSXG^!_P#@D)\4OVN/@]X#M?C!^U-^SAXO^(NC?&3P!\:]
M=E\#^#]*U#]F'P9\:/%7C#Q5X&U/X??#?1]




77G7['/\`P4Z^
/[2


MW_@G5J'P+@^#?@#1?VA_%.O?L^?LJZQXY\2?LD_G7?`WARX\0??5_%7@#Q
MI\



^(M
M\-:IXAT&TT/QOXHE_:
_;Y\5_`3]H#PU\




^%]5M=8O?`4

M;T`K7_\`P4`_:$^(HUP?LN_LA-XZ\2_#]GKX_'_P#:^7QI^)%_\`!'X^
M:!J_[0G@_6_'GAG]F[P5X-/P^\9:(?C[X5\)^'K^\\;V'Q
\2?#SPMIWB35/


+?
M&-G!\<OA[J_@_P

.C^
?$EI9^
;2^?0]5T')^*?_!+/P9XY3]M_2O!7Q[^
M


M&@V/[



UFZ
\$GAB.;Q/:64'A]=/\/:9;C\
MT_CO^QE\3?!W[47P;TW6O^&L=5\#?LR_LF?LP?`']F_XG_#O]C#]D;]L31OB






MJ7A35+VM)-:TR[T#4/$N@(SZS;?/G@G_@D\WPR\+_LMZ?\`W]MC]J;X3^-

ZK\0K30OAKJ_A_6O#6G+XF^
W@_



+=M

M?ACX=N?A1XFUO]DO38[_`
3?$JTT?XM_$#2?VKOB_P&?A$_BWX2?WPWH?C

MXC_\$;O!?Q(E\96=U^V-^UYX:\


MPC-K.I-JE]X/O5M;2SB\Y\/_`/!)+X
Z.-7T34OB]\;?$_PO^(O[+OA+]D?]



M)^'CW]I_P#;`^.E_P


M?6O?OP7KG[)O[%


M=(UA/'MO\6OB%X(^`?[)7BOP?^T!J;ZMX'\(?\(UX^?P-XB^'_AB33;2QU:;


M7NA^(M2UV./7;;PAXK\!VOB'4876Z_X)A:7K7@O_`(*`?#CQ!^U!\=HO!?\`
MP4#^+X^


?%@9K+3_6?!W[:WQ]^%OC_]D'P!
M^U=X(^_A3X9?'[]F_QY\1-1_:/\/?$OQKJ6F67Q9^$?P_TSX@Z_\)+WPYK7
MPN\/:?:ZSXI^&(\5?&?1?$M[XHL8KOP]\-/BMH-KX6EG\+66NZUWMY_P3=\/




M-/B'\*O$WA3PSXO\










M``4F^



MC#]FW3_AG=^


M$N/#/Q%US]M2?XH?M!_%[Q[X6_;C_9'^'W[(GQ1T+4-+^'&E:WI_AWX6^'?'


M/P4^


M)\0^)-?T74_A

?C

\=


MI_#?Q?\`!CQ1XJ^




MKKNAC2]3O/9-)_:-\+?L6^/O^EU[X8^'UOK/BGXR_\`!7/X2_OX:^!O#/A
M[Q.UEKGQ2^*W_!
#]@/XD^
?$NJ:%\*_!'CWQYJ[0:1HOQ+^*OBY?!G@#Q7X

MM`^`OVE[KXR^(?$/P1\1_%;XK_$OX7::VB?#M/B;J7B#X#ZGX37PGX2T)Y=+
MT[PI\-O!_P`.=)G:[U37-3BO_%.MZWKVHV?B/_P3'^$7Q9T?]J'2O'?Q=_:$

M_B'PGJGA7P+\(OAMH%HWCR_^)7V^V\-3-K1U.3Q7XX?Q.`?+OC7_`(*;?M@^

\&?L

MQ`\._`7Q)XH\6V_@'Q=#I.@7WB*[\(:_9WT7@7Q'J.A:+!J]SI^F:GJFDZ;#

GPQXA?]G?5=?_`&L/VO\`Q!XX_9Z_:!M/VEXOB3XD\3?`GQ-X

M7_$+Q%\-H/`[^-+GX=^.=#U#PQXX\.:)=_$+P;X]\-Z//XE\-ZKJ&C2:XWAB

M$_Q;\3^`=



M%O&?[57[4MI8^


V0\
3^DZ!_P`$\+;0

T=P?







MP^_;&\(V_^^B_:4C\!^#=+^&C^-=9UN]^'9U3X:_$CXB_O3G^&'Q6\6?
M=O!\1^$9-.G\.:?X,\8^&?_B[1_M;XX_N[^,_PYOO`6G?$_XD?!O4YO$O
MP[\6Z5\1OA-=^%+3QOH.K?#7XB^%/B5I4%FOCGPEXZ\(ZCH7B#4/5MX:\:Z
M!X@\*:QIOB3P3K'B'P_/%;_VF+RV`/SPN/\`@H/\5)?A;\)?'&C^$/V8-5TW





H]


M0?AE\



M/Q



ML?#_`
3^







MOV;IOVD?'?\`P37_`&E?B7\-/VC--^*/COQ2NEZYX/\`BI^R#HGC#X:ZQX3O


?B

?&+Q%\-_%'CJ




MMU\-?B;X*L?A%I0T;P=XD^&GAGXG^)OB+IFC^$OB;J'Q9\-^(-7O['Q%\'W?





=Y[&/^


M0^V_%G[`'AI/BO\`#+XO_`?XR_$[]F37_AI^SA9?LAV6C?#;1_A3XE\+3_L_






L&\0_#C







M/O

G[.7@[]EKX6CX8^#-0U+68K_P`:_$3X

VNI^)_$.HW%IH/A/

M_P`8Z!\-/A'\.-

$]MILVLKJ%U#):VLRUS


M#OP4^*UG/J


M?&_BSP]8:+\



M+/[2WPI^#G[5_PSU;_#XP_M
WOQA_X(

M@=H?[=?PW\90^-/^%@_$OP/XN@U'QC?_`+3?PR\56.LOHM[IU[I=[XPU?6]5
MTB+PMK


M'XJU9+2W^$_AC25\%7WBC]8/VYOA1XO^)G[$W[27PD^#?A*SUWQQXG^#7C/0
M_A_X'LK_`$+PK;:]XA?2YY](\-66IZS=:3X:T.;6KR)-.M+[6;_2]$M+JZCG

M@:P\)Z'XAM[3Q)I+RH_B/4OT-\2_M)?`/P;\2M&^#WBSXN^`O#OQ
\07?AW3

M0:-A7XL_&'X3_M4_%/QW_P`%:_B%!_P3\^

SX0?LW_!?3O$7Q

MX1_%&TT[Q/KS:3\&M*^(V?\`M$?![]M3XI^+_BOXZL/V&_B3'J]]^V!_P33_





;K
0#T/P_^U)\*K3P;\:_BAXM^/7P-\3?#/X;
M_&75?AK!XG^&&H7&KV_A;5+*W\':(OPD\82:=K_B\^)OCG:_$#7+OPU/X:\'



MF^'4-G;WIO?&-G?7.@:?=:9K&GW]_;:AH^J6MI\-?M1_!7Q'^TGXQ_X*H?LZ



M_!O[=G[0O[07[)_@C]G_`
#?$S_@FS\//V9O!T_B7]IWP+JGB*7]I.?X[?$1


M/HFD:IX73PWXJ\7?&6E?\$Q?CP/$OPZUCQ]^P_\`LO?M*Z'\:_V1?V6O@=\2


MN]/\#6

MIWQ)\??$CX&?'+P-X'U'4-7\-^#?$$FFZ'XF\4_#+1_#=UK]Z?B#X0L_A[X)
MAUZY^(?QDLM4C\9?OP?XI^'MYH'B[7OS]_:_9:_;$\97O_``68M/#O[/FM

W[21^*G_``4PN]5_9-^'

M[PSH7PB\8_$;P?\`%JR^-.A^&?#/B^X^&]WX6U7Q%J5IK$NA@'ZO_`_X_P#P

MP!\5/O@OQWX7U[3]/UW2+F\TK7_``YIUY;I?0K+LF]$\RT;]NC]D_7-?\`
M$OANV^
V@Z=J/A?P9XV^)$\_B;2O%/@[0O$?PY^&VKC0/B!\0OAQXI\6Z#HG
MACXL^!/!6LR6NF^)_&'POU?Q?X=T2ZU'28]0U*#^V-+-YPG_``3\^'7QZ^&_


M8Z]\
]5U&#1?^$Q\-W-]8V5IXETG1-?N['PWXR;0;C4;CP'XGU#3?#/C:#P_
(/A+XJ^#L'P$_X
M)'_M4?L%?''XMZ%\0O@WJ\WPI^+/QN^$G[/?P:\,^._&G:'\2AKWBRQTB^_

_P[_;H?]JS]B_QQ\;/V


M&CP'^UA\+/VT/B)^T5\$O@;X3_:A^'7QZ_9
^&_P)UWP5X@^*7A_X::W\*?B






M1^&(O`FI`'ZG:/\`MF_`/7OCC'^S[I6M^





^(








M



MOP+XP\(^







/B[2@#]1V_:S^!WQ!^)'B7
M]FCP%\87\+_'^LOB)HG@[5-4^'7C*'PQK?B?X=E=*^)%O\`/QMXQ\
Z1\(




M#[PA\/?'_PSQ\&?A1^S^EOX,^)1^)VF^+]&^#/PP\&_#R+XAS:B/!WA'PY
M)XSU;0-9U;3?$7_``D


M_P`)X_%ZOQ&TSX?W?@670_&FD?$J]O[CQI-XJL_O@/6=#\/^!?'&HZ/XY^

^A:'HZ?M._P#!4#Q7X[^%&M?M66/P

M8K;]DKXW_!;XO?%^Y^$.E^#$\
?$#QM\0OA_\6-*OI_A_P#$S1_$WA+56^)?

M?Q1\8I\-F\'?#/0O'5SXU\

ME[_@H1\=?%O[-7P*\%_&CPWXZ\.^`-%\/?M7_L2^$OBIJWBK1M/U31+KX*_&
MC]KGX

MS'^WA\3_`(













MAPWP$\+_`!-TGXR^)M

M%WPG/@FTT;1O'.L^(-$N_GC]LS_@IWX4^&7[(WQ(^*_P?T+XY6?CW2/C9\&_

M\/8]8TW5_'Q/\8/H_P[T/\`X2K7Y-9\,V_(:S^SC^V%X@^-_PWU\2?&_[.
M7[


M'Q2^#GQ@^'/QDTP?%_Q`_A;X
SZ/\&_%?@?3?B9XSB^
7B)1X=^&
?@CPOXC

MK\9?B/\`!B\B\!:U!XRUWX+:CXRA6\^)_A5?!WA^2;P7\7]
OO#-MXDAEU?7
MO\%W\1]!LKGPH]KJ4?W;^QC\./VKO#WQ]_;8^+G[1OPI^GPNT']H3QO\&O






/A



MI=$GTU/RWT7X3?M/_LQ3?\$\OV1()/@KX7_:2_9Z_P97CWX8?M-6G@O]M3



MZ]XX^&]A\/H_B=IUS\



^
?BUM
M`@^'NDZQX?\`&WA'2K?QIIFBSQ3$Z3^G&O?\%`OV7M*^%OPH^

\





I8];RC]M+X4:K\./\`@B_^
MVU\'S:_#33M2T'_@G;^UQX7L=#^%WA#0OA!\(/#7'P#^)2:/X.^'WA)+J'1




LK?1=*U;

M@C^T#X`\1?CQO\`$*?PW:_#9?CKX?\`&_PK\/ZS\`O'Q0O/%_AJR^%GQ*^



MA_3-.7Q?=36VLZ';:E-I1MM2&GKX3_X)F_$;PK^VO\1_BXW[+?\`P3T\=^%/




MMH^%]`^$UMKWP=^'EMJ'A[_@LC^TE^WIXFMK3XVV-[#IOP1^/'B3]HGQ-I]C






M+^&R?&_]K_XL?M/^`9M%^)/ASX@Q?\(Q\8FTA8O!OB4:1;:?-H_CCP@/#$+Z




M-ZI\



WYG?M2_L5?




-(\6?&OXL:[\!O!/@[7?@C






\





M%XOT;P-\3+'7?!GB_P`)1:;XBU_PII/C;24T6[\5Z)HUOXNT:^\-:YI6I6?B
MGPI)K/A:^6Z

^#'B3PE\2OVWOA/^V!H&J?MQ_P#!



M!?Q_XB\
?$G5;WPK_P`)/\2?`WB#6]?\5V]AX*^(VNZ]X?TG2O%U]8^%K'2?
M[$\$2^%.!^/O[97COPS^UEX3\;^!/VE+;0?ASX=_X*A?#O\`9(^)4'Q:^+]I





=)\1?!/XP^//@AXTM=6LO#7B

M.F23VR7^GP2_RP?L]_'7P5IO['W[)/P=_P%Y?\`MKGXK_M0?\`!9/Q:FKW

M;Q9X




;5-&GUJVL[J=8_-U#57LH[J6*.Z4R3)7Y*_

M%;_@GSK_`
5H=?BTB\73_#^N:5XFTOQM)XDT*6*QE\/7.AZ_:W=G9#1;Z*U\
M^_91\5W?P._X(V?\$D/V[?#OB;XU:]X2_9.^%'P8D_:!^$?P@^(7CJYT+XE?
M!'QCX;UCX5^-5U?X1:#XTT/P1XR\6_!KQ1XZ\-_&:'^W--O-9;2OAQK7ASR+






MN-7^`%I\!_\`A*?@K\==)^'W@OXHZU'XJ^


M^%

M$\%:+9G1KSP^X!_7M7S;^U]^TCIW['_[-/QE








=
M#\8:YXK_`&@8M8^&'@SQ!\3-<_9ZTWPY\</?P:_:4^









MTN[^`WQ[\




?M











MM_`[XQ?L3_$F#]L#XG^!/`_B'QM;ZY\6KW]K+QS:?M`P_%73=;\6_%SX5^'K
MOX#ZA\

_VB

M``CMDT34/#WB7QI\-M(TE?C5X


^(O&=UH6@V\\B2Z





O%OQ




_BM_P3@_8ZM/AWXV\0_M:?MZQ^TCXOO]%^.__!0


MO!WYE_\`!


%`/9_@/\`MJ^$
MOCC\7/&/P1O?@U^T7\#?'_AWPA#\2OUA\?OAG;^!K;XL_J37(_#
_Q%^'E
MSIGB/Q.T&G:7X@NM
TKQ!X-^(D/P_P#BOX;FUK19O$'P\TVSU.UNGY3P)^W]
MX`^+%LLOP]^&OQANK/X@^`?'/Q`_96\5ZEHGPYA\+?MB:!X%TY+_`%/4O@#+



M*DU_1_%\7Q'\%^

.K^-;S4`#^M^BOY




MG\(?$0O-&^W[=]V(=2U3XCZGX=UD0_%O28;_5I_!GPQ_P$0C\!:)\L?\%-


M#)K_`
(?B#I7BWP)J]K/KO@74-2N-*EUV#1]6?3?&G@'5=7TA;F2PUGSJ`/M






M^-+:KHOVNX\7:QJUGXYO-?AO+CPSJ4^E?(WP
\1?!KP!^Q!_P3O^&6O_`!ON

M;PROQ1

MX4_#;XH)X8O9=2\-)\1/`WACQJOA[49Q`)[_`$-?$NEZF-)O9A:VPENK`6\\
'_B'X8NM+

MJ$CCCC0!$C1`%1%`55`50``*?7\CGP*^-WQR\!?#W_@F9K_[/?[2OQ7^
_[3
MG[8__!#C]J;XN:_X



M[=?#OXGVEC\+]

M#FD^+O!OB:TL-2L]7M;'Q#X9UZTOM&UO3TU+3[*[?3]3LKJRGDMXQ/!*@*&A



M$'@B+6EUG6-?TOPQH5YH?A#Q#H.FM!I7Q33P;X8T2[M_%6KZ3I6H`'])_BGP
M3X




MXNE^!?'=]86]K\)X/VDM





M'&`?U0_&'Q[XC^&?P_U3QEX3^%/CGXV:]8:KX1TZT^&_PXN/-KXOUF#Q+XQ
MT#PQJ6IV%QXZ\2^$/T5CX0TO6;SQGX@?4_$5@__``CGA_5AIRWNJ&RT^[\X

M\--XMO-/\6^+_!MK)X4\



=%_MG0=5LK;QE
MX5UKX1^


M^R-^RW^W7_P3+USX`_$/Q7\9/%OBJQ^&-QKO[0/[+6E?M








M6\(^
_$&O^*=0M[[2]=\$V_B34](\':88@#]`:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`B




MB_#W[0'[)GPVU5/V7/VP?V`O@Q\08/A[^UW\1-*T[Q%XD^.GQ9_9R\5?#OXD



MQA)K$=Q!=W
4JO'/*K_#GQ9_;Q^

M#HMUX]\(^
M:&B^%=?TMKG@;_P#X*G^

MFG]G_3/`'PLO[K5?AAX&T_X-?#JR\'?#C5+Z]74KW4O`?AFV\.1:+X0O[S45

'A

MO^3/[.W_``5




M


M7BK]C_PG^S=^S#\/_$MW^UO\*_VJ]?AE^+_[0^L_#2Y^$7Q;_8R^*/AGX/?'
MWX?^.M






\#^!_LFH2^%KKP3\,OB;J/B[P[I5KXRU[QCX5\4)X
MHM?%?PAN]9T.VN-)UC1+;3M5TBVL_&^H`'ZC-\(?A.T/ARV;X7_#MK?P?XHA
M\;^$K=O!7AHP^%O&EO:RV,'B_P`.1'3#'HGBBRGGLX=?TQ;75H[6:6W2[6*


MXD_'GQ-\6OVCCHGAO6GN8M6\*^!H]?$_C)]!TC1/`WB/Z:N_^JO[1OC+5?V
M:?A]\?V1_A;XN^


ULOAC\/+1?B/K

I\'7M_:



M_:R^+_[1OA+]KS_@G_\`!KX2:A\
+#X:_'+QI\:E^+EMXUTC6]4UGQ'H?PW^




\0Z



'BSQ3X:\-)H'BGQI

MT[1O&?B'38?%%]K_`(:\-V2:9XA`/V'TOPG\
;[Q1?\`Q!T7PUX#O/&@N]0T

MMM8ZE8R+%!H2:='%=6SK'%IX1@JU^
GP5_;7N_!_[.LE]X%_9U^/P0^*?Q9
M_P"J?[1/[%4'A32?&?B;5?@7IGQR@_:^+N@?$+XQ^+_'-I\/?!_B+7Q\0?




?$G
M[



M%?%_ANP`/UR#6E_!



MW3[6WL[.WAMH8XU^*OC?XW\0?M1_$C_@EC^T_#X)^#&J?#*+_@I1XP\-_!_Q


MJ^

M/?P%I_QH\

M

M50*@_L+1/[;_`.$F_L?2O^$D_LK^PO\`A(/[/M/[;_L3[7_:']C_`-J^3]O_



M\

MP3FU/7_`!TIO`F@Q?$;2+OPD`?H6\7@W7-1\3:/)'X9U?5WT?3='\9:6Z:5J



?$/[0'Q+7]HNTU?XJ^%_AQ





M\(Z/`(-






M\%I9VD$-K:6EK#';VUK;6\:Q06]O!$J10001(D4



8]`DT/[5812#Q

ZE\+_&LFH^'?%.BZ;XAT*_


ET/'=QI.BKJ]KIJ:=
M+;RW`\426XO(+%=)DG@DF^W+;C3I)8F86S.I_G
\
OXD\9?`3_@VM^&GP]M?










M^S^$/BO4)OAUXILUL-8U#41\//B#KFA6FL6%M:Z=K=_X-M]6?[)8_.?[5'[2
MNA?\$A=^,'CKPC^SY\`;2PL_@QX=_:&^)T'P5\':_X+U7]HO5/!?B8_O4?

M_MW48]9U&34+N*/^U+V/4[MIIYUNY!0U71'N]%\42^K[2?WB?Q7ILSVWC.

M^V]XC^&]M\0+#5/`WAV'PSJ?P8\;_#CQ%JG@FQL-7\:BPN/$$6O6GB6TODM]
M
TCZ#\5?MR^



MQ%-:7/BGQYX[\9:_J?C'XA_$7Q==:?9Z;IMQXL^(/CC7=?\`&/B1]*TS2=%C


9HH88V<I&@7PG]GCXGX$^&O$
M,&N_$WQU\</B9X^\1IXP^*?QI^)=KX)TWQG\0O$EKX?T/P?I%Q=:!\,_/@'







M9A_:P^'_`

M
BU






MK\0=+BT

VC1&PM/@




MU+3-8M;J*\@FTS3KRPU2QU:ZEU.]CN8W@DM[ZUU.]N9M0NDE66&\NKB6[F$D
MLKR-^

M[GX9W4'QY\$_$G2_@)\#?`WA70]0O+#1M-UF/X+?$37=1\=ZAXCU^V^&&D:1
M\-ET;POX[E\7RZYX/`/V+T/P[X-L](\/P^&M#\


6'CKPU^PG\)_$/A*Z\::'JOB7PE'KVB?`;P]J


MX(2?$#XX:3^S_P#%KXH?M)_L\R^*M%^/'BKP%JEK\6?AG\2_&7[`VI?%;7=3
M\)6!\9FQO+[QIIVEZKI?Q1U7P[JWAY_%.D3:A::;X
\+Z8[ZIH(!^[.I:QI&
MC+9/J^J:=I2ZCJ-EH^GMJ5];6*W^KZC)Y.GZ79&ZEB%UJ-_-^ZLK&`R7-U)^

MSQ9^U5\7_P!G'Q%K





M]H'X;_!#X7:+^UEX(_;5_PAO[+OBOPMX\\4ZC;:!X*^(_P7_90_;.^%GQ@
M\(1_&C2/AE?^



CR2QQ%[)
M?$%UX?TZ]B261(R1J,VCV.HZILC@-96M[J
08I/=H)/Q=^-'[9?[?
7[`O[
._VU_@E\38/%6J_$T^#M<TKX<:A\1K'X#?$+

M
^['3-2U/PIXQ\/R?O373PQJ7B7S[X0_\`!2W]J;X@_![X9_$C5_V2/A]=
M^*OVC_\`@E[\8O\`@HA^S/\`[X2?&GQ?\2/%WC'6_A%X:_9SU:V^?B^WUG
MX+_#^#1O$'Q
U']J+X:V'A*7PI/XR_LZ\M?$NE:@]Y+;:3J&K@'[3WMA8ZE;

-S`Y4M#/%%-&5DC1AX3


MS:G#K6K6&IZWXGL_#^C6MCX6TG[7XJE_0CX]_MQ_$#P9XN_;'T?X+?#SP=X\



M;%]

MQ0%$9E/0P006L$-K:PQ6UM;11P6]O!&D

M_$2R:#\/;?0M+O+[PWXHBU]AHX!]N^(_GA;QA8Q:9XM\-:!XITVZ2^@T_Q
M'HVG:W8PWT4

M-


(O''PLOOB1X!O;+QKX3\*^)K7XK^#=9U'Q'HWP_\`

M--2V3394NG:]OKNW6U99V:ZN9D8F5ZGLOGA;3=:U+Q+IWAK0-/\1ZS&L6L

M6OC%J7PG_90_:/\`A-KW_!03]G_P/\-OC'\


MX
?SQ]X(\.?MY_#O]@?6=\5_%7Q'\/OB!9Z_XZ^&7PP^(EQ\9Q?Z/\/?B3
MIUQHVB3?$:2R/PJB\+G6+OP+I%K\6)_B%IMGJM_X.\._K!0`4444`%%%%`!1


=7T2U^+]

(-,L_%N@Z*U
MQX4U2Q\7`CPQ=1:LP!TOQ(_93^&OQ9^.O[,W[1OCBV-[\4/V78/B;;^K_3U




M7OA]XV^(/Q4^%WAG6KO4?&WP4N_!UA\2]
?P[XGT^Q\/WWC[PQ#XR\+V5MXC










4?@GP

M-&@ZE:^?!?Q)N+[^
'@I[R+P!\1-#/BGP3XQ:WMM7GE_X1SQ'X2
7C'3]5



7CC1+C]DSQ'^T5XWO=
U+P_P]=/Q








M'_B#P+=^&/'_`(SL=3\4:3X5\4Z5\











MXE^/OA6;4OBYI7A77_&47@!M&^%NN^&4FUX`^0_VJ_\`@G;\8OAY^R=+\!_A
M]XF^.?[2?@_XP?\`!0;Q9^UM\?M3\'?#S]DOQ%X^\%6'Q!U_X@?'36U\/_`7






M[8BO]5EA\%:K$+X?\)CK+K
O_!([P4WB?PEK)_:Q_:STWPU\+_VO?'_[:7P=


M)X6^$$^L/X!^)5S\


T'Q!X

M)?Q+^*=CXA^
'QN^-=SK_P`5!\-AXBM/%7[07Q6\6?&WXC:?9'X7?#?X7Z`O




MO8?B=\

^UQ6%U;\%^S!^W_XNOOBQ
M^V[\(_CCXJ^''QP^'7[&?@GX2?$27]KK]F3X?^-KSPGXCTSXB^%=9U[Q%\
?

M3_@DI\./A?\`%+X&_$S1/VF/VJIK/]F?XL?'?XC_``+^&LWB#X.1_#WP;X=_




U;XCZIX3B\
M4Z3XIT+5/8URPU&VN)`#UOP7\$_!/A#X/Q_!&^75?B%X.O-\2:)XOF^)U^

MH266DVGR[\&?^?WAOX$VNB6_A']H#]H/Q(/A;\%_%_P)_9A@^)VH_CQK8_


M?_`GCS0?AIX\U3Q!HO@GXDV?PL\2?#&P^)OB/P'XHU?PGXITO3?$WAOPCJVG

M^
(_WC32[WN?AU:#4/%5YHUMK?AS3-2\6:%#IS1ZEHOB?PE9:YX;\6Z;/;






L7B'P!\7?AGX







M-M?$&@K?:








G[./BCX;_%'P[XD\.?M`M_P2JT;XGZ#

^(GA5];\(VO@Z]^)N@'P'J7Q(:Q6W
MM;'5]1








X4T&^OOARWB%M.34O#7B34XK+



?[87[3'B/QIX/^-?PI^-6M



/VT-



\`^/OA=X0\.^(_!
MB?L_WGPX\*_#CPUX#^*OQ

^*GP4^

M!_Q3MO7CBTUCP_\03I?C;Q'X1L/*:YXR0V?P*\++IG@KP_=_$Y_$&N_#N\


.DZ/JD4@!J


M`()+^#OVH'^(Z_$_]JK]J*U@^/7[






:


MQXSU;]HSP6?#?[1`\9Q?!+4=*M/$WB%OB1J?P\@UJ3QIX9\.6/A_0=4U&?QI

=/F\$0:'-XP:+0Y`#T;]K;]E_P]^UM\*M
^&NM^






FJ?%_

M`T'PQXD\1:
MOHEGH6@:OJ-GX_/_`
%0_P!E^Z^-G[*_P2\'-\7?B-J'[77AKQ?XO^&7C?P#








%/_P!AGPKIGPSU+Q-\;SX?E^
=

/@JW^'EW\/XO'=C\0/`OBOP#X




M:\5_'#]H?X7^'?VD_P!G+0/V9_C_`./A#KWPUTO2?B7X+\:W\1/$'PPU&?
M6?''PO\`'WBKPIJG@/4OBY\1[G[!X*USP_X8\;-K=A;?$+0?%.E:7-IFI?;W
MPZ^.?PK^+OPATGX\?SQ7'\0_A9KOA_5/$FB^(O!NDZ]XBN]5L=#EUUUFQL

















VP_'N\\02^-M:^)&DVTO@N3XKZ%;:_\`$F1OBSKGP[T/

[#P5X


MXC\/KIWBQ6\*_&+7KO1=
\

/Q:^'GQ'_9
^




M5O&]WJ6FQ^%[/5?[0LS/K7'[8/[/%G\9=
^`M_X[O=
^(6N^)+CP/X=GU7P'



M$7[*_P`7?V8O@OX^\



M_AG5/&!\0^(O$-S+IFE^$O%70?#CX_\`Q3^&'P\^*7BG]M35/AI=VV@_%W2O

MBO\`&G]H6Z^'UMX_\;'P=X;^'NF2^%/A!I&M^'OA=H-IX4\+K):2:EHNC^(=


MKXAS?V7?VXO$NH?#K]JOQ;^U3JV@WVI?`_\`;D^.7[+W@^#X`_!+XM:UKGCG


K3:7\;_A5\#?@_
M=_!MO7A33O!G@KPG^SJGCA/A8GA#5=+M;7Q##/I2_$SQW%J*:G=ZA9ZC:ZU



M?@+_`




W[4?Q`^(\GC#P-X@

=-BT2^2[



Q^&=!\/



MGG^&WA_2_AWH7Q-\

MC3^O^+__``34N/B_X6_:B\(ZG^TAXVT73?VI/VP_@3^V)XEGTWP%X!FOO#7B
_#C5%U;0)OB3J?C;X86OBV71HO
M@A\6/&BQ:'XJ_I?HHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB



/^.O@]_@-=^-?V:+?QGKV
M@?L+?\%`_$/[87QQ^,/C7S/CF/A-=64_PPU^R^$_P]TT?$C6?'6K^(M%N]-U
M'P]I'@F]L?$%O^]-%`'S#^V#H_Q8\5_LM_%[1_@MX\+^//BIK/@Y(?#/@#Q



MLM
_:;^/]KI/Q[_:5T_3]

M^#_@MH(OM2OKY_#WPYTF2]NI[III&M_M@?%#]G#X8Z!\+;[]I?X6W?Q-T&]^
M+_@0?J&/X(7OQR31_V@D\0:;IWP;?0])T[P_P);KPE\1]2\4:REK\.?&9L


OAW\(?&7QY'BSP7^U/X^\)^-[CP'J7












M_!EO'?@+Q/X1\6^


MOQ^\$Q?M5^/V5-8\^.#X\U_PGQ*_:/\`!'CZ^\-Z+)\

M'Q4^./P3^%\'P;\.67C/QM\'OVP?V,?VE5\$7?B#2_MQXS\.?L[_M*_#?X
MK^



MXR?!FV^)7C#2_B5XL\$^
?AEJ7PP\3ZYXI^(GP=\5MXEM/@9K_@SXP6?A'^S




O&J^+2W@ZP%L

'[$

-?$<_@[P;XM\76WACQ/XVN?

M$OCA^Q9\5OV@O@K\'O@;\$/V.?\`@EC\1OV(_B;XPM?V@=`U73]
UGPQXA_9
MM\2#XHZ1H9\

+;Q/H_AWQ#)=_$#1?!E]X:.G:


NN-\-K:_\&R^+I]7ATQ[X


UUXR\*V/C#0OA]






%/VCK#Q!HNA?#C_A
M+M5U'X6^/$VH?'#0M-^&FG7MQJEEX?TGPYJUGK]]IMO::-<:S]<^!_VS_O
MB_QU\)_`VL?!WX__``U_X7U!K5[\%/%_C_P/H47@KXA6.B^#]8^(#R#5_/C


MK?AU^R?^U-X37_@C997_`




M&6S_`&FO'WB[6O$/Q-^+'Q#^!OCOPWXJ\'_!R\^'L_@3P!\(-.U3X8:];_#3

M/P+_`&#_``+_`
$_/C+\#=3^.^AC5/H^%EIX4L_/[0_@+Q3XG\&^'_``AK
M'ASQL=
\5V'Q2^&





M_8]\/^
/V4I/%
_P-_X(C:M^Q9X[\+^-/B!\$)OAQXK^/^D:/\$K6U^&6NW.



M`()Z?`'XT_`'QI\7/#E[H_QA\)_LII\//@SH?P!^'O[3?C_X5?%SX[?##Q'X

_ASP[KWPX7X.Z+\8/BCXO\`'7@_Q!=?




M\0^

MH\/B/4HTCM[:R;Q$;%+FXA6[U.VB$TT(!^


M

ZU#
M\$OB;--X@\-_#KXS6'@#XBZ?HFC^

.]&\+:9\&M`

6#XA:CX:TOX

C:/JOY5^&_`'[2'P%_:9_P8P^+OP3TRX\<R_MA?\%M_B-/

\?SZ#JCZE8Z!=1



1_#3XE^
/`?ACQ/XY^&_[R_EEE^'
MWB?6]






M0?7CRT33IOAQ;6'PCNO!]MXKT+7/$
:/I<&A7L6H6+W
MMP;V!;&X5??*`/R^\`?LW^/O@Q^UI^P[9^&/`7B[QC\'_@+^P_\`M8_`OXA?
/K7Q]<ZGXRU7]F;XD:YXZO?#W
M@?4M

MS7[)_PWU\,]/N/B+\)+^^+GP#^$-_^QAIGQ%\-^&K[1OB1J5GH'C?5=$_9
MK\?_`&?PY\3;OP)H&KZ)XN\(V-WKZ76H^*=*\
_IMJO[=7P/TX:]XCM(/B#X


MI5GXGT?1;J?PIJ_A^ZO(K'79=8\/Z-^?7Q&_94_:SUKX2_\`!17PEI/[-_C*



M=YXX\._&+3?C-\

MU+X@:CJVHZ;H7]$E%`'XSZ1\-?VW?AU\:OVO['P3^S9\/?B3\*OVY?B/\
_V



M_:`^$NA?%'Q)\&/A\=#^'%UX`ODMM
\1W?QTS1;C5]$NOW&KB_`'C2/Q_X



O&G@2_\;Z1\/KO4/#'Q7_90^//P#M-;LO$.NVUWIZV?A?Q7\2O




\2

M+WQ6^(7QO^%?PU?XQZE\






OAKJ_[.O[./PQ7Q#:6GP^\=^
KOP]-=^







MU73+?2O%6C75SD?&/XJ^%O@7\*/B-\9O'




M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'P'_P4O\`BOXY^W[*FI^.O%

MO`_P.U+QQJ]WXT\.6\FN?#+34O?B?8-;OX
:[M_S3^)7QZ_9DT?2O!GASX%?




M#+PA+^UYH7P6^(GPD^.'A`^+/%WQ6^)T'['GC_QK\#/%]EXR\3^*/&_A@_!'





M^(^DZ)^V[KOPL^!GC*VTOX)?M!_M



MXVC8J0#\J_#OQ:^+




_:Q\97'COXJ?#CXF7.K_$

M9/[+GB+]I?X:S\$OAC\3M%_9[N?$OQ&\!_$'Q!XVM/A7I?QN[F?P-X^T;X

MW1=M=M=

M;X[_`!V^)WBG]G&X_:7UMOCUX_\`V@OV)O$7[1^C^
=;\6_GX:_$7X4_#+X
M^/3I.C^




M\1_M$^*?BYXGN_%Z_'+]@+Q9H5SXXTOQMXEUC4-`_:2\:Z1H'Q-UCXNZ=J5I



MB?\`;#^
GPH^)GQ?D^%?[:OP6E_9(^(GCCX?:?XN\$:G:?%;XG?LZ:)JGQ
\

6:QU?2O'
*_A+



M0/VXOVEIOA-^SQKO_!)K]EKQ3^RM\2;;]HSQC\



MZ_X-Y?#/Q0_:HUV[\*_$S_@D/\9[CXRZ-X=_;
^(WP[TOQWX\^$OPY_8ZT_'





AU;3=%_:$O_#=A?:SI_PM
MTGXG^#(-,T;1?#_C^P\!06G<_M)7ND_[X-_LNZ5X[_:)\7?M<ZY\+/V8=:\

M?!^C^*?^$;U#QG_PC6J^)M%T_7_^$/TF1H=5\5_V-=WL.H_\(WIDJ/%J&N_9




M$?B/PAXLLOEWX`^(&E:$^E'PU\8_`T(UG4/!NA_$/3]0TR]N+B]^&/BO7-5
M\3_#OQ)HE[H^O^'SXA\;>'OMUUX:\;^(=+N@#\+?V7K^V_9H_:1_9\_9X_89
M_:^^&O[
_`
MOQ2T;5;_`
=VO[


MH:!^U=JGP
E\1QZ]^UGHOC7QKX[`^('PQ^+/P_/A[]FZ32?_@33?B#K.NZ9
M\/?AEJ5C\%O$]S_8/]AEIH6B6&IZOK=CH^E66LZ_]@_MW5[33[2VU/6_[*MV
MM-+_`+7OX84NM2_LVU=[:P^V2S?8[=VAM_+C8J=6@#\4/^8'B+X:^.OBA\0
M?B'^S_\`MPI^U#\'_$?PF\*:!KWPZ^'/@GXXQ_!WX;_$GP7KTLL7B_Q/XN_:
M'^//[0/C_P`+_M%^.?#GBU])^(G@1O$WA[5?$VF^#]


K/7Y

M%&HPZ1X9\


J1-TM`'\C
M_P#P5HG^&'[

M:-\&_$WQAU32-6_8?^&_P[NK#Q5K/QDNH?`6D^%?VO/VDOB/XQ\0^$_!W@;3
M_@EX;^(?@KQ/\._''QIU&5G[=W[2/P5^(7[77[3GP=\0_M0:)\+/C%\1?#O[
M&.M?L0?M

_P`/OB'JTWCR\TSQ

]H`?D]XU
MU/\`X27_`(*1?$'2_%?[='B3X%_'KX/_`+0'PFU+]GS]G'PM\(?'?C_XX_&O
M]EO2OA)\
;B#P[\




MG]H7_@IFK^$E_;5\7^--(\76OASX,^(+'5;O]G?]I7PAXN\_$'XG_LF?;K

MOP]T6\GTN_M=0AM-8T2P;2M:TFYEM)9D@U+2-3M+K3=4L)62ZT^_MKBSNXHK
MB&2-?UDHH`_C=_X)O:?KG@3]ES_@D1\3/V(_C)\1_C%^T[??!3Q1X&_:M_9Q
MG_:
\7_$GX9:;\&O!W[
/QSUP;QO\=0\:7O@'X$7GPA_:7TWX&_#WPQ+X4

%-?#_[
M2^O^
/@G?Z7^TG^R7X+^$_Q[TWQO\/OCD?[%U/4?B1^U?I?QG_;'_:2@_9H^


MXO)GD2TM%9G6



MII_B#]KK6OC'\:]4_91^+GPU_;K_`&*?#OPM^/-IKQ^-?C#P+#K_`(@A_:ZT

M+#I_B5+33_B)\0[;P!J/A+Q;K/BWPA\.)?#.D_V`Z]/X=L+#^V?%$VBV6F:#





Z+_P2D_:/L/VC?AA\
M+?VS/C'\M)_MW]G^Q_9'E^'DVKW?PI^)_@JZTV[^%]IXI^+]A9^-_#.HZ1<


;NDT3JQ!K^*]`^





MKQ\2/BE\
/V2['6?AYXWB^$WA76/C=\'?_[0/QKNO'COQQIGP7_9VUGQ-C
MXD_$#Q+HOPO^)?P=^(MGX&3[/HWA;XC^*_!7Q


MO[:
7P^^#7Q(^./Q1T;_`(*



?CKQ[XL^*5AX4









95C8?#/XA0V?C?3;+P+XXM]3TZWL+#Q?8VWA_Q-#J


O\\_[57BSPU\%?%/[:W[8?[#_
M`











`?C3^W[XPUKX0_'OPO#IGCS7]._9Y^%_P

?



MANK+Q/HUS\

MB_PBG@B[U?2/&-[H6IW/]M67AVWL-
L+R_CO'M++3=.M[5K?[!8R6OS[\%/V




]/U.UTX:/;:C8^%M#M+^WTD6IL1I<%Y!8QW$

M:@^




MT`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!\:_\%`_V@?B7^RE

_$/QA\%O!]QX]A^'?BE];M+3QYIND30_VGX6TW5]`:6^T
M/Q#J-K



OVK/



M#?\`;U^'O[17[(_[-'Q$\6_LBP_L2?%NY\#/\2_$?Q
^#'BOX??M+_%WQ#H_


/C!\

\*?&#QMXS\=7/_``D=YXH^



;7Q3\(/AMJEQH$GA#4OA9I
MUOX6A\/^$OAUX8\+:KK^AZMMZ?\`\$ROA)X?^-^O_&?P?\:/VH_!NE^/KCPK

M@U^QEX!^&
/Q*\?_``4T_7X_COX_%SX6\3?#G]MSQM^S)XW^*GC70_&7@CP7


K*.'QOKNG:2NEV-I
MX9@\/V_!?_!

^($8^+'BU





M_'%YX9DT0?$KXE1^+P#\L?@+^W[^V=J_[





M.O$.M_%74M%^//[2/@;2OBY^R/\`\
:Z[X8T'6?@WXELM.^'


Q^











OO&/@3XH?%KX[?$'P(









MAQ_P3
^&GPJU3]D+5O!_QS_:.MKG]A[]G_QS^S1\`X]0UWX1ZM;:3\
/']OX
M?T[5;3Q'#J'P9G'B;5=/T+P'\*?#^B7U^PALM


M+S3;S3AH+:IJ&J@'ZC?!/]LJ\UW_`()P^&?V^_COX4T[P5:/^S!K/[5'CGPI

\




M_AAX7^*?P%_X)BV/[='PQ^/_`

M6'CO1XO!/B73I_'=IX=DMM#T7XD^
M/\


M]31(`#Z#_:S^

M#-2&HZO972_D!X@^


;1O#NM^
=#GT^:]E_;SXH_L_P#@;XH?#GPW\

$/#_`,-?#GA?Q1^T?X9M?A=X
MT^/WBW0]5\)_M&_%/P7XLU#2_P!J/Q'IWCWX]_#?6/&W@W7?#_B\_#+XC_%/
M0_#GQ;U?PQH^MZ-);_$3PYI&LZ7J-A:17.FW6C\'_P#@F!^S=^S_`'WP+U'X
M-ZW\<O!MU^S1\)OBK\&/@4M[\9_%_P`1-/\`AQX*^,5OX;@\6VNBZ)\5[CQY
MH4ZQ2^!?AU?:)I.JZ;J'A;2[_P'WARX7P]+Y_B--?`

MI7]JO]LKXE?M

M*N$U=O#GA+P9X6\


/B!XV\'?#^WO-/\+ZG\3=4T#6_%=EH]U?7&H0Z-/J_A_PSX5@U



M\5OBQ\(O#OQQ@\?R:OJ=IX3TSPWXC^'
5UK7PPD^''CB[^).B3O?V/Q%^$E]









M#W[1?[37[0'[;'_!3GX7Z)XS\

MWP;X4O\`0]$D@^*

ME/\`LS^


\;V?@BX^('C/5_`2ZZW@W





;B'X1:3VW[2'_!0WX__`/!/+0?C3J7[86D?!+XPQ^'?
MV+/CI^U]\)/$'P&\/^
O@KIVK:Y\!/'_`

$='\#^%O





M.M:E'J+:MH?B?6-+F\'Z?9Z-;V4/C37_`'_]I7_@E/\``;]J'QW\=?&_C#XI
M_M




MY^!7Q&\9^$/#?P!U7X$_L\?\%




MV=SXY\

M7B1OB'\&_BCH7[2WQ





_#GA?PUX_FE\6
`?F'^RS^T'\9/V



MQ/\``6BG5]%E/ACQYX?\


;YK2V\2W?Y$?`+]J3]HBX_8*_9W^-?[4^B?L__`+6G






MUK\/PECXDO/4_C3_`



*?!OB'2[S2=5OE2SM]16PU*Q^6O#/_!,3PW\-+'5%^_[6/[


M`
-$^
7AC]EZU^/NM^#3K\OBSX6WGB30/AQ:_$?QGX)T7QMX-U:^74/#VJK9



\7
MZCJ.MW^J`'A$?_!53XC7GP:^$_B3PIHWPH^
_B3]H[]HO4OA=\`_B)^S3X;^





M9KLOP/\`%J?'/]JCP_\`'KX(VOC/2/\`AJ3PO\5M(T/X]_%SPK\2]2TC6?B9

M=VL$5QH/E&6R@M;FQBCET_9%-:QJS0CX-_X)I?MU^-?@#\`/V'O`?Q6^%7PG







^)]3\9RO\`
M`[X
NFI^%O%'@_08;CX=V$]KX8MD\0^
X/$@!YO^U#^VU\6?A'^UE\*_V8/A

M?\+?_9_^&^F67QBU[P?XFNK[5?'V@^-/#NG^%-(MH-'\5:[IWP=^R-^T-\2O
MV=?&GQJT/PC\#/@GI/[+6L?\%E?CS^S1XZUS1_%.KZ-\7KGXA_'?XDV5MX*\
`?!WB*'6?&EYXCUS09]9UO3TT&+P7I.C^-/

O@!I




@\=QP

'A

M[!=:MIFCZII_WSX:_P4
7@[Q;\)O$GA?\`;0_:AT;2/@-^UM\?OVM?@_X`
MBL?@%?\`@KPSXA_:13X\R_$WPCKL6M?!?5/$GQ!TW69OVB_B1HT/BGQWXDU[

MM


^@B74`#MOVW_`-KKXP_LN^+_`-C_`




MKVK_``ZU[QIXZ^








M)+IVI6DJ*1-`9%54=0/6ZX/X8^)_AQX#\-^#+WQGXP^(NI:-9RC6?'OCZ^L
M+_QAXRU[4+RYU37O$VNMH^FZ+X?L+O6M9OKZ_30ON@^'?!WARWG@\/^#_#?








M$^





-

PO?`5MI7C;X@_!KPWX-O6M?%FL^
M4T]9M$(!Q6E_P#!



M=#5OA'XBMO$/@3Q+XVT);VTU*RT!]9`/VSO/V@?A9X__`&5M2_:4^&7Q8:;X



MK

MBN=







M?@/7W+^$/&VE:O:'POXAU6[$]K#\BZ#^Q]^WMX*_9Q_;F\


)8HKK_
M`(*%_LOI\(?`GQLTCQ#\0/&'A'XAO\0VT+0_`OP3^
GC+XIV5A\&O%%SX*^.





M[#XX^#/B?\`L8?M$V-B_PSGX-\'?'WQ!\
_&-GKOP0^

M/XN^&AG\4_$;Q?\``:75_C/I?Q.^)]U:Z7\/X[;PAX
A`/V2MOCU\%[WX'K^




F^

M


_M[_L)?!?]E;X=:-XE^./B&.[T'QKX'\-

MEZ9X/^%OQ';Q'+I?Q;OM=^'_`




MW_P48NO@G_P4*\.W'P`^`%S\3OVH/V]_V??VH/`]CI/[3.JMX#?PKX#\+_LM


6GAKX`_M(?W]H/6(K;4_!_PQ^*^JWNN:_\`\*MMO.F6$N@6%A;
M?\)%/K]UJ_\`Q)(]%UKY6^.'[$'[0W[1_P`3/V_K;4D\)?!SP[\=O`/[#&I?

WOC+X?6VD^$-1D\W7Q&O?#,%[;VWB6U
MU/7?^B:Y;21Z+=ZO9BW`/KO4/\`@H9^SQHW@SXB^*/$)^(_A;7_`(7^./!'

K[2-:^+/B/7/BE\9O





/$




MSS&GA[7M+\;)XMT^YAD\1?!SXB:K\/\`0Y/$'AK2O&
/C-+O7_$^B70!];_\
M%`/VS+#P)X-\;^!_@]\0?B[X4^*7PI^
?[*GASXA^


M^U.SF^.?QQ^'OP=M+^X;7?$/AJQBN)+WQU;:?X:MWOQ'JWB^]T'2;Q[#3;V^
MU;3_`

MXO\`@'XN?#KQ=IE_\&I/C#X(U/PY\/\`X!?$KPCXY\





^)'P\O_C!
M\%/@WXBT/]G_`



M=^S'IGPY^
7QG^)/@W3/BC^QE8?&]TWX6?'B_U[X#?B_UOP#XWUSX:ZEIM
MSX\\+:!-?Z%9Z[I7BR#X77^L^&H=$O\`[S_94^!GQ7TKXY_M+?M=?';PSX1^
M&WQ1_:2\





M*OV4_BG(_P`+IOA_=6_B;XCZ98_#_6/&OPDDLO&$?AB[US5/#I\5ZCX?BTB_



M?]JOPYJOB+QNO@KX::?H=EIWB+1O&FJ_#_P1\W?LK_\`!/;]M7X*O_P2V'C/
M3/V7+J/]B




M^&?C!J7C[XT?`G4_V:O#O@SQ#\-_VCOV8F\


WOB/X9VC7OA*P^%?@OQ=1\
M:7/Q(T^:/P?KFL67A]9?F/\`9T_9D^.W@7]L3QA\7E^'OA+]G?P#XDU[]HO6











=4TSPQ\/P#]`O






M0OK/\YOVP?V)OVNOVL_AY^US\:]*^G@CX??M?M)?![]DC]F7P;\#O%7QLT
M9]



M:_:_9S^#/PS_9__`&:?`_\`P2P^/'[%GPPN]1^*=M\33\.?%'B+XB?JX^$
MWB#P9X4A\+7.E?&7X$:)IG[-G@^\\#^
YO&FG?\`UOA]\0-(\5_8-.MK+[+
MKZ?L&_L5_MM_;]M'P)^TU\=/AW\%-#T;4OV??[+_Q;U33_P!J7XJ?&'XG


%]!\.6%[J<'4?M<?L2^(?VA/CI^S_P#%7P3\04^'6D:=IGC;

\-0ZJ]_H-[X:


M?$F[\-V=AH-U?^(CK5OI&J:];RW+ZEI`!]I_$KXN?'+3/VMOVM?A-H_Q6N]'
E^7
[MZ_P#L.?'+Q3\2_P#@G1^Q_P#M*_&;5[_Q


MB_\`!.;P1\!M`TO_`(6];2W+_&[2O%OQ:\9ZSX9FG?P;!Y7A*VG^*MKH]CXW
MGMH7OU\/:MJ


M5\



MAU[6+73]-2/PC8RBT:]UR[214\P^&?[$_PV,O[)7P7^&WB?]ENV\&?&KP7\
M0O\`@I%XQT#XH^$/VH]`^&_QH_9]\=?M2_M1W_QJ^#'B#P/\3_`,GC'P_P+

M8W\/?M&ZK^R5K/QC2P_:$T34?`VFZM\/9/`7Q0=]//Q'T7Q?K_A35;GQ/#X*

M\
^)KNZ\Z'\./B#:^)_/Q!@^

-`\1SV6EWN@Z



M\:?`OQ=X@_:/\:_`?0_!'_F_%G@?Q'\0OA]\0_A3\//ACXM_P%Y_$WQ%XE
M\(:SK7@[XC?%&^O//@SP3XFT#P]X:/A_4OWB#3?'0!^GG[/W[8?A?]H3XV




M?#G]I'X;?M1?MKZQ\0_AY\
['X.?M'_$/X8?M%^&?'WA7XM:MXC\1:5\0;+]

MVIZAXGMO!?QO\;_V1/VE/C;\9O\`@M#X?TWX:V_A+P)^W/\`\$XOA]^RU\#/



/HM&\3_`!$\


M8`[NR_X*



M3X3N]
U?3KNY_-GX^?L`_$[Q;^V=^T%XI_X8U_9$_:6^&_[4VO\`PP^)GAC]






_#
M/[3OQ@EUKX=_`/\`:V^!GPF^`=A9?#F&[\8S^.W[,7P/^,^A?3P?X.^%'A

T?RQ^T#^Q1^W7J?C_
M`.




MXF\
?$V'2+OPSXW\(Z9XO\7_``[L;#Q%\6=;^`_AG5?'?Q%\

GAKX?R^*?$Z1WDW@GPWXIU?X
M?6GAS7O$SZ1XA^&VK_#_`$'2M;O?$_QNTSQ_9ZY\'?#OC/PIIK^)+SX9_P






W7PYU+XA:]H_B;X66MUJOQ+N/$WA[




MG_%/_!08_'@?'SX;Z#H'Q5^#WQB_:0^
7QUN[?0O!=]J.I^.].^(/PPT/XPV

MZQT/6_`_Q30?#VOZOK7PZ/B+XB^S_3X
?M1_##_@H7X5^-FI?LU_#^R^%/





?CWX;_MA?%?QI=?#_\`:9;X@:?#^SYXC\`?&)_B?KWB
MSP]XB^-/@M?B!/XT\*V/C=[/XGR^&/#7BC5?#MQK^K:SKOB@`_H6_;&_:1LO




+W7`#]KO$WB7P]X

M;[4]5U34;N2*UL;PLX)KFZNKB6.&&-Y)&55)K;K\CO^PGPG\%Q?\`!)K]
MH;P&L7B:T\#_``Q^%_@VYLX[;Q]X^L;C3O7PXU[PLLUYXN\4VWB:'Q#XCT+



O

M_'OPR^I?MNZ?\/\`X8_M4_L=?MYZ5XC\!1_M#_$V3XZZ?\4/AMKOP0\2^!)O



.D)I_P`:?CSI6I^+


O[

`_6

%Z]

M&M3U#P-^TKX
\

M%-M=U[PK^T/HT@!_6+17\POQJ^)7[/N@^$_V2]*M?CAXX^&G_!*7Q-\5?VI]
M

MP4U[XBW=KX#M/$?PL\!2^![S4?#?'QMJ;/$GA#]F2U^*'_``3L\%?M
_MW


MOA.P\::!\.KS7]

M#GP[^T?\9?%WCSP-\5O$LW@S]IGX'/\``/Q7XL^*FCWGA/Q5X!^--G^Q5=Z]

M-8TIM$UF!=._:!FT71O&?CMK/Q/\8M)M-/UW18/B-X4^'IO@#^MFBOY%O!_B




MPQ\
_%3QK!/:^
OB7X?\`^%=&^('BVVNI-)ENK?Q-XRT[2;;Q'KT%S+H.AR3

B@!D444$4<,,<<,,,:1111(L<444:A(XXXT`1(
MT0!410%50%4``GT44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7SQ

MV'Q.O/#4WC:SN-*B1(M.FM];CDL8U5+9HE4`?0]%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!5&


MAH?B/Q5IOA+0M(AUR0V_T;10!!=6MM?6UQ97MO!=V=W!-:W=I=0QW%M=6UQ&







K)&C#Y6\;?LPW?CS]KGX2_M-ZYX\L+KP]\(_@Q\7?@WI/P@O/A]H^
MIZ;JEM\9_&7P6^('B;Q5J'BS4=5N+Z+7=



_M
M/GQ?\$_VGM4\4?#&#]C?X^?'CPY\!_AW\$K+P'J$_P`0]5^%WQ:U2X\+_`K]

M`%^+]FKQKX9\

WP^_9\O\`


?ANT@L;6W\)__]F'X$_%SXPV.IZ'H_PZ

MMII6HW.BZ)=:FNBVVLZM!:32Z;I5QK#6FH+I


M\6TOKG2M:\(:]XF\)^

M`'O-%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111


M^@ZQX/O?&MNWZL5X5^T-\._$7C[P%#??#^:TL_B[\

MB'X5MM0AA\-:U?O:7\FG^$?B?X8U7Q/\(?B#?65JVL6WP\^(/BN30;C3]=&F



M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`

MV]UC3;2]



TSP]\1_`7AGQC$

M(L?V;?@1\


D7I7P6_:






M22^./!6E7?AWQ):ZW\&+[QIJ7B#QS\












;=O`/Q
M_#/AGQ3-;^`E\?


MI?AO6]&N`?C[4?@_^W%H5I_P4
N?!W[)OB.6^^)/_!5'X
?M)^`[R[\4?LC:


/@MX';]E?Q;8+\

M5M/O].^



M3'G\2Z-'J'NWAO\`;Q_9-\7WWPDTSPW\7K'5M3^.GC7QE\-?A;ID'A;QVFH^
M)?B-\.)K^'XD?#Z6PG\+Q7?A[QS\./[(UJX^(?A'Q1#HOB#P+8Z#X@U'Q7IV


MM\_M0?MD?L8Z*GQ%\
?%6Q^*7[0/QA_;(^
/Q6^#_@'1;KP9_97B#7O#?QX\

;/P=
M9:=JVH:]XG\(PZYX3L=-T/Q!J




M^R)\3O@A^VI^R#XC\

MR^
?Q^^_P`:?7@[2/^$O\`%D/Q2\7:;X8\

MTZYT'0K'P9-J
WAT`_:VOSD^-OC?QSX&_PF_[!FC:3XKU6+X=?&W]G_P#;
M@^'?CKP%=^

M-/N/$MMX9\;ZG81I/I/VFYT?]&Z_-K]N_2H__QL_P":_[0H#Q1_K]M&W^
M%_BB\-OIAME\%_M:?!;XK_L[:=87FH7:0WEA'J'QR\8?`K[$EGJ$46IZQ;:9



MOKKQ#K^CZ7??#.JZ'\1_V'?B#^S/]KE\)W_[*O@O7?`7[
=M\9-6UJRT3QIX
M8^WQ+A/PQ^#OP6^+^G:A+;6?C#7/!G[0=Q\#M-^$WQQL-06]O?'BWQYX'\



M]G#XL?`'XA7UO\)/%&B?%GPCJ3_$_P)'QT_P`
ZQ\#-1^#'PRN]%A^))^*

O$/A[PM?@'3_%[]JSX%_P#!0+X2^--'_94^
M._CO1/#/P*^)'P8^


6@_#_4_@]\2M0=O&VBS^
?





&P^!GQ$N+GX17$&
MF_;Q)\

M_9L_:)_9LA\)_$*Q_:;_`&;_``+X?^-'B3X12^+O&7C6'XM:KH=W\1;'1].\
M



M)/VE-4E^)W[#MKXOU_X2?M.?M)_M#?#/]NG5?VMO$/C7P=XZ\+?&WQ]\6/'4
M;^OV9_$'Q3CU;P3^T]JWACXMWOPJ\3Q^)OWA?X0:??R^
/B98_$_6HUT?P
M+XF`.U^!O_!0#]K+6_@Q_P`$T/&OCC4?@KXGUC]I?_@HS^U?^Q'\?;NR^&7B






M!K3]1U'Q=XUM?BL]@VD:+J8!^W'P6_:D_9L_:/GUZV_9_P#CU\(OC7/X6T/P









W@+P9XC^(_

OVD_VR+:ZUG1O@MXD\#_



VA_&S_@G=X7^$M]\
_B7\'OVTOBI\7_`





M_MUZ_KWQ&O\`X36/QN\5?#7QK\9/C#\//%7[+J_M$?%OQ7\./B_\%_B=XHF\



MX._%+4%OI](_9P_;)\/?!2_^













MUOQ=\.+OQ9I:Z'XINO`?B34M/N=9\'W'B71$31_$$_AZ]TZ76=+1=/U%KFT4


MU/P;XHT_2/$=EI5Q9#1]2FTT6&I6\MC=7

M$GQA^

MP3I_8-\




M`BBB@`HHHH`9+&LT4D3F0)+&\;&*664*ZE6

M

M`&-O^A






<%E69KJZ\%W/[,\<:PO/'&FG7+7*6;36C7X!
M]0_3X.6_P`(X-6M[?XD_&+XAQZK!I%LC?%OXAZGX_GTJ/2'U61&TFYU2)+F

M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?G!\7M9O



M[$:;?:?KNK7FE\AHOBW4_P#@FII\G@3XF6-]J7_!/_0?L-K\(?C=IB:IX@U?
M]D[P_?:BUM'\)OVB[26\U'79O@?X

M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`


MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
D*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`__9
`
end








begin 644 v334147_ex10-15x2x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`/.[[XO??2_B+HWP?U+XH?#O3OBWXBTV76?#_PMOO&O

M1*_$SX8_##XK_LJ?\%)[&7XSZ)\!OVC_``_^W=XO^/7BWX9_M+^'?V?]%^&O

^


M_P&DO\`@EU^VA\$?^(?[6&@Z]\:OV;O$?[2OAWXV_\$M_VE]4T'1]2L[?P


^(/QS^(_[2?PJO[3Q




MI+XN_`'X@_&CPA+J0U!?#-GXWU_PUKW[)NHZ)X8T;7?%1O)-+\-^&)+J#PMX
M.U37(H'MM$TC3M0FTO2)9'TVT`/[7_AM\7OA/\9=(O?$'P@^*'P[^*N@:;J3



U3P]INNW.KZ?J:]-#HCV5W9PW*ZO+%IK1B\D6$_R_?\%B_BM\6_V8
MO^&?Q


\;^'/
M$


MFQNKFRO?VP?V6[.\LYYK6[M+K]H'X36]U:W5O(T



UQ#+#&[21NJ_S=_\`!0'X


FUCQKK=KHVFVZQVFDZ4VO
M^(M4GT_1]/AM]
TBTEATW3+6UL+6VMX@#^GCXN?M+?LY?L_OI$7QY^/_`
$_


B5G'\]/_``1K
MOO$WQ3_X*N?\'`WQ'^.^E)/\:_!?[2WPT^`OA*+Q!$K:QX6_96\/GXK0?!73


M\\;PS(DBLH`/*?C#^T?^SS^SQ%X5G^/_`


M7B#X)_%WX8?&'0=&U:ZT#6-;^%GC[PI\0=(TK7;)F2\T74M2\):MJ]G8ZM:.
MK)=:==317ENRLLL*$$5^8/\`P6


H?!OQ1\+[\^)__
M``1S\4_MG?N?Q1\/SJ

MGA^\M[;6M.G9[W3O%MO!'%:0^

W[//BO\`X3#Q



M\_3W7O&GQS_9]_8K^)_Q&^/_`

._-Y'\.-2O?@M<W'P5_X6EX:
M\_%[P/#XBEMOB_X)\;OH=J?$'IGCO\`X*8?M=?LM_%S]K#]GC]H'Q#^SW\1

M_B)\3?A)X-^)?@?Q5\4/@M'X
D^+W@#P]XFTC6/%OPQ'Q$T_5-7\1^.]#L+
MJ?4/UQXNTG1=4U70+768+.YU/3+1]0MHI+-XII.G\)^
?WCO1O^$B\&:_I
M7B;0CJWB/0EU?1;N*_TY]7\(^(]5\(^)K*Z@9H99]&\2Z'J^BWOELR1WVGW
M


METN:[U'W+4/&OQ^^'T?[3?[)'[*GQ1TOX8O_`
$N_P!B7]FKQ#X)E^('@'2?




%P_BK\0'\/_`#]
MM+QI\&OV`?C5\-F^!5IHOQ9_9Q\9?`G0/'MM^SGI'CK6Q\0;'3-=U/XGZUXJ
MU+Q5X)\56WCCP9X
\0^'?#VEK?\`@)]?TB.+5M5_5SXN?'G]NGQE^V%_P5`_

+_XJZ5?^%-4U/4=#
ME77?!OQ$U+X:Z58ZG-XPCUV]\

M^(?C+]EG2?VM_AAK_BCQYX:\-?!_]DC]F/QEX)\3^`/AMI]_:?\`!1?]ICX]



?#/A+7O`/CKXAZX
:5\1O`&N^./&/PST3QKX6U?X
MB?#S2/!^O^/?`^F:[IM]XK\&:+\06\1KX&U/Q3H5M<R:EH5EXO\`^$0\4-X<
MGU.WMDUB/0-4EL3/'9RNO9U^.7Q;^#7[3_[*/PR^('[0_P`+M9N_VI?VU_C4
M/V6?AG^T!XD^&_@WX3?#QO\0OA+\#/'/Q.U;Q/X@_9N^$OQ(USQ'\-I?CEH


MKWXJ:^^N_%3PGJ_BSQC\-7^%_C?0O%'@OXE^
?LW@;XO_.'3O!TG@OXJ?#
M

6B:EI=_*`?8E%?S3_!S]O;_@H#X?^`_[





MZSX'\7^&;KP5XKT!]


M7GX\?LR?!74]

MU^+FO:]K_P`+?BWX`U9CI6BW?Q;U7X%?$/Q/\(/BMKVC2-JE[HW[










MQA*^A_M$^)/B]X


?$OP_T/QG

MS^QUX`TK6/&/[8'BG]BWX@?MLZIJOBGX=?`BU_L'4?%_Q7O?!GP4^!?B[PWK


MM!MY)+O2]%?6?$N@6
%M*\0:8-0TW6/!N@?$33(DN([&[MO&OATPZE;Z<Z?C[\2=%_:KL/^COP//


OPO^`UY\6/#

OA

MVKZS=_#V#Q3XHU[7[K7XM




=4TGQ%X8U;P


\


^)=AX

?A6WT/PO?:WH_]LZ-X5\(PZH_A?1P#]!:*_#+]E_\`;E_;9_:Q








M'[/Q\

K:3X9'C+7=%.O:FL0
M



M9:^`)9]!U/Q7=_`O4/$'Q%UF/X86'Q$\?ZS%X+\)6^L^)]6E\-6UP++3(_%5
M_P!1XI_;'_;J\

M?M;1_!W]FCX-?'SXX?$OXI:'+XJU[Q;\
8/BQ;^-O&FE_`33_A'XR\-Z/X4O



FFW+:IX/\`#^GZG;ZIZ9\./^C_PVM^U;



MNT\(^'#XQM+ZUTGQ;H?C_2;^^72_#7ZM?M$?M7_M
_LC?M/2_#+XG_$;PGXM





M`.SY/IUEJ5U)86%SJ5O^T_\`!:?3XKR_AL-5GL+=KR.#S+^#2]1GLES=06-U


9OFO-!L@#^FJBOYW_@7_`
%&OVM_BQ)_P0EO-2UWX4Z58_\`

MX+URRUS3M1TN:X%CJ6D3F&2%GP9_X*E?')/V9O&7Q!^
.I^%O$OQ[_X)W^#O
MVXO'/_!4#X4^`?A]#;Q03_L]7'Q%TGX0_#OPL$\7ZCK/PNU'XX1Z9HWQ*^#_


M/&T?@
#1I-?6Q.E1ZK-%IS78NY$A
M/X`?&']N#_@J-\&/V//VPOVIM3^'/PITSP9X(_8M\(?M(_`?QM\5_#WP]:XC



M%`!1110`4444`?







%B?V1=4M_'-P;7XMVQ


MH'Q#^




M9#\??##0?@;XXUGXI?#7XR?&RWT6_P#A5:^-?!%K9G5+;PO\0-

M'^FZEJ_Q%M=-U[3]9\.:!H5UJ/C;7]
\+W`![)X5_8
^`&C?\-%'QI:^./CN

'C:'PUX#LM'\5SW.B^&?!FF2?$?QO
M?P^&O#.G:3I*ZMXDU35UM5U*ZENFSO@Y_P`$_O@;\$=-^&7AGPSXE^/_`(C^
M'_P5ELY/A'\



M'OA#\(?CE\;;
:'X0MO%7[-WP]^-T








-^)OC'PIX!\&:=\-)I=?6-=

MQZ\:^[3X



/S%_P1$^
OQ1^/'[#+^/




MZ'%/=QZ-)KTNJ0Z7'J&J)80VZZIJ(NN*\

?$

MG]C?X)ZEXB_:V^''P!UGX'?!N]^





_'']HCQ_\`LF^!OB5\5?@[+X(^

?@?\`$WPU!XZ^%OQ!\#:Q\-_&WA7Q+?:KJD?B
M;P;X@T:;P_K.E:OJUS?/KUU/J&EW$T4^LMJG]N?:7_M)-234E6[7XJ^%7_!0




^HZ%\-O
H+XNN8KC7)K:VT;5F\)6/C/46T73






?#^R\/:!JVHZKJ^C65EX6MQIF

?$GQ=\.^)]9U_X
:_J7BSX6:SX:

M5I]Y:V&NZQ;WOQ+/_P`%COV8K;X4?!KXBWOA/XGZ!XN^-@_:
.A?`;X@ZW^S


UKPSX?\`&VN^%='P)_P5U_9Y^
NF_!K5?V?_``!\;/CO'\8O

UA\4/C5_P`$_?@3\$M#
M_;*\2^`?#O@30_&/QX^('QKD\'^
-+T'5[1;#3OBUXNTRZ^(GCO5K30O#TNH
MV^AZE'H^M:_&MAH'AQ;^R\/6=N--Z?\`X*%?M7_$S]D3X9_!KQC\+O@U??&3
M6/B9^UO^RE^S_J]A:Z]X0T2/P[X;^.7QV\#?#?6M1A3Q9XJ\)PZGXCUNS\02



?QEU7P

O!N@:%X-72=7TN_\.:7)8Y6@?\`!+W]
MB3PW\&;_`.`-A\+/%EW\









\7?





\-S^'OBU

M'V7B35?VG?%/PY\;_'*^U+QM\2Y9_'/C'X07$%S\*O$[LGC-!X=UWX=&UM;;
MP7J?A
:#=^&]-MK;2=)EM=+@BLTY+Q;_`





M?7%FDF34;=()+A7N+:WFB_
CXX_\%?\`PY\_B3^U3X+UK]CS]JS7_'[$U]








:MJEW^V%\%+'3?'E[\)?#?C#7O!OP_^*5IX



)?@G\3]!^
M-/PKDC\5^-/#$G@OXK^%[:_L_#?CW2W\'^(M`:3Q'H-IJNJVND7U\;MM/MM6


/QU\#1:Q%:7V

M_P(7@'X7_!F^^'ANOA-X4^&OQ\36_A#Q-X@_:!\-Q:SJ5S\-?B?I/Q$T/P
M]?V^B^*-1\+Z/KK'1+?63H&CZ\`?7OP[_8%_8^^%?[/UI^RMX)^!7A6Q_9YT



M?BOX(Z)^T!X
^&]W^S9\2-9\



M3\-?BY9:5XK\3'Q;XC_9Q\=7::W+\'?BDOBJ]OOB1X#^

M-N;72/&U[9_$*.Z\

M:-\7OCKX4UK0_@M%J

M57P7IG_!6OX2:!:_M46W[1/P;^

M\3^%]`\

M`Z[=:'XKTS3=
U[3[K3O%OPF\=?$[X6^



O#NH_P#!95?@E^T)^UIJ7[7O[.O[:/PL
M\,_L(_3P3XO^





^VW?G?+GAK_@IC\*M9UOQ!X1\0_!C]I#X;




MP;^'/P/\



M`

_$GXN:#


MSQ9#]I7]I_5(O`GCOXP+JD?Q*UB]_MKXR:B_CNV\6V_B#Q59:AH/Q&;Q;X=B
MTWQKX\TRRTFUT_QWXPMM;YW]G7_@I=\-_P!I;PSX+UWP;\#OVA/#.M^*?VN?

@!)26*1)8VP\;JX#``_.36/^2?_!/_7?A!'\-1^!^KGX96'Q




]/
M\0^*/'^O6FDZYXQUG6]6T31KRP_DZ^(O[;WQ&^`O[%__``4L^)_A?]JW]L#3


5YXI_8[_8Q\'?MP_$ZY\!1?35_WQ!^#FO6WQ#BU_4O@

M/[
OP4_:M\#Z3\._CMX1O/%WA?P_XY\)?$OP\FD^




M_%30OB3X3U;1/A-\'_C/\9/`FL:]^SII'Q)_9_\`!_QJ
5UX9M?B!X!UO]H'
M2_$WC?Q=H_AU-3\7^+_!G[.VG_'+Q+H/AW2=[:==:MXB\$:3XI`/ICPC_P`$
MT?V(_`?[2_BK]KOP=\$(/#OQS\;^
]0^)7BK5M
\?_%2#P!K/Q-U;1FT'5/B


M/XAT'PWJ`!]3?';]F#X(_M+-\

MQX^#WA7QMHOPA^.LOA.P*Z-HES\7O`WC2YLO#\%IX=CE_L*SM-.A\3_:/_X*

M3Q



+KP-K-K






M]F_7?$G[-_QP^(7[1WQ5_94\/_M.^//@5\$++X.:SXF\+^!!I/AVVUGX@P+X


M/1OBY8^+_?CW1KCPUHVI:YXS\'ZYH/B7QYK5M-KOQ`U3Q1K-_J%]=['QP^/
MW@_]HK_@F%\:/VF?V:?BMXDL??C_P#8^^)WQ@^#_P`6?A_?7GA3Q?I+6WPQ
MU[Q3X=UC39KVS&I^&?$FC:II\5IJVF:E80:MHFJ6FH:1J5I::A:W$47P?^P+

M-$^)GQ1^&]QJUYX4U.VUO0!JOB3X7^
_!GBK4K.PUJQL-8_LR^UR?3;K5=.T





/$OB+Q[X


M`

MBMXQ\)_#CX4^*H)'\.ZAX'T/P5=_#[0-&UK77TOP
R:GJEIJ'IO['?[./BCP



/QJL











KQ


_8-O_
M`!Y\



M&_
W]G3]O_XP_M!P?L9?$O3?V4-/M?V9/VX%\37_`

M&#X3_$;XR?#Z]_:`^&%G\
M&T?P5J/C[PYX!7PY=Z=X*^*/Q+L_`'Q(U5O`7
MB_6;/6(-+_M\`_(S]O+]D'Q;_P`$X_\`@G'_`

MKW[
O@O]HWPS\%?ACX5_9)T[P9XI\??&O]G+4-4\?M+_S]KN7Q7\9M?U7P


'X5Z1:
M^-M$UC3=2MK#3/$MOXA\)S:?+;WBW/AEHX+







_BC7]*?1KK1=86]CNKK4-%


\/Z7]N\/:!-X
MCF\3KXB\(?KM^P'^V?X._;__`&6?A_\`M/\`@KP=XK^'=CXPU'QUX:UOP%XT

DF6

*_TGB&7PC'XET!_%<%J+Z;PPFLZ
M<WB&&R*1R\ET5;DZE':E)HG%P]L(2DL;!\.I(!^#?[6_P#P2Z_;9_:;T;4_
M#M]^T?\`LVZCX6^)/[!W[07[



MDN==\-:;I.K6OA^1GTNWUO7[;2QXFUL`^1_@I_P2S^*?PN^#GP$_8QU;Q_\`



M)/X;_M__`(13_A(=#_X2C[#_`&G_`
(W_:UA_;_]F[MG]H?V/]H_M'[#O^3[
M7]F^S[OE\S/%9Z^/?`KR-$GC3PF\JI%(T:^(]':18Y_$
OA&%V07A8)-XKAF
M\
1
0%D\0Q2Z*A.I1M;``_#+]C[_`()?_MC_``1^.O[&'QG^
/QQ_9A\=ZU^
MS-\


WPX_98^)7@_QUH_C75-?



M\2/!$OCW6_BQI_PSTO1?$-N^J_%?Q\FCZ7X9TOX!_!RRU1)6NKOQ!?W?Q
UR

M]8N;/P#X_P!

M
DIB;0@\
]M^I7[6W[3'P_\`V.?V:_C9^TY\3GDD\(_!7X:^


MP[K1\3V.F)=Z]X=\67=EX:M-5\.S76G^)IKZU`TW0=6:;0X0#\M_AI_P2G_;
M






M_#;Q!I7B_0_B-J_@?PE\//VB-6^!&OQ?$74K'PWHG[1/A7P/H=J]CXRMO%FO




M9?`UW^U5H7PS_:/\!Z3\/OV\_@O\-OAY^TS9:A\&-8_MCP;\2_!OP=L/V??&







O%7BK6_!EC\1]%\
^&_'OA77/$&K_#S5#;KIGC
MS2]&TS5;K4;_`


M?ECX4\$66B^%].\/^'K;P]X0TZ#2=_A[P[9:5IJ:;H%E#H6GWFD;]%TBWM










MREJOA;PGXYTO]IO]GO4O!/CWQ1?^!_`OCP^-'PWO/WC3QII4TMOJGA#PGX





M&^UKP9H

EMK^D:CK?AG45_;9_X*+Z;^S9\=






;;][0!^6^A?\
(?$_[
'AGX(_%JU^
M*7[%7PH\
VFNS78\3?#;]G&\T73(_P#A%]2O+*Q\13^)?B8^FCPT/&!DLO8O




M._@N:

)]$

MTDES.Z0PJ\C!2`?D-^TK_P`$

M\1_@]\0=4UC7/B[XFT7XI^%O$WC+XF^/+;QUX(OO`OAN:;P?JVFZ+I?B.WU'


@^'-9^`][\#/%_PJ^)GBKQ!J
MFH?$*ZB^


@'Y-7?[+WQ'^&?@
M;0/VCOVV/B_\(/[3_8D_8
^/'[-G@?Q?X/O[SPKX2\:6'Q)\._#2+XB?'WXM

M36\6^-/$
NBZCI^B?#KP=_1!H7Q?^$OBGQ)K/@WPS\4?AUXB\7^'-;N_#7B'




M;RPTRS^T7
L5O!]HNH_-GECBCW2.JGY._;!_;/\`!W[



M#P/\





MU^PU?3+W0I[
ZC!K5I?VMSI
VGB
RF^BU*&5[.2S$2M*;I)C`(U+E]H)K%OO






M1.`?S)?&'Q3XDLO^A7[:WASQ3\6/^??B?XE^*/'7[)EYKG[
W[1&A?MT?`


'A3X/-XJ\
Z?
M8^%_%NI^*+O0=;\6V=_+HLMOX=TZYT;3_$5^?%$%WHD6CZN`?.'C;_@GC^V[




MT^.?A?XB_LX?$KXX?#W]BFP_8


M


M;L_#_AOPWH5








M(U)=U!`/QW^
O[`'[2G[77@SXHW_`.TIXU^!'A_XP:Q_P3M_:7_8(^'6I_#3

W?AM(;BX?Q#:VKWBSW&AK!:7<[:M%&]@L-K<2&X02LJ2^//`T&CZ

MFUN`B-Y
FT`^:O#/[

MQ?X5/\+_`/A+-

M[2/PQ_:B_9__`&H_'OQ2^'C'Q9\'O\`@F_XE_8+UK2/'@WQYX)\.^(+^7X



M]E%K



M/FRIYMQ-%FZ21%;YC_:G_:GTS]G&;X$>$=.\.V/C7XM_M.?&K2O@3\%?!FK
M^)KCP7X

9OAMHWPA^)VH6E


MM4T;PMXEUC0])DU[6M)T#6=2T?0XBZRZUJECIUS=:?I







MG^$O[:T7A#X-_%&'X;_M)?\`!O[`^F_##X;?L??''P#\-M0_:X\



M&7X
ZS\




**`/XMO@





MT\;^/!WB[5?!=C\(?$/PQ;PQ#$-1\.:196%AX6MKB#4?5YI.D?F1\1?V;M
M&U7X@_\`!5O]I+Q!^Q/\9O%7QRTG_@K!^Q)XV_90^+L'[%7QLUSXSV7@_P`#

M_P`&VOB3^P:B@#^/CXOZ3K_CO]L3PQXEG_90_:-^'OC+X/?\%UM(U#QMI?PX



?PW\'GTX:[/\`
M%/PGX*O?B!\0_@V8+:YU;POH'CKQ;KDNDZ?I7B4_57[8/PP_:/\`V@_B%_P6





M-\'O%-_\?[GXS_%CP]^T

M!K

M?M`V^M_L._&K1KS1?V6/'/C_`/:\OOAGX?\`BC9:K\(K*;0_V8O$_AOXG?`K








MH_Q1H_[
?C3PIK?@[P!\5?A?^TS\._ANWQ5\3VW@C39E\*ZSK'B_]G^RTE=9

MIX2F_:$UQOA-\8]8L/!%KXW\*Z+XU\/7VF2Z!X`U7_A86FR^'/$&EWFK:E\-

/FPZ-HFH7

MH1!%+(@!^!W[+5]\7?V3OB/\0_C=X'_9E_;)^(O[+/AG]G+X_P#CS6?V:_'7
M[.QO?VM_V9/B]XJ^/G@[QK??L\?LD?$O61X-U']KKX6_&_4[SXB?$W2_!5YK
MWBJ3X=Z=X\*77_Q-`\0^





^
=&^'WC#P7XK^-]K'JO@

ME=?#CQ7#X





M^

M/$5[-XMO=!@U-M
T:S\0ZU\-_:OV3O&'Q-_8`\._M*_%[5_AM^V!^T;^QK\+

G@G

]^NHMHW]&]8?B3PUH'C#1KSP[XHT
MFSUW0=0:U.HZ/J






MQ5_:P^!_P6^*W[/_`

M/Y;?V/?V#;'PQXA_X-Z)/B+^PMXETRQ^!O[
7[9&A_MDCQ3^RKXFOXO#GQ@U

%/A
MCH7B#P]-X5\9^#O$']@-%`'\9]SX?^+%G\$/V5/V:O&W[-'[60O_`!5_P0.^
M%_[%W[2G@#PG^S'X7_:6\:_!R]N]9TKX=:1XFN_AYHGQ[\&WGPNUSQE'\.OC


/&_@^'T7XD_`[P#XQ^
5WX4\0_LL?

M=+\/^)OV4/B%/\1=9\

M\4/V

O?'7@OQ[\2/A?XB\2^#-+N]5OM


M;6**WM;6VACA@AC6.-%50*`/Y]Q\)_'NG_\`!2K3O'OP=\%?&S6=)U7]J_P5




M3=:T2*PU&&2TNO&NKZ?9?#Z&79O\5A98F?[H`_CL_X)T?LC^#_B)\;?^3F

M-\1-=\`W/@_POXD\*^&_!OQSUGX=Q^--?T.[T2;44@T:*SUKQYX2M=?]YL/@



M:6\.^*?`'_!4WX7_`+0OQA^$_P`1/C9^QYXI_8*^*'[-VC1_#[X%^.OVD/\`
MA2GQYUKXLZ;XQ\=7WBKX9?#'P1\0?'%GX6_:*^#::=X$O_&-IX:N_#\
WPOM

M^#3_`

MN+3?%GAK]KW_`()X?'G5_AEX^^+7[.OPPU3]ICP=\5=)^'7PN\5?&O7/AK\2
MOB]X!\&:7\#OCG-\




^
/%'B/P+X9U




MJW@]==_


@&OF_X-_MN?LC_`+06O:'X




_P`3_AC_`
%3/@#?_`[X



M?26D_P%7[9'[+]E\=/B[_P6O^/%Y^QE^T9KVL:G\$_^4=S^PKX\TK]DOXX
R\9_!#5=<\ZA\3HO`L<\WA32M)U/P
M_P
HTT2/Q!IC_V3T4`?S.?WX6Z]XL_X*'_`!CT?]L7]GW]N#QS\4Y?VZ?

M4?B5X!^$_CBYUC4O&&@:#X4\0^)=%N=

;;P_J_BJ\T3P[IT2RW5[+



+

M`+-/[1FI?$;]F3XN:*_C7QQI7@VW;2?AOX'T=]&UNZ_;4\5^*?CA:Z]XZ\$?
M%GP-H/Q%U?1;UU3Q3KWCWPOK7Q#TO1/&/\`4910!_*;\??AW\3M4E^/Q'^



M!-


MNC3_`!'AL/$7Y#^*?V9?#W@:+_@C5X7^-W[/VLZOX+\
_P#!1G]LGQ%X9\
_
\<?.S^&7CF


MO[JWDBM==TBP\8Z#XH\*7FH:9

M0'QH\#?\&VOB

M66T71I])\-^'=8N8M0FN;G3M2\?V/C6]
MY=-KLFOYM1:?U[5\
?!G_@FU^Q
MI^S\?A/A+\*M;\,Q?`'4OB/JGP4MKOXQ?''Q59?Z;XLZ':^&?'MIX*L/&/
MQ)\066A:)J_AZRMM$L_#ME!'H'AS3(VLO#.F:-!+*C@'X\_!'_@H%_P4*_:G





M'F@G3?#G_!;.]_8A\2?&2V^&_AW1;;X










^'HM
`/=_CG_P`D2^
7_9+/B#_Z


M-#]C'X
S?!5_/PQ\5:U:_LVV5C9?L]Z)\6OCM^T'\?/WP0&EZ;/HNDWWPH
M\(_'7XJ?$;POX`UO1]#N&T+1O$/A?2-
`_#(;Q'^S%XV^(WA

UQI;/QGHD6EQ27D#2W6A2PS);V_M_PF_:._:[T_
M]NGXX_\`!/+XJ_$C6?$7CRT^./@7]J;X)?%:'P1\

TW1



L_#_


MK%+=W#2`'XNQ?M[_`+14G[47[


M^%O@^'P[\

7/BC]C[6=<\%?LN_`F

M_BII/PR^






M0NYI@#\N?CG^U%_P4/\`V8/AE\)/B'^T!\1=^(GPU^'O[+-\_[:_P`8?^?

*/$'P%_9'O\`X9_&GXA_#&P\
M8_\`!1S_`()N:#=:]\*[_P`*6TWBCPI\0?VM?A'I

M7BG2;!84T75=6TS3+?Q;IGB?PP^H^'=0^I/%'_!.K]B_QAK7AO7-8^!6A6\O



_M8?M+:;\*/^Q?Q*^'O[0&I?/QS_P3*/VS
MX8_#;5O!7P9UGPO\2?O@K]C_P#'[3MIXK^+S^(?A[KGBC5(?CWXL\3_$GX

OB[
MX/\`AYXG\











M*NK?KXSVEWH'B+X9^*X_`[ZYX,^'V@7'B73/&L6#^PO^W)^V=^UY\4/@=^R
MO\6OB^?@YXV_X8@_:2^,_B+XW?;X7?#JRN_CY\1?A+^W7\2/V-?#/C/PYH7



MVK?##P?J.BV7AO5O`_@K7_AGJOA'7=`\!ZYH&F:9HOB#P-8:E%X2\0:9IFFV




_P4\#?#[1=6


?AK0-
;1/#^@?$/1=9%]HWB?2/#
MVAO)HGA_3]3L)[70M%DDTG28K/3Y'MFQ;']A?]DG3_@SXS_9[B^!G@ZY^#7Q


M'\`=%\


M)XTL!JWAG5[G1[M+_2WU32I'6VU!+_BAOK:&[2:*]M[:[6/[1;021@'YA?


OV'/V5/'][X3U#Q7\(-)U*Z\&^`/^%3













M'PID\%W_`

M#?'J\^




MU]+I4MWK'A76].U2[TC6M+U&:Y@U?1?LNBZB+G2M/T^SM0#BOC_\6/B3^RM_



_@/5=



M?!GC?7/A-_P1+T&Y^/7QBG\3:_\`\%G_`/@II8Q_%36K[P1XL^)6BKHGQ/\`


MBP
DD=A9++([0V5MY=K;ABD$






M@1\%/VG];O?$7P;MTC\?%CXF?`N[^*=MX9\*FUTG2/]G'XR-YX-T;P)\4K
M?0/#7A'24^)]CXQB\/\`A7PKI@L=!TWU?QU_P3O_`&#/B5X\0__P`:_L;_
M`+-&M?#WQ;\2)_C'XH\(CX+^`--T7Q#\6[J&[MKWXGZQ:Z1H5@-0^(-_:7]_

M]-\

M8UCBC50!0!^*/P)^


-5
M_PFVH^'Y/%^L6_@'X$_=OAJ/7[+?QS^+5W\/?A/J/@CX:Z+
FK?&;Q9X



M?-]8ZEX0^_B?PCI_B#P%X1O]





MRU
7AO[&SN(`#\:YOVX/VH;S]IW]E4^!?CIKGCW]GC]H#_@I+^U'^R7JGB*X


M-7\;ZW^QO\';SQKK/Q6U;XW2^


M``35T/X
?!+2-
\?'4;;1?C4WQC^*'PZ\#^$_%NJZAJ_Q'U+P5X7M/B%8Z\_
MB*?6K^;Q9I?A&+Q?X7\&:QXFU#Q%J&JW.FZEXCU/6I0#1_8A_:#N/VN/`?BG
M]J+PQXDU'5OV??B_K^C77[-&EZAI6DZ5/;?#GPUX.\/^'_%?B*\BC\/Z;XB%
M]XG^
MK\38K(ZUKGB73-0\&Z%X-\2^%[C3]-\12VK?AW^V7\=/B)^U3^QO\`
MM'?$?6_C_?\`AG2O@G_P6O\`@M^RHW[/.@Z-\(I_!^IZ!^SW_P`%+_@-\-_#

M#WP9^%?PV^$7A-73PQ\+_`GA/X?^'_-BMH9WT?P?H5AH&GS7
=E#;6BW4]M8





_X*J^
M+OV3/AKXHL_@S^SV?CQ^T5\





MZU'3]5\!V_Q*\*:?XBTK4O$_PHOOB'X3UO34O[+4M&
.I1:WX
-OI/BB#6;2


M!_/'^P1\=_V@/$7AG_@D9^Q:GQQ^(_@;P]\7_P#@BSX:_:XU/X\RZ'\(O$WQ


M1\+:[X2




M_P#%?[!_C/6?$5QX?/C'X?:WX0U[5Y-^L/IFO_%7PI\2M0.L:O+K/BP^
?(%

M?@



MIHVDZ-98_B?_`()@?\$__&'P/\&_LW:]^RI\*IO@A\.O'TOQ2^'GP^L-+OM#

M90#V/]D36OC+K_[-OPDU#]HCQO\`!#XD?'.+PT^D?%;QQ^SAJ6I:M\%O$?C?

M\$I?V)OB7^T;^R[_`



M:=X5\+77@:^\/:IX3TG3-!MX-'TR'PU?:4VFZ=#%:6+V\**@P_@E\`?A-^SE




M*?M6.G7'P\_X+`?`']B;3_CCJWP=^&WB^?X@_!/]H_]G/X:?'ZT;Q#I%CX
N)-/OCXF_831/V/V1?#_[

M9X/\1:9XWFG\9:#KOA?7M)U;P[XJGF\0Z%=Z=JTTEVWR3^WG^P%XR^./PY_8
M]^!7[/7@OX6V/PA^#W[87PU_:0^



MAG\?/BO\4/$?[



(_

C-(;?
M3-&TVRLH2[

M0-+@^!VCZ5X`NO`_@GPIX)\'_MP?#;P)I
7B2Q\-GXBW'Q*T'1_`^BS?$2]U
MGQU?:!J?C#5_&W]E^$?#.DCPQH?AS;TG]MG]JBP^%?P-UZ\^+UWKNMS?\%Y?







M
MJ_Q7TCX;Z=::-X'TWQ

MI]P`?FG^U3^V#^VE)\9OVZO@[^SMXHU[0/C5\!OBG^PQX0_9:^#VB_!W0/'O




_A;X4:UX?\`CMXH




M+[35]#?2[K2O$ME:ZII#V-Q:6S1`'\O/QI^)'[47[-7[3'_!R)^U'^SW\=-+


/NW6?\`@FG^Q1XA
MT']H#PMK/P7;4/#O[4]C\/M+_:!T6;XD_%L:?\3M*^%.FZ7H?PZTK7+:/QZD


M?'/A)+'39-$^(7CNV\1^.K.[TC1+Y/$7VW1=*N+



7@6'P:GQ6UF7Q`-0'C-_%+:9IC:=+X8#W
M4
@!NZ?_`



MW\6?NB6VNZSXB\:3%HKP77F'B'_@DI\0/%'[&WA/\`9#\::W\`_B'9Z5XV

O#6H:GXP\*^+_V




MDG^)TVA:M\&/V/OVHOC#\+OBAX0^.'B']GKXU^!]%\!7?PN^+^K_``/N-4M)



'A5]



M;X:\(?MC^!O%OCK]BSXD:Q#\-?\`A%OVD8_?@J3XD6WA'3I+?XBO+\+?'/Q
M'^',3_$?X0Z+\8CX(T_QMX(6YN+S6O#GBK1_$GA#0_&?@?\`\$S_`(P^'?#O
M_!,;0_C%\:?A-JFA_P#!/+]G[X@_LZ:SX,\$?GQP[?&KPEXL^`7AK]G?3M7



7B&VOOB&FBV'B74?
MFDVU_K.I^'?#FL'Q#'H/B#Q@-)M+VW\%:'XFNO?BC3ONK^+9]%T_Q3J_A
M[6='\/7&IZIIUU9Q=Y7\O/\`P3B^/G[5OP[\`_\`!/S]H+QUXE^%'Q&T[_@K
M%^U_^T#HW[4/@S_A`/%^E_&;X=?&/7_!_PT%\0?`[V/Q`O?&%S:ZI9?LX^$

FF2_'3Q;H-EJ?A+X
+

M.*43_$.+PCK$G@J$Q3%891+XD73$\N9EB?=MD(0DU_/)_P`&G[Z%=?\`!*34
M[O7'6Y^

MX?U;3==UV73M)OK:\E^D/'/CKP5\


M/C);PZ7-:Z\6^&NH^*&?PUJ&E^)HU?P_JNFZE=;_`(X_;4_9?^'&O_%+P[XQ

U_XXZQ!HOBO6/!?P3TS6=
_MS2W^
7QT/0-2\!_V\OM`
M7B.WTKQYXCT#57\-W-EXB^Q#1;ZSOY_P`_X.?%TV^_X)^?L.67[.4FB2?&6^

MK:E)H:M\Y_M@?#;_`(*`?L0_&_\`;V_X*8?\$POB'\
?VR?V
OB7\2/B%J'_
M``4-_8+^

ZC;SZ3J$5MU7P,_;D_9-_:8M?BW/\!/CAX0^*=[\!]1O-'^,?AGPFNK
MWOCOX<ZO81ZD\^E^*/AY)I</CO3]1DFT76M/LK%O#K7.HZSHNLZ'I\5UK&E:
MA8V_\RNE^,_OQ'_`.#F;_@D?\0_`GA74_`G@CQY_P`$/?_C/P;X(UJ*XM]
M8\&^%?%%O^U5KGA[PKJT%WBZAU/P]I%]9Z1?Q7(^T1W5G*DW[Q6KYU_:_9%
M^/\`_P`$P+[PO_P7@_X)Z:/KOCBYT_X@?M%_\/'_`-F:VN?$6GZ/\;O@]J'[


0N



M?LR^*M-_:6^`?[*_C'Q_I_[1EWKO@FY\*3?LX?$KQ5\#-1U[2=#CLM;_`.$L





/A)I'C'P_J7Q

?&_@BRU&X\0^%O#'Q&O/
M%^G^!M9UO3XV:6PM/%%WX\7QZ29]LEPNAW4WEK`]M)/\D^)_P#@IM^PUX-\
M2Z?X1\1_'G3;'Q!K7QJ\0?LW^'+*+P5\2]1B\7?'_P`*^*KCP-X@^#/@K4-



MX22VUQX-2_TSXERW6E:O'IG@75K6Q\3ZTNC:U-H^F7\.CZG):^P_#K]I;X
_



MN@6?B?PS97TXU&^F:8`^P?'7CCPA\


M]_X-\_VN?@A\=8[VW_:/_8M_9F_:K_8I_:2\'^)K;3[CQ5:S_#7X
^-/#G@O


MVF@^#M%UKQ3-XHU?QUJVC^%=+T!-#.K:AK6LZ-96EI++J^GYX76O^D7['F
MA?'KQ_\`LNW'Q&\6ZC^T)\+?`B?%#Q_\)/_P)_:\9^
O#/PYD/AY5\;WNG







M]XPL]$M;*XMO#^NQ
=/L-$U'1K0];\9;+PEJ_P#P7H_X*PZWXDU[5?#_`.Q[
MX8_X(E:OH'_!0[Q9X+@UF=?#SZOX=^W:+#J

Z-H7Q3\.:;X
T'4?%C^*/`FI:_X

8_

MX;6_\.:]!IO\S/[&&D?M]_\`!*[]L'_@GK^P=^TSK'PY_P@_\`P3Z^*GCS
MQ;I'_!.G]JG0+66;XP_L_:Q8_`WQ[::39-%8:A?./!D7P?\`%_C;0Y=+U&^\
M?^&M'^%^M/J?P_\`B3I7AKP7)\/[+YO^%ND?M1_\$J+/]F#X@?!'QCX/_P




M_!



M\
O`FM^&K'XA^/\`5_&^C
-7\':-X2\*:QJOBC2LZCH5G?V0







?VHOBI





P?M[_LK?MS_\

M%:KKFG^-?&GPIL&\-:0FB?$GPS\-O#FD?T-?\$YOVO?A)XV_9

M_#KX=_'3]KCX`P?%SX;_``.U/QII
/C;Q3'_`
(^_P`0_'=GX&T#49K+7_%E
MEX'TS4+JYU6\L=












MR\#QWNO:#9Z7?7M]X4E\8:'HD?C;PA-#K%JFE^._+:UX-UFYBUSTG7+RZT

MXR_9@_:=^







M?!75?`VA^*K:'2?VE/V

M$H]#O/$]IX4U/Q-I^J?OPB_;K_X*$?M0:#\%_@MJOQU^$O[,OQVTG_@FC\)
M_P!I.Q^)WQ.^(ND_`_3/C!\6?%/Q;^+7@YOV@&\#:K\!OBO8?&/X.Z9X/^#?
M@+Q1XX^&6GW?P,TNW3XW^++.:2*Z^'^N_#P`_K8KPO]H+]I#X0_LN^#O#WC




M9U:Y`/Z):*_F&^*G[6/[5&O?`+_@J!^VKX'^
/COPO\`'+_@G]_P4!^('P2^
M$?[.:A9P?KQI\&/@UXF^%/A_2_@OXE^%\?AK4&\:^+OVO_``]XMU#Q%X+\



-_!EC\$_A7





$D-?\`VE?$GA_]GKPS\`8]

OVBI?\`@F)X2_:G


].\.O\

JGR+X?'WX4_M.?_2/C)\%?$5]XI^'FN:[X]\
6&KZGX2\
M9^!=2'B#X7_$'Q3\*_'ND:AX3^(/A[PKXOT:^\-^/_!?B?PY=PZQH-@T]QI4








M^*.A_P#[/#7AR'QEKOP4\4VNL_#_P
FF^#;B]338O&




#2/B3X(TK


M=M):K-*8H[B22*54]9K^4'PAXS_:]_9XO_VMOVF_@O\`M#QI\-M&_P]E]\

M#)?!&J^']%L;'P]J=OK_`(8\7(Q-?2G[%?[2'_!13]MG3/@;^T_H?[1'P!^$





MU8W


MYUZ^NO`E[/IOCJR\.Y*6/BN_\$:A:7UAXQL/#%YJ]YX6O--U6VUZ#3YM+U!+
M;TW1?VDO@3XB^)M]\'-%^*'A74/B38ZIXBT!O#
5ZZR7WB7P;IFD:WXV\*:'




/_B3\4O@]X'^)
MO@GQ?\4?@A#X+F^



M6@LQ!=75G!!=VDD_PG\!_P#E+?\`\%(/^S/_`/@F%_ZG'_!1BM3]FS_E))_P
M4W_[%/\`83_]5K\6*`/TJHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`\:
M\















M+&RM

M/1/BK^R+^R?\=O%^@?$'XW_LP_L\_&3Q[X4L&TKPOXW^*OP5^&WQ#\7^&]

M6:=]-T#Q+XN\-:QK.CV#SW%Q
UGIU[;6[2SS2&
O*Y:6+]DS]E:'X.ZE^SQ#
M^S/^S]%\`-9G%UK'P


M?_Q`\Z[-XE\/V_ASXKZMI-WK&MZ'-_P2:\%^)+7_@GU\$?VJ(/A=X.N/VJ


M$_!W@+XX_LS_`+/WQF\#?#M85^'_`(+^*_P9^'/Q$\)^!EM]-AT:!?!WASQ?
MX;UC1_#*P:/;P:5-%L[$1Z;!#8H%M8DB7E?CS^PY^R)^U_PZD_:&_9\^&O
MQ@D^$2S+\





?Q=LOV@_V);[XV^'M$^*7P












4






M;?QJ\


M\5^-]:CT'PMX?^'^B^'-0_:SX6?%JZ^*'BOXSZ=8^&H+/P3\

M'Q;I;;]*\6^#]0OK:74??BS2I/WFE^)_#MUIFNZ;)^\L=0@?YJP??[
/[.


+_`






U5]%'AE_$?A3P



O_``2/_P@-]::AK.

N(]0T.^T^]




/C_P##S7?A!KWPX\2?`+5OAY#-XLTV[\4^*_@G\4_#WQ-\-ZAK





IK[5]*^





MU?DO!?\`P54^*?QD_:&^%WPR^`_['4'C;X)?$3]E;]CW]N+5/V@_&O[27@[X

MAG5VN/%OA._N/#5AXC`/UE\!?#/X;_K2+SP_P#_P'W@CX;Z#J&KWGB_T


OA9IGC/3SI/C#
M3?AQXGETA];\#V'BO2B=
\26?AF^TNWUW3R;/5([JV)CK\[?`O\`P4P\7^)]


M;:Q\5BXU+6]0U'09=);2[T`_H!U;]EK]F37K/Q-I^N_LY_`C6K#QIXEM/&GC





?L0^
/GQ5U#]C/QC\9/VD/V=OVD/B'XY_9R\?_?PUXG
M\1?'GX0^#_#WA.4_!;7/%/C3Q%\3_%'[/?Q?USX5W'B;0?@C8ZWX!T;PKXPU





MOP6^&]UXQ\6^-?`3*_@;QAXF\3S^&I-;U[Q3X
=$;PGX@U6^N]6\.LJMH]W9
ME01:TW]E3]E[1K7PM8Z/^S=\!-*L?`WBB?QQX)L]-^#WP\L;7P?XTNFT9KGQ

M&'QG_9X_X6/9:S\2OV1;/XA?!RV^+4WA5/!GB3Q;^T+\'].T[5T^(GAVQCN/


MTGQ+X3O3JNJ&[\.ZS:7NCW/]I7_G6;_;+CS-C0?V3?V5_VGZ]I/AC]FC]G_
M`,.:5XJ\%^'OAOXGTS0?@U\.=(T_Q'\._*NGA3P%KUEI_ARWMM8\%^&$DD7



?$_P`/?A%\
+?XA_;]/B\
M'-\3/#%I<:=<W=[-/I.OZ?;7O@K7K#4M\4:E87`!]:WO[-?[.FH^!?#7POU






_#7[



M;M/$6C6V^G:W;:SJL&IVUS%J%VDWY]^/\`@I[\3?%?BW2O@EK'[&_C;P'^


:U;





O#_`(J\%^$[#P)X4\967@K0#XVT'P7IFG_V3I_A73O&D]C-


_9A_9J_:U3P7K?Q[_9Y^!O







MGUK.G?_PGJ9T[^W?&/Q$^$__*W_B+5-3OX]4M/!?@S2;G4X?&_Q9\6V&BZ



/AU\&O@##X

Z[JX!^E/QC_`&8/V=?V


'[S6-6^&EY
M=,US=^!+^\N/UQ<
TTVE/(2U?FO\1O^M6N_!70OVN/^%Z?LO:C\'O%_PR








/P`_




M`





MT2YN=(NO$



/AKP/X4M#
MI_AW08+NZEO+BVTG3P[Q6%H]U/-

?VQ*VO#0IK*33!XC$?B(6PUR&



:A
M_9=_IWA&7Q/XINO#-M/8-'H5]XK\5W^FUO?$^O3Z@[0/A'\//_Q#\;?%?0




&L^'?'7@CX3^*OB'K^J

MX(I-\








_%;XT:O\`




MUK&F^'?CCJU[XP^&OB2RETW6?!VGWFH:'&M_+J%QJY_;*B@#Q+5_A?XON_@!




UCQ-<^$?@GX#\#^%OAK\/8])UOXBK=:;X4TRSO=<^)UWXNO-1\
M87']'E%`'XX?$W_@D;;?$CS?C58_M)^,/A1_P4`'[14W[3.F_MF_3P1I6CC
M0/%UY\


_%_BXZ[=Z!
M#XH\0^(]8N[[5K'4?7;G]@GXJ7/[1G[$/[1%W^UYXI\0ZU^R-X-^/_A;Q?:^
M
OAIHVOZO^T%-^U'K/A77OC)/XAU^T\5:)8?#SP_!JG@3P7/\)?!_@?PO;Z1


MQ9XQ^*FNV_@;X9MXCTW3=2NH-(U*[U1/LC]A;]FY?V0/V.OV:_V9GU9_$.I_



/PS^/6MZ7I'[$WQ^^&W[0TGCKX

_P5^+.
MJ7D'P8O[^7X9VWP4\$?![X=Z1X;T^*3XQVJ^*9]:\


16VGO[IU-T_TW10


NKV_P`8[_XN^`/A1XN\;^*I_'(\):]_PJ;P

/$W

OC3HVOZYXUO4?'7[46J^'_'/BR/XX^/\`
M2)/AQHMMX#NIK3PGX8\&?\)#\0-3M_VHZ[XGM-5T']
J*`/PN\;^`?CM\2O









MXV\6M:^+]8T;Q3\-Y[5/%]C:WF@6OA[PQ;VG@^U_:ZB@#\E_B!_P3!\::UXL
MT7QS\

MFIP^._`MWX*^&WC_`

MCP_I.E?9O[./[.5S^S+^R/\`;]E3P=\5/%?B'_A2?P5T'X*^`?BKXNT/P9


$Y=&\):Q^SGXC\
?&KQMI?B'X-_M;?&#]M




_QM\2S^!/A

\+67B[Q[X)^(GQ$/C5U\


MM8_#GX.ZA\/M'\#?M)7?PM\)Z7X#L/'













MM1TKPEX?\2ZAX
\3?'/2/#UUK%UXMU_Q%K]KX/T6/PSX?U#19+_4M6N_U%HH
M`_`#X7?LZ_$C]IG]K[_@LAX/\2ZS\5_A9^RW\?\`XY?`?0O&/ASQM^R[X^\'
M+^T-\
_#W[&OP&^#'Q.TWX4_%[XI:+X8T&Z\#^
-=\!?$+X2_$2_\-^'/B$=

#[#P+I_BGPWXJE^/@
MS3;O1;B_T?3M%T#1](LM,L_[47Q/KGB_]J:*`/R<^,7_``2A\%_':T_;5'Q!
M^.7Q&N-<_;$N/V7_`!-;^+-%T'P5H7B/X&?$[]D*UTJ;X.?$CX:7ECIPOK$

M?Z`44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!


:


M:'X-_:B\6?'S]F#07\6?&CX:^$?V9_BCXB\1^&?C?\`/RZ;XCL++3=(FF\




?%WB.

MB&/2YK31KO2=?N?#WBUT'4]2N-#U6.T\T^$/_!77]EGXW^&?V?/'_@3PI^T
MW-\+?VH?'&F_#OX._%W5OV:/BMI7POUOQ/K/BBX\%Z1;ZWXRN-.E^#;'5_$
M]K/H^BZIXN?1=/UVZ0#1;C4$DB9P#]1:*_
SQ-_P5D_95TE_V@M6\&V?QC^-
M7PS_`&1M4UO0_P!JWXW?!7X6ZQXZ^$GP#USPM:#4_&.A^(/$$5Q8:M\1-;\!







M$/PZ_PZ'[._P`6?AW^TW\6?A[^S=^VGXH^'?[&WBC7_!W[2OB/2_A?\
;I






?QO^(/B+P/\3/BCI?PG^`OAC0/%_P`2[WX8


M0]2-KJ#^(H=&TS4[VYT

M




K_QA
MIM]H=N`?6U%?*/[27[8GPK_9D^'^K?$?Q)8^)_'^B^%OCA\%/@!X_L/A:?&
MO:]\-_'/Q\\3_#;PIX?QOIFO^+_``K_`&7IKWOQB^%^HZI!:SZAXDMO#WCC


M2_B7XMEGM_!WPR^&_A#1X+K6_&/CSQ9=6T\&B:!I5M+

M68![=17RA\//VN?GC3XV:3^SEXG^%_QN^#?QJUSX2^+OCCI/A#XH^=.&D:
ME\-?!/BWX?\`@C7=7TSXH?#SQ)\0O@[JVLV?B#XF^$H+_P`$Z3\0K[QUH-KJ
M
%_XH\-:#9WVDS:E]7T`%%

MGPSXB\9^





UO^S=9M[S3;4`^JJ*^9OVP/VJO`'[%7[/WC3]I'XH


'
M-'TVSU#%CIFHZO<VFJQZ<`?5M%%%`!1110`45X'\/?VB_!'Q*^.'[0/PT'2
MO&-GXQ_9NB^%




M


M3:/I5SJ$]C;RJVK-ITUUIT-Z`?3=%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

M#3[9(=$C^
_[3UWKG@K0+BVBMK1;/3=;^$/P+^$_C'2+;2[:XMO)\+_M
Q33

DOM%U.\T36;




%I'-JNNZKJ6K7









M:SXCU'0[G6-4TB71H8=(DTV]O)[-]










L?V6/V:DTCQ-/;_P#3:?:?!#X7+IWBZT
M:_FN+3^W;2'PP+;5I]*U0W$]O_:$=Q)8WYFEC\JX+M79^/OV=OV?OBO:^&K'
MXI?`OX.?$FR\%V4^F^#K/Q]\

M9%/:Z6EK!-'IU@DD;+9VXC`/YI/VW/\`@EO=?MU_%#_@HQ^T#^REXMTWX4_\


?V


CUOXT:;\OAK
M^TCK?PZG\,^+]*UGP_\`'XN6FGWO@3Q!K.H:EH-MX;M-2U2WU739;KPHNN2



MR22.

[$\WXJ^$WP9^*-SHFK^-_AI\




MUKGQ&^('P*T?Q?\`%#P]\%/A'!\

$/#R_$&;P\#&1H,OC,:</$<F
MC`PQ$:6^I&Q!BCQ!\BX`/@?]L+XC?$#P1^W5_P`$E_#'AOXH^*/_@CXN_'S

ZCHUG%




M3M(`?CI^U/X[USQQ^T=_P4:^&?Q5_:`^*?[-%A^SI^Q)\'/CC^R/X@^''QH\

MEZ!H6AZ$OAC3;7XM^*D\7^;?`#3/%_Q4_PE'_!
_XL_M%'Q_X5_:0\;_\`






ZU?Z%=?B_^P6]S\+_
M``/^RM\=/_[1WQA\,ZQ\1O^['[77[.VH?JV^-6HZ;\/'/P^^(_Q

MMO!?AN.RU95@1=4M(XM-5;;456VME%]$N0MO`!+B*
*`?SG_\`!-K]HSXI




%E:PV6N^
;73(O$6KVD5MING6\5OJ&HW$

M%A91*@CM8%CZG7/#?AWQ-!:6OB30-%\0VUAJ$&K6%OKFEV.K066J6J31VNI6





F^'/P]
M;1]0\.MX$\&MX?U;4VUK5-#;POHAT?4M9<P%]6U#3#8FRO-3<VUL6O[B2Z8


O@Y\`?`7B[]D']N

M`GQ-\/?'?1_A]JOQO\)_!_4/BO./VI$USX07WQ8&A2:GH_@'XA+X(TS]7_\`







MR7*/;
L\CL\H9F).OIFF:;HMA::5H^GV.DZ7I\6MAINF6EO86%E;1#$=O:6
M=K'%;VT$8X2*&-(T'J!0!_

GQ

M94^2#RUXK#^&/P(^!_P3_MO_`(4U\&OA3\)/^$F_LW_A)/\`A6/P\\(^`O\`




MO:=\!M-L/AEVW_!6=M2^&?[:'_!&K]K+XAR/'^QW^SS^TO\`';0_VB]6NK4W


^.?AYI?P







M6_FM\8NG20`_DZ\%?\%#?B!?_&GP1\2_V3OVG-8^*VM?M%?L'?\`!4+QW\.?

M'G]E;7[GP;\$_@A^T!\._B=K3?!VS^


MM_KT/]+5K\%O`EE\6-'^

MU_3='33](M-5




M&?PY^%W[/\_[0FK_``[\'7_[

M$^.]1^$^@ZY\1OWCT\:Y\/_$6K_&+X?0_CXDZ!X]NI!IWA'4?`GQ6D\#

M.\57PN=




M@;P+X.\%Z+JM]J.J:II'A/PQHGAW2]2U/6+FXO-7U&_L-'L;.TO+[5+N[NKK

M^\TOP)X


7_!97Q3\;K.]N_P!CSQ9X%U#X

_BI
M;77A.\LH_$EO\
?!B^+M2EU_]T_VI=?\
_L
_P#!-CX]^)+_`.-/[2-SH/PD

ZSK6AZUXFT_3O#VM




M`!UX-T2UM[7X:?[Q;XCU#Q!X8\,:;H)_P$?;^DRZ^$WPKO;6&QO?AI\/[N


M+3/VU\!_?X6?NQ&F?##X:^`/AQIH@2U&G^`_!OAWP?8BUBEEN([86GA[3=


UK^SO^R!_P`$






M+?LT:#_P52_:`^

_'WASP#K/[2Y_9^^+/P2M_@;K

MXV^`W@O1I=%T7Q=!XA^%



M_;\^

/[/



1&EOJ1L08H\0?

MOBDWC+0_C!HU_ID'B?2?B'X(^(?[1_Q-M/V:+;]F7QEH\7AO1O%'@CX(_!OP
MGX]MO&7A[0M0O=5G^(?@W^UO5/VB_#_A^V_X+$^/]4UCXG^/=.OK[_@CS\4=
M9\


MM8?%V[^/Q;_`.




MD\3Z3X7DM/#\3:!IOB.3Q!KTFO6&DFTM=8?6]7?4(KAM2O3-S/AG]BG]C;P5


M_P#L\_M(^'OA-\1M1\(:?X%^$O[0WQ9\27WB_0M


OK[0K?3I?Q_P#`/[6/QF\-^._V
M:?A[KVK_`+0_P^)&B?\%BO7[*G[3_P0^
/QOT+]HGP9HOA3XJ?\$\O&/QF
M\)?#OX9_'K4X;_Q-\3?A-XTU[PW\*OBK\/-9\=7ND_&#2O%/Q&U_P=K^GZ3#
M?:;X=A_H



++0?&/BK2(;JWTGQ-X


MMUU`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44



_'W@WPG:







M$'B?XIZ9X!UZ[U77/AMXV\



M`OV?OV5?BS^T)X/^$G[66G_LE_%CQ=X-\/\`QFM]4T3Q%I4VC:=\7/''A6Y@


M[WP#X#@U'Q;X^^
&L_&O7O%?@SQ

MK#XI:X_A'0-'^%?Q8^.&A^#=!\/_``ST[X?#XZ?&CXEZOIOP[T[P3X1^&OP:

M`^O[0O[!_[2'[1GC[PAK_CKQ=/XXT3QW\(OVE?@?\[PZ5JM]\'M(O9+'PW



M_P!ESQ/\
_VK/VCGN?V8_`GQ\^$-HGB73_@+XAF^(WP5^/GQ3\(?&C6/AAXO
MO[[X

_8I_;@\
1

MH?#OXO\`Q&OO'-SX&A\9^.-5^)7Q5UJV\2^&_!MCX0\*QW]]XK\2I=:QX
T;
MPW9_P!WPG_P5?\`CG\2/B?\`?@5X_9'\%K\6OB)\=OV[/V:/BY#XT_:$UK










:#'I$/BBWDUF;2[



MX_\`A#^R#XN_X)K_``[\#?&G]M#X$_MD^*/VH=

M@_M#^-K[QWJOCYTBT\.?#?Q]\7FTSQ_\4/'7Q9\*VOAWP_\0O&*^,O#5SII
MUOP'X;NO!&F:.`?JQ^SC\4?%7QG^'=U\2O$&B:#HWA_Q+X[^(;_6XT&\U:\








IWU]/I?PPT#1O`/
MAWQ_-X:\-V6JZOH/@GPE\2/B/\0_WA+2M2:;1]'M]<T[1-9TKTWXF_L:^#_
M`(I_M2^?VFO$/BO7;B/0OV:_C;^RCXT^#^H:/X5U?X;_$GX2?'/7_`WBKQ3
M9ZS]MT;_`(2?3M5.O_#KPJ\US9Z])I]]H]C+HQTJVCU'5;F_`/S]M?\`@L/\
M0(/@M\7/VC/$'['QDT_X'_#K]@/7?VW=$^(4+?%+1=&U[7='73=2A_9XUN[
M^+7[/7PDTVP\8WGA+7M*\9_\)S\.-2^





M'A7P5I'P*^'GQ-
8OO`GPW^(\'@RPUCQ/XD\.:1;:;H?PGU[]H;Q3XMM?#&C


MQ+X-\&Z?\






MX4_;YO/%?BS]H7Q9X.UGQS\
)-7^
MIXW\



M/E\1V/P]^)&LZGK4T'@_QGHWQ*U7PG-IFI^&_#EUI^K?#Z]\5:)#-J/BN'1-
M=O)/




MG\7/B#XN@\.3Z?\`$/X/^&;F+Q'^SH^G^-]9\9ZEXLTOP#?KJOA_P+_X*A?M


M_ASW\`8==^$OQ`T#XJ?'[X:_&#X7?'G]HO\`:)NOBE\(/%'@SP'JOC?QE^UH


M]MG1?@I\5(/%OAWQ#K&N:WILGP*^.WQ;TW3K&_TC7M)@TSPU*_PDNH]?AB@?
M6=2OY=`@@U&TT./Q!IVL[7P!^`FO^/OVW?B]^WU\:/V;?^%`_%+3/@W8?L8_

=!U






^`_'7






M7-WJ7B;6_$NH7#6\$EI`WXH_\%2?'GQT^-W_``3_P#A#3/VAM2^%OC;PG^

M/VE_BMJ'QK\1_#3QIK'@W4OAYX$^)'B*TM+;QQK_`
-[?1O`OA_Q=8?\)Y/I



]#






$_
M&FEZWIDFBZIX82W\<5[A\2?^0G[/GQ.\/?'_P`/:E\6?VF?#:?&S]J?0/VU


M#FC_``5M?@[I^E16




MOX=^`OC1XR_X9X^'FH^-/&GQ)^&OAGPU8:AXJM_`;?V!XKT+3M=N=3\
^E^+








7[1Q^$?[8_Q






M8_$[]I']IKXD^$O#?[3/PS_:T\-_!GQCJ?P-O_AQX9^+WPCT_08O`\WA;6+7






M/P^UCPPOA3Q1JVHS:9I'B&UUZ^T35KZVM=(^H/AE_P`$TOAI\.-'T33K[XW?

9M$^#?AS

V6NZSJZ:MX]/C.'X2_\$ROA9\(
M;K]F&33/C+\?O$]A^RO^QGXW_8-\)Z-XKO\`X

M/@KX8UB?Q1X=A^$GPPM/#_B;P-JO@.Z:#P79OXAA\076M^+KGQ$`?(/P#_;K



Z;XI\'MXHN_$%

MJ6EZE\*/'7AWX?\`A6+X?^-;OPY^SAX6\1:CHW@O0OA?X*LO!VH^'M=\+^*(

M@KXD^(GPUU7X2^%1\?Y_BK=_&CX4C2/^%.V_B7Q)\+OB-=?&'Q;)K\?C3Q9X

M_C']KCX&^



/!OQG^#/QNUK]MSX*:9XW^
M$'Q@^&WQD\-Z+XS^$7CKPI;7%QX&T_Q^+.+P]\1=#U_Q5?:$;?2(M8TF/]7]




`\
M!_!;]D7XG?&3P+H_[;%W^QYX^^(/AJT^
$/_``@UCX4\5W'PV^*WQQO]3'[/


MQU/8\.?\$W]

MX







?#/PT^(&L^

M/@WX1T[X$


TWQ$_@K5_$=_X1TS5

WCSP




















;


M
?!^E:]X=T_7_AXT\O
?$?\`9T_:*\=__P9X]\?\$B]2^`?Q
US]M__@FM

M%-X&^!NBIXZ?QKJ^LZ[XDN/$_A+P'X=FLYZ`/U_E_PD'[$T/A?P-XZ;X]:





EF8]0\/




MZGIEYX5^'6D7FN7FFZSJ6L@'[D:1\5_!NNWWQ7TW29/$]Y??!378O#7Q`ME^


^C?%S]G

MKOC!OA=X@B\/?$OPUXA\(1_J?^Q9\//BG\.OV;/AI;?'W4-/UC]HKQEI`^)O





MA\+]7\+V7B.TTCQQHITA/#M[JUII6OZIJ^J2:79_L]\-?AS=_##]B/XC:!??
ML_?`W]EJZU#P/\;/$[_`?]GO3M#M?`7@!?$=CXEU*&RO-5\
Z#X4\.^*O'&I
M02QZWX\\2Z%X6T/2+SQ3J6I66GKK5KI\7BC70#(^!?\`P53_`&`_VDO$FG^%






_Q3^+
MW[_AKX-_!K0-T3P%XQ\9^

]3TZ3PWX-\-VWA









MAGX^^.?^%I_M8Q?L;7&A^$/@#\6M2\1?#/XQ:?K]MI7C#2/BCH
/A&76O#=S
$O#NL

M\4^'KJ1+M]3\77!O?%UQ;^)[E+2RDM_#Z^*OU%_X*2_!?XV_&W]G_P%@^O

MUEJNH:+X9U&WT;4/$%OI-C
Z*]PL$[Q64H!\AZ=_P5L^'?P/_;$_;\^&G[7'

6WPG^




WQ$N]-\-^!_!5CXBT
MW2M2U&SLPMQ'TO\`P4H^#'QP^+7@/]FKQ#\`/`NB_$_QK^SW^VG^SY^T9J/P


MYIM2-C87OYP_M&_LB_MB?$:R_PI$&B_LU:CJ\W[3W[=/\`P37^.GPDM8?B
MA\$SIGB?X?\`[)W_``Q['\5[O4+C7?'^B7&B1WT?[*?B;_A$K+7M*LM7UM/'
M_@%-3T71


MN37/@)\76^)O[3US\


M3/T8_P@/PT^*?Q3_9O71_@MX1L/B!\2/!?[0W[%WQVT3P+J/BG3/!
7C*Q
M_9H_;-^`7[17BGPM:^*M:BFT?1-6U[PE\+==TO0KW5E735UJZT^.^FM[626X



?ASXF\-^

MI_Q9^
7P7_9VU#0/!]OX3^#GQ)^*FG7^OQ^/M9\+^





UCX=_'/]FCX9:K

++X%:GXH\//\`&



MXDP?%GXB_%#3]#D\0:U%H_A_6]0U/Q5#XDUM;SQ#/X6\


MQQX1N=:QOVY_C99?`?X/^$O%=[\;M4_9\3Q!^T!^SQ\/8OB'I_P(U_X_P7#^


SQ5^QM\=#^V;^T7X@U3_@GC^QY^U1\&_P!L/XB_!GX\Z/\`'_\`


M/CO4/CK^RG\0/LGBGQA#X)T6U\/?`;]IOX3?M!^(GGUB72M:D:[U;3/A7+X6
MTJVM].F8:MX@L;VY

M[U+2/AI\1-3^&^F?&S0_@2/VFM7^%&L?%2R\
S_#_2/&EA\#)+?QY+8ZEXAM
M;.6.=O#-K?S^



M\'?[QY?:YX^TCPY\6OVP)OV#O#LVJ_SQU:W^D_M2P_$;6?A+_PK7QEI`T:

\`VW[2GP4_;)

'5CD\.)JVC2Z@?%YL+Z`1]
M1K/[$O[9M[\1/B#X@B^$W@0Z5XA_X+<?#_@HEI=POQBTHR2_`;P)\#?A9\&




M4=:GU@Z=%J?0:/\`\%#/V:?B7\-/`WBWX3^

MB1XR^

M^+7P]^/QT^)&M^(OA9^U%^SQ_P4,_:$^)OQN\0ZAXNLM0^FHZ3\#/C3\'X

M_P!F+]D74[76_P!GWXD?LT?&K]D_X5?%.?X(?#KX#6?C#XX6'QB^'GQ\?$
M.Y^$

/`O@*[3['X2M`#Z[_X)$_M


MR\8:M^RM)X/?1K_2O$GBGQAXDU
^*_#/CWX4ZU)\((;_`%[QQ_7)0`452U+3
M=.UK3M0T?6-/LM6TC5K*ZTW5-+U*U@O].U+3KZ2UOM/UQNHY;:\LKRVEEM

MFW_@;Q#IOAKX8







76



M



LO@/\`_B7XG\`_LG






MHZLT


MV']J^%?$.A^)M+$\EJ=2\/ZM8:S8YA--;_`&S3KBYM_/B62
R0^9YB1R
M@

O#%YJL-S+I\OA



L
'B3X@^!_#\]Q]J




O[4?[$L'QB_:#^6C1'X1:+\0].T5-*M_BE9^`



&J22
M-';VT
UQ.X4K%!%+-(5CC9A_)W_P:=?L]_!;XT?\$F?`FL_%3X;^%/'5]\+/
MVZ_B_P#%'P7_`



M_CZ_;'_X)Y_'O_@JI9?LZ?M`:#XWU;X+?\%./@%_P2E_89_:;^$?BKP_JQ\*


WQT^
M%/@CX(Z=\0]?T_QG\%M&\2MK'A+QCX+U#PI\2_$7B+QO\#9-*TWQ-XL\2WNE

\








M#F?QK^PI^SC^RO\`M

M^%'C_5?@S\.M9_9:US5U^$




$O



M`&?M3^.'P\\


MFF:SIP!^N-C\2?AUJGCK7?A?IGC[P5J/Q
\+Z/IOB+Q-\.['Q3H5WXZ\.^']


M/5_VK/\`@JK^TA\.?A[!\=/A))\']8T;PW^S_P#\$^OCMK7P&T'P+XT^)WC&


:*_(K_@G]KG[1][^VU_P5Q\)?&GX\P_&#PA\-?VE_



U;P[J_C;QE

M%?P0%I/I=MH%SX+^%7C[4_&FM7%W%X5U;6%`/VO^(?Q3^&/PCT?3O$/Q7^(_


MOWOPJ^.7QRTO]N7]BW]F3X6?&#X+_0_JSUKP3^UU\)_$7QBNI=1^%'Q1^.


M/VFO^LG@FU_9+\'^+3^S/\`!CQ?\=/^B/Q8_9*?5?'?PT;XN^)]8^#FO\`



M


M^T[\2/@Q_P`$K?`GCK]HOP3\2/VH+/\`X.$OVO-.^'OQS\??!35#ING^'?V8







MLWUE)XG\9:EH_A[7]6T_PQHBWVMWFF:'K%_;6
EKIE[+!^6'[
7[17[9'[9?







WBT`_7NBOYW-)_;_\`V[_VJ]!^`?C/]F?Q5^S9\!O'Q[_`.5
M&M_MR6UI\4?@CX\^
/B[PG\7/!OB[X9:5XK\#F]T;XZ?#W0=8\$ZQ%XT.E^$


M?['D^IZ#X@LK3Q1'



\-?\$XO#O@[4/@'\367Q9X#^)OQ4^&WP8\-

UZ]TC0K+5_\`A*(/#VK2G7-$B\2Z?H/A(`_I









ME9VDRZSX:\-Z7ZW_`





J;OS!_;!\7_M
M-Z3_`


Z[\#1^R'\2_^#B[]NW]EWXD?B^^&OBYOBGI]O\
M1OB+XVN].^*GA'XFZ1XYMO#FD0^=;\
:%I4/PQ_X53JD&H^&7U[4O\`A
#J


_#WQ7G^

MDTOPYKFBZY:7-SKEM^N.K:3I6O:9?Z+KFF:?K.C:K:3V&IZ3JUE;:CIFI6-S

L;
DB




LS0^'_A]X.TZS^+F

2V^I0ZG9WM?CQ\<_^NWQK_9Z\%_M*7_Q\.?=O'?[(G



MW\


M^P%_P3V^#O\`P3B^&GC3X0_`GQA\6O$/@+QM\1-9^*MYI'Q5\0^%_%-QI/CG
_V4-)^
M,O[:7QH\57WQ+^*VI?\`!0+PH_@O]J+P3\3+_P'NK_#SQQH-M;_`&'PW#I^

O'&F^-_`]W#(FC:CX<O/#]EIND67V)\&_VQ_@Y\
M:OBMXP^!6D1_$#P+\:?!7P^\'?%S4_A;\7OAUXJ^%_C:^^%'CW4]:T+PS\1]


VH^!Y;KX2?





M4-*TS5M+`/M5_P#@E=\+[+]M[XG_`/!0WP?\?_VE?`'[4'Q9^'Y^$GB?Q7X:
MU#X#:AX?B^%



M?2=!T;P]:P07$EU[)X._X*5_LI^--.^-EY;Z_P#$7PQJ?P%U3X0:7XO\'?$3
MX

MWC&WG\*G2;37D^P'W+]GO]J'X2?M-6?Q'/PVU#7;?Q%\'/B1K7PD^+?@+QIX
M:UCP7X^^''C_`$2UL-4;1?$_AC7;:VO(;?6-`U?1O$_AC7]/;4/#GBCPYK%A





7A#]H;X6ZC\)?BQ\!_A'\1

]YIWB


M@UG5?*L_




M_B!\.?'_`

-+^'
?CKQ-:R2:7XA\3ZIH\LFGOZ;\//V7OA7X!^$'CW



MS_\`!)[]D+X[?#']D#X-^--*^(]I\./V$E^&LW[





/$NNZC

MT-CPN_M9^Q'_P`$[OV=?^?'AGXH^#/V;Q\2M*\+?&/Q_J?Q6\=Z-XS^)GB








MGPYH5@;F[O38Z-H=A;Z9I=F;S4+BZO[LVUC:P0FYO;JYNYRGFW-Q-
[R-X!X




?B19_K5?AY\6_`GQJTKQ-J?A;Q'\)/B1\%
MOBQ\8?`7C&/29/.L:9XSTA?$=AXC\)W[:/)JFC1Z7XB\/ZEJ8!ROQ2_X)G?

MXM:W'X+\2^&=:^-/[




O



MX6^/O$GP&@M[&VE^GQ4\9_#'Q9X0U_XH?^^CT^

%+/PK\(





M=!T?PGX0\0ZM?ZKEDL4P!\67/\`P1O_`&-4\
_&3PEXC\!_%_Q5HW[1'PL
M^$_P=^/1\0_M8?M6WFK_`!B\&?!35+W5?A\GQ#\1P?&BU\0^)=9TAK^XTDZY
NZF_C?Q)XIET/PI=^)O%_BV\


M5-7^*NG?33_``K\:-)T7X=^?'&O:UJVN^)?AWX9TNP\!Z]?ZEJ



MO:?X0;PQXS\0^

_GG^]


MOV5OB/XP\


^A_L




M)9H-K;Z1KOV.2/\`M&PACMKC?&@6O!/$'[8'AS0OV
?C'^V7JWP\^)W@'P]\

MX0U[4;6/XN:E)X^MO#=_JUQX6L_$-CH5U::)GAOP]%I?+^.?^9/[$?Q.G_







ML]5U?X?^*[:S\8^`=0\




MY?AOX3^*^DR_LY+\:(?@F+O]IS]IK4]/^'UA^T!$L'Q0T?1?#][\79?#1T36




/`


MP\^$M[X9^(_C;QEX@^)'B&RM?BA\8+KX3R?$KQ4;-_$?Q+TK]GW4?']Y\`O#

M6C?#KQ_HO@SX;?M%)^U;X`\
Z-^TC^TYI.C^#?CA#?WNJ6OB#PY9:=\8[:+2

M;WW@WQ=\?_'GP^_87\!_'#7?#-AKOA^R\4^/];TSX*Z%XN\2:KJGB#QEKFAZ


M?[+GA[X@Z[X[TSPAXCCTSQ%\96_:/U+X13^/_&MW\!#^T
U]:ZP?C7;?!:ZU
MN7P!:^.1XDL[?QS&\.C+H$/Q/B@^+L&A1_%6TLO&EMSUY_P3$_8SOO#7BSPC
M/X%^)B:#XV_:FLOVU?$5M:?M/?M3Z?=S_M.Z;X@L?%NG?%+3M7L/C3;:QX?N













MV4_B=IWPR^'_`.T!X?\`C#\.?#$7Q`\6Z'KG_1?%.T^UGX?L/AC=:;\1[7
MX@+\99OA]K&@ZSHFC:/XHO\`QYJUAX.G`/HV]_81_9;N?%6F^
;'X?:UX3U/
M0_V:]2_9!\.Z7\._BK\8/ACX*\+_`+.NK36D]W\.O?PX^'?C[PQ\/OB1R:












?Q1^$?A75];BTZYL(=)\)Z5XFOO&&NW%ZUQI/
MA^[TC2/$6J:
`?.WC'_@CW^Q!XY\6?$3Q?K&@?'&PNOB;\8_AK^T/X@T3PE^
MU;^TUX%\(67Q]^&%WX*NM(^.GAKPEX





M0OA?JVGW6OZ9#H_BGP[KEUX`\1^'I/$_@GQAIMK8V/BOPCKIOM&UZQLTTZ_M
MY=.N=1M+WPRP_P6_[$VEZ?9:9I_P`-_']I9V'[6NK_`+=-NL7[2?[3PN&_


^'F





^/OB7\3OCI^TK^TG_P`%!_@I\.?BCK/@32(=
M+\87G[











M#Z+\1K:^TV+PCXI\71Z5=?&3PKX
T3QI\0_&
GBA[OPYH&H:9H0T&%W_``^)
M_8ZD\5:[X#M-






M=&^*W[6GA+]L_P`0R:1J7P?M+ZQ^
7@)_,_@V+19[CX,WD5OX0T[^'OP_O

MB@`HHHH`****`.+^)'AR^\8?#OQ[X2TR6U@U+Q3X+\4^'-/GOGFBL8;[6]#O
MM


M'CRYAU'P5H/]IVL-MXTU3P3^O/[07QQ\!?LR_`KXP_M$_%*[N[+X=?`_P&

MU8Z;%



M:^(-/UZ37Y=;L+3PC+X3M+#49O&.F?O510!_/)^U_P#\$O?VM_VK?C)^V!\2

M_8D^#?Q-^#_PYU^W^+?PI_9!^OC'Q-XDBU2X^'?[%?AC5-)^%&E6EEHFEZ4
MM]?^)_$'@OX=^(?'7BG6;^VU'4KG5;_P/X9MM#T6?0_-G::M+H5[XL\2=3^
MT-^U1X



_@+3M

TSQ?K\_BJ?4_%&E17

)?$VC^-)?A













M:^)/ASX`\1?$KP1:?#/XC:]X*\*ZUX_^&]AXKM/'EC\/_&NJ:%87WBKP19^.

L(;Q+6(`_%+X&_\$NOCM\/?





$]/VK_``S\




UJRAU/1M2L-6TVX
PM]0TR\M[^RG-O/);3B

MY?\`Q*^




MTR*WTZ*YMK.6_GDO;B!(K*.[O+2UDNIL7-U;0-()9XE8`^$OC+^S%\?_%/

M2]U;2K/6=*N]4MK&SU.XTVUUTN-0@TW4#*+#4)K.*9[B*QOC#

M
R







NK178@D2!U/P)\5O^:GQY^(&J_\%A?$UA\4/A%8^(?^H?
M[*GP7_9JT6*[T'QD=%^%3?#7X/\`Q6^#7BCQ3JD4-W)?:\/%NE?&+Q#XDT#3



W@;2OV5]/_:-\

MU\-6\7AB[\

M/ASXY^#7Q-^''CZ'P[-%XCTG2O&'PT^)'B:UT_Q1X?2\U7PYKUOI=['INH6C
M7EJ_UY\2_B9\/?@UX`\7?%3XK^




5
MEI5]JVAVMY+J]G\8^!/^G=S'\4_V'/AE\?O@-)\*X/^BO@*_\`&7[
OC[P
M!\3H/B]X









M



USX:CX=_N?Q9X5T]/UM



M)CN[B%Y?M&HW=K80;%;S;VYM[6/=/-'&P!^.GP:_X)^?MO?L_?%7Q%XV^#_[
M7WP;\(^#_P!I+PU\$M1_:Z\#ZA^S[XB\8/H'QM^&7PG\)_!GQ;\6/V0=5U;X

_L\?









MGQ%\

MVLWFG:'XG\'67Q'\.^&FN/AG=V&EW-_I.D75OJ'BNZAUJ6SL.F^.?_!-7XK_







S:I);7$\(TA;R+3

MBOU1T[QAX2UC6=3\.Z1XI\.:IX@T7?\`VSH6G:WIE]K.D^7*L$G]IZ9;74M[


_@_0+K5?&WA2X\$:SXX\2/X&


















M$W;4O#^H6UYXBTSQQ-IZZGH[VD5\G=?\%OVLO%/[$G[-\_[0OAOX9Z!\5;











$WQ+\8VOBOX._\%#/V



M`=]X%;Q+J4DILDU[Q&8;V36]4N[E[9];UA[FZNY8Y+N60?0U%`'\\7PL_8H_
MX*H:CXD_X)^0_%2[_8V^'.F?L%_!;]H?X`6_Q1^&WQ
^*WB[Q]X^O/'/P%T?

_\`@DU^T7_P3S^


MCP0GC#1?$%KK'@[^G^OFJ+]H74U_:X/[+&H_!OX@Z9IU]\!M7^.?A?X[2W?A

MIQZEJ_Q_U#QS\.OB['=2:@G[



MAGX)32=$\3_#CXBZ+'HWPZTU_AV=4^*GA+1OA-XYU[5;I=&^)/A?PS#H_C;]


OQG^/GBKX6Z[\.-%^`_C

M^'/C_P`4^`/`5W\5?'?AOP5XJU_P5\+[#Q%H/A^^)'BW1]O]1\-^`K/Q9X

MXBL/AYJU_I.B?%T?#O0/B5XD^&

M7?#VFZRJ06FN7F@ZL^FK(EC=BW]$H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`/
_C5:W-[\&_BU965O/=WEW\



M@Q?%+P+X6\:^&O$'C+X:R^*EU=_#$?C_`

:3J=WK?@V3Q&GA_7GT%/$5CIS






M[C-\;?&KX0_#;Q?\

M'3/[9U[3O`_A^[NHM6\33Z%I31:AK9TFTNHM(M;BTEU&2V6\M?.`/FF#]LGP
-O$?AG\%OV0/!/@W
MQA:_\$V/$.F^_'OA7XH^$_V9OVE_AC_`
%SK+6--\9Z'\1O%.E6?[
^K^$_





T;13IT^C_``MM+32+

MVA/@9HO_``OCPU\


UIK?@#6?@IXS^



M!M;V;4]%O_#?B*QU.VM;S0M5AM`#X5_X*WZG\8(/V+]!\6^#/AMX^\=^$/#_
M`
=OV9?&G[6GP1^'FFMXL^)7CW]DW1OBIX7U?]H?X::)HWAL:H_B^&[\
Q-;
.O%S<S:!XAOS+^<OC'P3\(]TW]CGXL?LP?L[?&]O^
M8FF_P#!1KXD?&3]IKX1^(O@Q\:=+TW4Y/BG\`_%'@[P?\8/G[+'C[POI_Q
M-\'?LP?!7]IC5](\6ZM\/C\)-'\*:3X\TZX^

MJ&D7TFE:YIFI:-J26MY*UCJVGWVG70BO+2XACZ^@#^37XP?LH6'B'P9\$$UG

M@KK5[IW@OXC?`W6O#W@7PWK7[*GCS4_%WQ+UGP1XA^&.HZ/X4\
?'/3O!/C3
MPCXJT;Q;IOAP:G_49XK\6^%?`?AK7/&?CGQ-X?\`!G@_PQIMUK/B3Q7XKUG3
'3['Q/<6/@W



M\/\`A[P59IH?B/X;Z=K'
_L'_P#!._X)V?@__@D#:^.?V#/&&FW%QIO[?'@G
M]J:R^)W[*/QATP:S\


M]A`/X]+;PU-HW['O[(/[+/Q:_9&_::N?#2?#S_@LIX!^&5QXY_9-_:;^-9^'
MVAS?M$ZYIG[

%/%_\`;O\`PBOB



M[/OQ





MCO@[\8_A?^T#\-?OQB^_C;0_B/\

MTZXDCA::&'4].OK-G


MLW?M)?$SX

M?V0_A2/AG_P6AUN?X(_M&^)?C]\&?@?^P!KW[
GCWXJZ5\5?'OQX'[5?@G]F
M'2?#

?$;PUX#;P3IWPI\;_






\&^/_`-CSXW_%[X&^&O\`@DEHGPQ^'?Q$_;'_

=&\/_`+&_Q[L;/X8_L]Z[XG\2^(M9^(?@C1M)



M?A*2W\3?\%+?V:?'&L_LD?';X=RZ#_P4R_X*


(_AWJ7P2^$?[
=CH'[+/[4^D_#
M3X!_MK_\%.?`'[7?@C]EW]A33_''Q
\



7B_7VUKPMXVU;3)
M=-BUO6K;0=7BL/H7]B?X2:IX5/\`P0KW_LO_`+27A#4/V=_VS_\`@JGX8FOO


'P!U





M8_8\^`_C']E.XM?V=OCC^S3XJ\976C_LC?$CP1K_`(4_9Q^+6I?#KP5J_@;X
MBKX4\1^$?A]K.G?ZXB^+OANYTG1=$M?\_BGP)H6DZ7_4510!_%/9:9\5-7

MB_X?_;%_9Z^&FE_$#PCHS1^*?%7P
M-#^&-IH_C'7S\1_P!H/PGI]]H'P[T_

M^-FD_%;]D?XK:#XTU#2O!/QM^#OA']HCQOX5_9$U_P`(:SXV\

/A.7Q!\/;[P8?%_AOP







M!7AN_7X-:WX/TS4OB/\`']KG4[NYM#/=^+/#GPZL?B?X\/WNLW=MI;_$GP




7]C/4OA#^T;X

MGZWXKUZWU31?$USIFK_WB_]EW_`.$+_PC7[0.K?L7?'/5_VK-$_X.!_A
M/\9OV6?BA8_LB_'G7/B_I?P/L?C7^QYKOBWXG?#5--^&MWXDE^$M]X^'GQ



MMXZ-^W5\)O\`@H?\8_C%\
?%?PP^`_@32/@7\1?V5/$\WB&U^&=UK/[8
7P!

*O%'AGPW<:];:QHCS?VU+9QWRP?;GA_)3]H
M?]E;5?&WA+_@O1X?_9Z^&'QV_:B^`_QG_8D^%OQ/TGXT?M$^`_BOXQ^
6N_M
*=$\
M5)_PA_Q'\.?\3GPY_:\FAIH/B#['_P`A?PMJFMZ%<?Z)JD]=C\,OAQX1^$'P
M\\%_WP%I]QI?@WP!X;TGPKX=L[[5-4U[4QIFC6<5G!<ZSXAUV\U'7_$FNWW





MP4S\;?&;P?8_K]GZWTW4?B]^R9KGCSQ+-\'6U']IC6?!G]C7G[5M^S%XAT





M/\+M^`'_!0'Q99^,-*\=??5_\`@E_\8?BUH'[?WPZUOXH?LX_%_P`+ZAXE




MO$LNDZI'H6F_:=4?3KU;4VTO\T_Q4_X+#?MK_#7X9_M5:_I/AG]FGQ_K?PU_
MX)N^%_\`@H)\'O'4_P`%_C_\
/A7J0C^(P\&_$#X=P:=XK^+VI^
_COX+33)



MQ@?^S_`5EI'PXU;Q-;ZYH6;_`

Z?:/KVM0?&K_@I3^V=\!O&?_!43XE^






MU5OV@?7Q`T_XHZ?86_PRO+OP`OA;P]XPL/&GZ!


M6\

MX;PY+:ZA-\]^-_C]\6OVQ?%/_!&?]K27Q#\/]+^`WQ*_X*K_`!-T+P9\(K/P
O^$OWA?53:_#O7/$?Q%_4[P?_`

/@MXR\$I\;/#]S^S_\`
M'/XT_M&?##0/^&B/C1KW@_0?BG^T')XE'Q7U*'POXJ\9Z]I5OH7BBR\9^
]/


MXLUZ;Q_H^A^&[70/&2W\VFZ]I=[H;R:4X!T7[4_QB^(_P]_;3_X)B?#C1++X
M6ZE\-?C[\9_VAO!GCC_A)_`=[K7Q-\/ZMX*_8X^/?Q4\+Z_\
O'1\56^D^#$

M?Q`_9=U7X??%#_@IM^V/_P`$P_%/A?X:?`/Q[X1\3V_B#X
V7[6
G@C]H+PU
MXN\5_';Q_8:7I]CJ?[.-C;3_``AU?PIXEDOM
U2_GO\`XG75[JEI'X6_;CXJ
M_LO_``9^-7Q/^`GQD^(FB^+-1^(7[
GBK7O&WP4U?0OBM\6?`NF^%?$_BCP_


M^0?[&/[5?[7/@G]G#]C_`.$












MQ2OOCCH
LGQ#^*^G?$[3/C3JOB75O&&M_%VW^.^C^.M/^.G_``LWQ#XAU[6[
M_P`2^.Y/B

M`(IN_B+2[!=.LM(*W.O#^CK4_@7\
-1^A_9WM]!O__P@7P+9?#.S\+_#WQ
M9XQ^&-WHW@;3M
M]&LO#_ASQ;\.O$'A?QIX9M[?2;6'34N?#WB'3+_[$)+=K


ME_%O3+SQ/%I^@_`V+3==L_BG#^RY\21+X5@\!+^T=X1\-_'Z.UB.OZS=1V6M





ME3]GSQ=\1=0^*WB+X8Z)J7C;6M3^&VN^);QKK6;?1/&7B'X-WUWJ?PD\2^//
M!MGJ=OX

M'Q#J'P=_X+!_LD:?X29+;1/VUOV4/VJ_#'QIT57MK:RU?Q!^R-KOP+\8?!;Q
M^;:*(75[XIT+1_C5\4?`MUJ


M8:$TZ

X(!^!'P6_;^_:U^/7[)'Q.^)'A


-]`\#^)[+
MQ?\``;X(WO[.7PB\22?&/XV7VL^!_@WJ.E0Z-?\`A#2[_4?B+=SS27ME9Z4U
MUXEU%[WQ=/J'A[PMK$NO-J_A3PW?:6`?-'_!#S_E$+_P3J_[-3^%7_IABK\K
M/V./C1^VO^RA\(O^?WQ);XE?#WXO_LG?M_M7_'?]F37/V6O#?P.O-&^+O@
MW_A*OBK^U3XQ\,?%/P)\4H/'?B36/B-XLT*_\`76H^.OESX1T7P_=^!JZ
M)I6C7NEW?BI?Z5/@I\%OAG^SK\*O!'P1^#7AA/!?PM^&^C)X=\#^$H=5US6K
M7PYH

]6^(5[?ZAX]U
M/X+?CQ]X^\3_[X&7_C2ZU;6'\57?P=\'^!Y]?BUK6[;5)+JVUG5(;L`^*O
MV!/C5^W/\=$_9B_:;^(OQ(_9JUS]EG]L']GG2?B=_P`*U3QM+_PM+X:?$[Q=

M`NQ%XA\)-+\;_C7^W4W_``4JC_9N^#GQ;^!OA+X%Z#^RMX1_:TUS0_$/[-7C

VD:''
W6K^\OY@#\2/@;^U







O[?W_!3K]K_`
+?\$Y-#\#?&/\`94^%





\)7/[98\(?#4_LD:%

M-IO[1_[

M]/UN[\
ZK)\4O%?CWQ#JM]HNG:Q:WGA=YM6T.7]./A__`
$[?V
_A7^T=\1O
MVL?A]\$-)\


UZ)0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
DD2)'EE=(XHT:2221@B1H@
M+.[NQJBJS


C


M:!^U?^Q1\




M^



MP]X



MNGZM%J-N`?NUI?\`P43^($_P_P#@QX\E_9&\8^
-._:
^$'Q-^+_`




MU_S;_85_8-\0?\$^_P#@J7^S]HG_``3`_:
^-7Q
_P=_Q^T/XU^
_VM?V8

MEGI/A^]LO'4WBS07U_Q)H/L*:7XFD_X.MY?BNO@3XECX40_\$_1\#G^*[_##
MXA1_YOBP==B\2CP3%\1I/#*^[C5?[*E3
D&N26*ZF)=!-V-=AFTV
`_;G]




C\#O@Y\??V.










M?'O@;P[K_A7PF]NE]X5N+;3_`-=?^P7_!%;P%\?_P#@F;^U#\.?V#_AREM^
MT%\5_B[X)_:ZU&\USQUXG\7^-_VD/B)X4N=16YT3QA\5OC+XJ\2^*;J6?P1X
MM\7+\.=)U?Q19^&/#VOOIFB:=%X:T/5=5FC`/I[Q]_P6`U_]FOX7_LJ?M(?M
MK_LNQ_L\_LO_`+6_BSP'X)\.?$70?C3)\3_'7P-USXK^'[CQ=\.;C]I_X;WO
MPB^'&C?#K0+WPU8:I-XPU?P)\2?BT_@C6;'^Q;ZQOFG2\?'+_@MM\)/V6?^

M\%9?^;O['[#GP!^!/QN\)?'#XG_%;]G_5?CWI_Q7^$OQ&^'NC_`+'GA'X9





GP[_8





M+=#M=*U:S6UOM9N;Y+SP5<:HUC<7-I[G^S3^S[\?_A?_`,%$?^S/Q`_9U_9




M3;&^T/2/#EO#X4\1^(O$_B;6;30!I^DW]UI

M^'OV$_AMIOAW]D[]O?4OV%_CYK?A_P#;`\4^

MS]C_`
A\
6]_K$T4V%SGC7_!NAX+^)7PM




)/A+/\`LW1?
M$SP%K/@'P'\9_%7PW\



MJ?B3X





?Q]\+ZQ\./A#XN^+?_!1#Q-X=

M`!-^&T?BC6/!#_$'P.GC3P]H[^(=?\(/XLT%?%&AZ!%;VMW)KFL:`;\:MIFC

M;?P#X[\+^

MC_FQ_8O^%5E_PL[PY\
/VTOV7_\`@H/XD_:K_9N_;!_;+^

MWB71_BSXZ^
GBK5/BQX$^

M^*(]+^'-W\
=0B\*6

NKVUU^T3KOQF\0?`/P;\
OAA\4AX:\%^+O#_`
6(




^
%\0^&M)`/J/PS\??@3XU\2:7X-\&_&KX2^+


M\U72[36M9T


MBP^-7Q\=_MG?[P5^R#^TEJZZO^S?\`L7ZQX
^)WP&_9U\0?'.W_:EB^%W[








MU


^



M'#?._A@QV]A?W$@UL6)2&RNY6Q';3
ESPCXW\%_$#21K_@/Q?X7\;:$;A[0:

M1^TE^V'H?@7]C_\`:J^%W[*_[0G_``2J_8NTR34OV4?V+/C7\-]9LOB!IG[3



L5Q)J=O:I#(P21E8@4OA_XG_#7Q9K


M&WX.?;5_AGXN^'VG:=-\+VDMI\6(M6L]7NO&%]K5[J6D:KI5UX:T6+35O=
M4]C^&_[3'@KQ?X5^('Q'\4ZYX0^'_P`-=#^.7Q%^#?@;Q9XI\3Z=H-CXLE^%





M`
%1=#O$^
G[



MK^(%GX;NO#OV7['XH?L^?!/_`()6^+/C3^R)^UG\4?V6O`'P._X*#?LO?%GX



MI#2/A#\4O^'GQS_`&,?@;\,OA-\(?B!^T'J7@7Q;H?CO5-5^&'P1^*-_P`




M^%M9^&?AW6/VN_'?Q!_:`U9/B9H/ASPGH_QABNK7PIXBUY)K&;XH^#QX\`/Z


M\


MNM?M-_L__'OP-^QGXX^%7B+QGXW^`/A[X;?\)5XJ^(OC[QSXG^(WPVT7XR_M
M`?CXK_GP;#XHNOB'%I&H)XD\#^
K?R+]C?X














G\I&J:'\6?`WP-^+UYX1_9#_:._;&_9SUO]B;X

M[\(9Y[_QA\8]:\$?#N[UOXDR^&OV:+OPHGQ`N_#_`(WT'5_$L_Q1TQ/%O@3_


M_P!OG]K:U_8P_96^.WQYTRU^&_BSQ_\`KX/_$7XL^$?A3\0/BE:_QOB3:?

MB+2^Y_;(^/.N?LL?LH_M&?M

M_A7X
UGQSK^CVOBRR\%_$32M5O='T*]M]':7PM?6DVIR6L%[-86LDM[!_/G
M_P`%!-:\2W6H?\%R?@M\5OV8OVE?C#J_[8O[(?@]?^?7BGX??LS?%SXW^$_










!M-\_L\:%XIO;3P]8ZEX=^&&@7\VG:);%K2U_E4\&6=G\1/A5X
M9?4OV/?VIM!T[Q/_`


_!$?[(7[(GQI\%^
_%

MT-\!_P!G#]H/X;?#+QS_`





MPN\%367Q!A_X)R_MH^$/#_Q?N/AIK%UX0\*_'3Q9JGPUF_9^3Q'\2!X;N/#5

6TFHV4%VUK-=V22-<VT5RJDV\DT2)
`3&S




M`\_L8?$'_@H;XF_9-_X(R_#+X/?MPV_A?6_VQOV9_C/\2OB5\4OCW^S_P$

M?C[5]6_LJ?30#^K&BOP3\/\`[6/[3?BK]K[X/6/@7X_ZE\0?@Q\8/VYOVR?V





_8R\6_M
MS?&G]N[]K]?B5^V):-\?V6OC'\+O#]O^S?X3^GP:OO#/BW3/CM^P]\)_C;

M!?%[QO\`%+X
&@#]\**_G6^!_[0O[<_Q0A_X*4?!U?VI?$OP^\0_`
MW]ES]CC]I']G+]H;]I+X2_LTZ)<Z1=?&?P5^T'JOC+5?B#X6^''A72/FG?L





MX(+C7O%GBW6+'0=!TN.[O;;3;%;O4M1FM[:.?4=3O;+2]-M?
-SJ6J7MEIMC

MX=#Q:VN#PHOQ`\'-+'XG\$R^*8O#6NWGAN'Q1I.E2Z]INF7&J:4EWIVRZ?YG
M_PEO[

MQ\

MQM_P4+_;2_8\\





;K7;YX_B9HGB'Q7K:^&-)6SD^

MXGT#^T='NP#^DN`\)?%7X;^/?$OQ'\&^_&WASQ1XI^$'B/3?!_Q0T+1-4M



MAK2-:\

M\3_VY_&/PLT+]F_PC^U-\=O`7PY_96T+X`^*?%W[-'PO^*/@OQ)\8?'6D2_
M3X$^--6^$L?AN73];\.6_Q:TCX?W/AKQCXS\.76G@'[1UXI#^T9\$;C]H2?

MQM.\30VFD6-SIB:3%^3'QK^*'Q._8\_X*:?%']JB\^+?B_\`;`\4?#/_`(-N

GC;]IOXA?M$
M_LO?%CX4_&GX+_LD3_`C7+KXH^#-?\2_#'QM\:OCO\












MVYOA#\8;3P+XB^`7PK_:X^
W[(7[._Q5_:2^&$3?!)=7\$:/\-M4^*W@/Q3:

MHI_A=XVNM4L$NM5TC3DAN-`U47MM;/#-$DJ?)O[.WC/XM_$CXF_!?_@G;X0_
M:
^





/&WB2UC\2^


M?A?7K22QUC1KRXTJ\L-1CM-0LY9;:X^R7EO*T
CH)`&.?YR?`D_[?WQK\+?\
M%

_'/Q6L_C%\5]/_`&GK







MW=UK[:SI`\;:F_B:_P!!U?3H)/#%V`?V$T5_


`?
MH/17\_/[(7Q!_PB'[0W@+X0_'_`
8?MT_L_P#@O]GO]IC]BKQ;XJCU[PKX


M\-_C)XWTG]JG5==TW5_A)\(;'55^'-EIOAR+P/9:)J_Q`G\4VFE@'](U%?RI


M-\+?$.W\
77V)N`_:*^


M=_VKOV8+G2OA[\$KK4O@MXPO/A]^V!XN^(?AS2[[6/AIJ4OC+P_\2[S]G7P[



%)OVG_`-EW



M_P!K/]GS]FVYTBS^
WQ#@\)WFLZ?+KD-G:^'/%_BZ\TOPO;^(/#WA.\\;^*;



MYJ?BC3?BSX@TKQ%KNIWU]X@TW3;'2K;P#JW@CSO$+Z_^=MGXV_:9_:$^!G_!

M/$OC+P)HOPB;P-J?B#PUH?[./@+2-
TV30&\%&.XUO7=2\*:GXVETGQ9I`!_
M1W\$_P!H;X.?M%Z;X]U?X




$-3^-WQ.TOX-?JRU);V2;QI\3=:T#Q)XHTO
MPEI@LK6Z$=]=Z#X1\1:@EQ?&TTY%TYH);R.ZN;.X]5K\X?VZ/BO\9?A+\</


M/Z4:*_F?^$WCWXH?!;X??&#PF_[9G[0GBGXA?&?_`(+-_&SX



U;P@WQ/^'5K
M\%O#VD6OC/0?!.E^$O'
EVOB?QOX$\5P3W&FZH`?UUY_P+?BG\/_`OBOX6

O%7ASX?^

M_`/B_P`2SRZA+9VIL]$N(8YWOIK.UN/Y[_A!^VU^TYX9T?\`9/\`AK\7_P!H







)%\
/$?[2WQ






MX9TW3+O1-?`/Z`:*_F.\4_MO?MW1^._VX/VF])^.%[H_P:_9!_X)P?LF?M[Z


M]G_5_!WBG]FO]GSXG_!*YM-4^%/QU\5:G\1=3^

MGAJ?]G?QKX$^
'AZ'Q&-0O\`XG^




K]E/

=+D^&GAWX]?`KP-J/AW2-%T'P


M+^$/QH^+NJ_&;Q-K^A:C\6[.^^+EOXQ^(6F?!S6/A-XY^%]IX5M]$\%ZAJ6B

W[1'B+_@FM_P`%ROV7_B+\7O%&LZO^








M7AW7+'0M%L_^$:N-&N-`TNUTC38-&TW3X[&V6/[*U2[N+#3-1O[32[[6[JRL

2XEC:_U&RM1

NM?!
?$[Q?\$=

M\-ZSK/B^SB\`T`?:UC_P3*_87TOQV/B9I?[/VA:9XX@^
'B+X]Z5KVF^*/B!



















F_9+_9WU#2OBOHWB;X8Z3\0;/XY^$--



MAG9?![X??L]^$/`OP\T[XA^`?BQ::%X.OO%'AFXC^(?PIN[#4/A?XH?Q!HNO



M^




MB7]A\*7E\+^!/%*^(4@L=7N=

MI%G9$Z=9VEOIY-K7F/\`P45_:O\`CS^RTG[(5K\#_A#X?^)I_:#_`&QO@S^S

-*T#6_#-E?37%E9^%Y+H











\2^!OCA;_``\US3?%6L7NDZU\*_%GB[XF_`/X


_PT\+WNI^



;0:3X?T'2X%M=

16WLK.&&TM

30/
MB3XZTBZT'QKXXT:XL9(+O3?$WB[1[_4-/\2:M9W$-UK=OJ6I+J
ER=0O#/!^




M2^'?&@1Q?G6/AU\.?CR/X-\:%;+X3G\

M.D76G^(?#^FSS?8-1@2_LTN=

MQ&_:AD_9Q_9Z_8[T#PS_`




MUEO!'PE_8?\`A/\`%;XA:QDFN^)]4M-$^WAK6=22QBN[J&36O%&OW8^Q:;


6E:)ID&+?3M-MY;B7[+8VRQVM


/%MJMP(/$VN)?\`
MP#H/_!0[]JSXC_&#]ASPUX'^!'[-
GPO_:8^




W5S+^'7[.?_``5O
M^-&I?L8?L'^-OB[\(/'Q$_:_P#VYOASX^^+GPQ^'/PJU#XWZOX)U'X9^`]#



M`&+?V5_B+\2?B)\7?'GP0\$^
/B%\7/@[=?L^?$_7O$5K=ZK'X]^=[*+BY^
M&7BK1;N\ET#6O4ET/M@TN]TJ6..^)O8BEVQF/Y^:C_P4V^
'P?_`&(/@E^T








^@_'_@HLGQQ_:G\0_LZ?#_`.&7AJYB^'_Q$G\


M^^#7Q4T#4'UO4/OCOX5?BPMM*^&W@'Q#X1O=6N/#%YX9\$Z9;/IWAW33I*




WQA:[^_@_5[+X_^!_OPT^

MW@;1KOP[X

M%CX2^.$5[X\*Z1\(/BUX@\
^+/#OB[PYX.T7Q/\4=$U/3D\4:?)XRM-9\




MQK7B7]D[3?VQ?%7PHO)M8\
?$OP[X#U/Q+XO\$V7PL\-:1H7@GX@V/C7]H?5



80#V;XG_LW?`KXS^-_A)\2_BA\
?#'C+X@



6L^-_#_`.S[%^QEXD\.?M@:I\+_
M`(G?'_6_@#XT^//P?@TCP=\!O!'Q(G^&W@?Q?K_Q:^'][\2?#Q\6?'35_)A^
M&'@K3-(O[&UU+3_%EI\1?&'@/2_#)U[4P#W#5O\`@GM^Q?XB^&7QC^#/B?\`





M^.KGXC^$O&.D3Q^
=0M?A??:;X36XU@`^F/'/_!.W]A[XEKX\3QY^S!\)/$X


TRV&





SWGP(T#3M=TBS^*?@?3/$'C8ZMX


M'5OKEEXU^








M/&&N^'0#[B^%7[!W[(/P












^%'[(WQTTF?QGH:K\*O$7Q^+7P!T&[\5?




M_@M\']:^*?C;5Y(SX\^(
_AZP\-^$[3Q+H'P_P!/\8^+O$'B:YF\
Z1J.OZI
M:_F3_P`%`/VO/CCKMO\`L?Z+;?#S]J3]CCQUX%_X+3?\$X/@O\0(KO7+[P_X
M#^/7PG^





M('CSX(ZQ\
/$GB3P#\4O@K\+_%'Q`;P_XO\``=M\0]




MT&;XVV'BN/X@^

\NBVFBZ!8V%I9M::?!I_AKPOIXM/L7AG08-.ZO\`92_:




Z7\/O`
-UXMMKJ#6_%

M+\2/BM\7/V@7.F_$#XW3^$+GXGZW)XC\4ZE!XEN/`7A]?WA.9=!U76K[P[
MH

M`$K[#]J\K[7]F_TC[/YGD_O-M?C1^RC_`
$S?V@O@)I?[`Z^)?VD?@_JU[^Q
M3H'[76BZGIF@_L_^
I=/^*-S^T[JMSJ^F:K9ZSJ/Q\L+OP.G@*\%@UUI
M+AXHM$U&R34M!GN[/5-

_P!G0Z/I.E^.;;QE


M/XBVMOXEM/'.J27+VOB?PUIO@#LOB-_P3D_;2^-7[&GQ%_90^
__``45\)_$

9-5O8KZT_9NB@#\;/CA_P2W^)_QLU/

^


MP\9PQ:C+K'[@44`?ES??\$Z/'GA_]HKQ#^T7\%OVS?BU\+/$_P`:?AE\./AC




M4OQ)^`OCK]D_Q+/^UW:_$'P_^R7\8/VW?B7X7T+6OV?-+T36O&FE?MQ?$/Q;
MX[\;Z'XP\2:!\4;6PC\0^%'\9:M%H/BCPYX5T31;K5IGU*Z\Q:,MGX6L=GP
M5\,OO[5W_!3UOVL4^!'[2GP5'[%_@;XN_LT^(/%'Q@\#ZU\)O!/[5/CV3QY

M;M]*_8:B@#XO_;?_`&5O%7[5O@7X2Z7X`^+&E?!CXC?`_P#:+^$O[2/P_P#&

7WPGNM
M4^*




M#3P3X-NOBSXYL].T+2=*D^(WC9)]2&G6MPNEZ7H]YK_BR]\0^2?M5_\`!.W4
M?VDO'_[4OC/2OCM=?#K3OVL_^?LO[`?Q!\,2?#;3O&-O8^&1KWQVUQ^(NB


M_9G_`&:O&7[0?@'Q;\*_V7?A;^RW\/?A?JNH_LQ:=%\9_AEXD_9;O=
&C?&?


MX?UOX7_$7P%JVN^&/[9\%^(VUVTOM7BTSQ%HFK
VC6T%GJ=GY\LR?DK'_P`$

\.?LM?M1?LI:WX2?X8?#OQ?X;T[P1^U5\3O'
M'Q9\;W7P
TKQ

MU+]X**`/R?3_`()2^!O%7Q'\1_$#XY?%GQ'\9X/B+_P3OT[_`()M_%?PEJ/A
M'PWX0T'QM\&K3Q!XP\5W/B.TD\







M$UOJUUXJMM$U/P]X:U[3?#GAK]+J*`/S4^#O_!.:?XZI\0__PG_:W_`&C_
M``'^S3XT\7?%KXA:!^S+X87X1:?X9^%_C3XTZCKGB;QC-\.OB;/\



MXDVVM:SK?C7QIXHO/$YU7XE_$:^_X2G7[ZWL;GQ!X=\0?O#10!\8?\


M%4GAOQ99V&F:5J\6HVFL7D%MXKLAK.G6EA:FWTJTX'P'^QM^T7X-^&\'@?6?

/!5S\







M/!GPQ;P5KG[

?CMX3\
6?Q)OO#GBGQ9\3=2T'1-/AL?$T4T7
M@KP38W?@FWU#7]-\2^



M`EAXK^'/P9O?B'J.EZ__`&A:_%7Q
=/N-?F^*WCC3==T6;3]5CF\/SZ'8QZJ





ML_$DWBGVWXI_L7_$+7/VIOAU^VU\%_C7X-^&'[1^A_L\7W[+OQ2F\:_!C7OB




M!^*7CK_@DW\5-:USQ/X?\!_MJ77@G]GW4OV\_7_``46\*_;6/V??#OCCQ9



MY\3+[0KN70M-TU-5BD\;ZW#=ZLE]J%G_`&;9W=OI%A[K10!^)/[/O_!)#X@_

M6/X\:]'_`


\?_#WXQ?`G]K+X_ZU





M?[1/[(WQ4U3XI?`[XD:CX
/Q(\)1GQAX*USX9_$WP#\1?A]#XK\`:KXL^'_Q







M;97]W?:1/836FLV^GW1CA?G_`(:_M3_L^_&'QMK/P[^&GQ1\/^+O%NBP^+KI

M?@3QQ?VG@[Q;=Z/XEGCTM@#Z`HK-UG5;70M(U76[V+4I[+1]-OM5NX='T;5_

*_$'XF


M

MX*\?\$Y_$6H:I81_M

M3Q[\2O`GA/P3X-^)\;6ES&W@/Q1K^D^*/-MYHAI9EC9``?I'17P-JW_!3K]B

UO2KN[A^(O\`P5(_

^$8

MNI^(_B3\'_&/A_0?BMX6TK_A&]
VL_H.L:5G5A_:%IYP!^F=%?'?A/\`;[_9+\=?M*/^



M!JWBSX2_$G2DUWP-XIU?P/X]^'LGB/0Y79+76;'P[\2?#'A#Q4NDWX4S:9J-


MTGPK^TE=ZE^RC^U]I'ASX`ZMKMQXBM-*D^



M\3O@3_;7_U/#4?]J^;'_A'!X8_X1_4_+UKQ=_8'A[Q!MLO^$8U;6O[6TG[



M7A#P_:WFIW5AX:\

M)6^*/ACP?K/@Z3Q?8^*O$OAKP?K8CU5M$T;QYKEM\.K_`%F'X@6.M^&-*`/N








M635]/TC7;K6;+1-5OM-24WMIINL7OAWQ!::5?7$
=KJ%UH6LV]I+-+IEZD`!

;Q%^RG^SQX6_:B^)L6D?#_`%?58-0^
M$GBZ?XBVNEZMX!:V8S^-KV&[^%7CBRU*TTBW:*PO=$NK*6[^U07

M-\
/B%X?^+?PU^'GQ6\)_;AX5^)W@;PE\0O#0U2V6SU




M'QOX)N+#Q9IUOI_C;PT^H^&M0U:TUO2+349=0T/4X+;TF@`HHHH`****`B


M?V-J_P!@`/=**\*^-7[1WPJ_9^U'X-:5\3M2U_2[SX]_&#PM\?AJ^D^_%W

M+V#3;^2'5_&&HZ'IES):O965U=:B\-
MG)[K0`455N+ZQM)K&WN[RUM9]4NGL=




_BQXY^-GPX\$ZIK-YXN_9X\::+\/OBOIFK^$

ME`/9:*\T^



MWB_P_HWBC0;B_P!)U;0;Z?1M?TZVU72YKW0]?L=
UW1KN6QNX'N=)UK3=/U;


U6[@?6=9NK


M/3[;_2;^2ZU*W@2RM_W]TSB+]Y(M?F+^P[=ZMX9^`/_!L7J7@%;_Q2GCWP

M#M](\.1VECXG3P]=_P!#_AKX%?#+PA\7OB1\=O#^C:Q:?$_XN:#X
\
?$'7+






MI\

M[L.`?C?_`
%K;SQ3X-_X+@?\&YWC3X

/V&_

?B+X@?&7XD^)+^TT?P'X*\$_%;5








OAFU\.:;-X/\`WV%-):


ML=*U&.P33FCL+`VP!^.?[G@_P`&?\%!O^W_P#P6+^-WQ2\)I\%K7P[^RTG

MK_X/?$7Q7'/I][IGB&YOM&DO?#WB3QWZG\+]-LM9_P#LW]L'2-2A^TZ=JO_
M``1RT?3;^W\R6'S[*^^,_PS=:W4/G6\D4\7FP2R)YD





[3PG9S*DEEX
\.ZCJO\`
MPBO@R&Y0ZK)X5T+2+SQ%=:IXFNM9UC4//?VU/V`OV3_^A_P[\/?7]L'X:Z
MK\6?AOX7\5P^.-(\(6WQ2^+_`

M#7_&/PS\3^.]:\.ZOI=QX\O)?&-WX$%M;_#K5?$D.GZMK?A'4[O2=)DL?6OB
M;^Q7\/B9\8[']HP:5XF^''[0UEX%OOA=/\`&[X/^,=?^&OQU_X9ZA?6NJ3

MQ/HW@#_@\S^'OABRBN/@#I'C?XK^*=.UA2EW#9?&;Q/K7QOC^(.@V&O?/-JE



\-_$?XM

ML[#Q!?ZC96T



J1DC]7_\`@V.UOXF:[_P11_8X
MF^)NDG2YM.L?BEHG@:273UTN\U;X9Z/\7_'5CX

MUO0K32M=$=]'J2:UJOU5;_\`!&7_`()VVNO?M`^(X?A!\1UU#]J_Q!IGB;]I

M2U7.LOY'_O_`/A/?AW]AU6/S3K7_KU_M*T;_A*]?\`M/XY_P#!QGXY^*?C

M&JV\4?%K1/A]K/PT\




-G#-

M]D[X9_&71;BX\


^D_L-?\%3O$UG\)?VD_&7[4G[`?[5W@7]L
OZ-INHRZ-?KXG\16WCO0/$?B#]&?A]_P2E_8-^%7@#X&?







\/_$'QKJ?@CPC
M^W__`
$%_P!LG]J6R^/7_X/A)'K/A3]H_\`9SO?CY\7M`FT637_``E'#I/B
MC6;VP\;0^'-#O?#MUX;UC2_%GB72M\


\$?#WXG?$4:[XIN



M\4-(_94_;\\+^(OVGKC]D7]J_3?V(/^C?[.RVFK_#+XH6_@?0_`?CSXCZ3

M_P`





M#8=#TWQ5)X3\+OXAM]2;P[HQL@#\?/O[8_[0OQ.\.?\$QY?%WQ`L;_1/VY_
M^









MU_P4+_:N_:@\`_\`!/7X)?!KQ1HWA_\`:`_:8_X)4Z/^VUXU^
$%I\/=#/B'

M70K;X@?L]_%CXE?%/X:V_P`7/C;XY\3^--:T_P#X2RR_9BN]/M];^&/PTU3X




M7C[XB:+)^T_\!O[/T/7]



\0^/I]7\;ZK\/?%W]H#XB?L_M?\%^OV

MTFXNM.TGP[X=TA=533H]6N-)\/:#I=W?7%AHVF6]KQOC']B/]DWX@_$;XJ_%

?@;\7]:UO3Y[^W^(WPN^S36`\





WCR;P=X&AU&'P3X&7XA_&;QGX_P#'4'@+
MP:VM:_=^%/`MOXBB\(^'-3\2^*-7T?1K+5/$^OWFHY_CO]D;X#?$3X@:Y\5]




M-^!6C_%3]E[X:Z_I?[



]
T#PIX9TF;7/$
MLMC:^$-





MIOANRG\






^$^MZA\%=9U_P`%:;XDU_\`9VU*YUGX


MEEJ-L`?B[H/[4_\`P43^.GQ!^
5A^SIK_P`((]+_`&#_`-JOP'^S;\=;#XNW



VI:?^T3XY


M[K_B#P6-(TH^%M3TDZ;9&#+^#/P)^-FH?M1?%C]I[]I^R^`4OB/0-.\8_`C]



M;[1=2L]
U'1]\!R^&OFE7^A^';VPT&WN?#FA2Z?\D_\%/^=B_$'X3_%Z

M/%?B?PG^SU\9=


GP4T/XD:M\4KWX^Z%IO



'XC?$.ZM_#W@'Q3HFO<=H?[=W_

M.


'_BQI3_``<\








^%/@+4?`/B)/#_P8^



(O$\VM@'


M.^*/B7X@:[X?\3Z3)X:TG6O%$'AKQ+9Z=K6J7%]IL+6VD1PB;]XOC5^RQ\#/
MVA?%GP5\=?%?PAJ6M^



-IXC\.:I;Q1QKX%/_P3)_9-UCX6



M'\'_`!!^)WACP[\0-#\46GC'PY-J_A?Q2GAKQ=HFEZ/JEGH6AZM#KMJW-^+?



M/;9OV$=0^.O_``4C_;4^*/[0_P`'?B;%^S9\7_V=?V:/@[X5N;+X\_\`/?#
M?XQ67PBU;XVS_%'P-\8?@_\`#3XM6][XU\$^-_\`A;/AX\-V'Q'\&7]M=Z'
MX

K2UGCM_&?BJ+6`#\WO`'[87[9%]X@_P=T?B_P`6_`[7

_PD
ME^'_`(=\2^'M:FU.PT+Q!K?C+PWI7B6SN?#/AOQH_@_PM6_8C_;+_:R_:N\/




M+_:`^


!?'U]8Q2:QX,_MAO#^
MF/+<W'A.Q\.7EQ)<D`^,OCI^U)^V#^TS^SG_`,%?@Q+I_PC_9H^+_[*O_!.
MSP_XG_:


M?C2GM9I=-'VJ

M@^








!/@?XW^(7[)G[5_[`7P^\

M$NK:?&?!4-YJ?BGX/:+X_P##M]X'\0?=/@__`()B_!7XR_LJZ=\
/VJ=
_:#


MZE'XFO'_`&0['P[X/MO^M^-2^-NB_&5_COX^3XA^$?`^F:7H/P_P!;\86_



M?XUZU\.OOC'7_V7?&]KX\^!?Q#UGP_HM@+6_\`''P]UBU



]]X2TRR\
M(Q_&+2+SQM::-::AKOQ5NKR;X?\`P^T+P;KFA:7XD^('!:]_P5_;$\+?`O]
MLG6K/X=_`WQ_\9/V3OVWOV-OV=-(G\3^`/CA^S)X4^+'PY_;$U/]F/POJ&J




M``2KF\*_LW_M#V_[+B?MB?'_`.-/[4'QP_8(\5?%*UU?]J+2+WQ3-9?LR?'C

MP@EY#I0!\3_\%

MXE\C7['4=

=/M/B9XM\8_L[7%C??!&VGU+PMX


7X]?







M^&G@OXR^+OBS\+OVG?AC?_!;X#_#S]J/5_`&N_#'P[XD\?\`B3]G7XGZ[!X9
M\



M^$-=^












M!
S]I3]K3]HGX_\`QHC^)OPF^#-QK7P#_8LT']F+Q9X:O?&7C+Q9\-/C_P#L

7VRT




_A

MX=Z[X/\`%WBKPIXKTT:EK5MKL'A[PKXTU?PU:UK_`(+.?LQ:-\/?AUXX3X4_
MM?:YKOQ#^/WQ(_96;X.^&?V;/&.O?&KP'^T;\
_!5]\1;_X.?$;P)I\TK^&O

M?\=?BG^RIXK_`&PO%G_!5#P/XSTGX6V/B;6/@_\``O3=`T_]D']JCP!JOAKP

'AZU\/WWA;P4GT?X
MT_8

M_8G^&OPO^#6N+X$8^)4\*_`)--D\3^
/%OACX?CQO\0/!MGK5GX6\&Z=XSU3
M3_#@!Z5=?\%C/V.M(\??#P!XIO/'W@G4/C%\4?AA\!;Z\::+X8\.7_`(#_


/CE\&-.







MJ==0^

7['_\`P4W_`&JOV6#\(OVAOVAOV0M&^(J?&+]F

5TNL6(!]@^+O^C'PK\?'+PU\%?%GPN^.F




:_WFJ?\$^_VM='TO\`:$\$^#OB#^SIK?P^^+__``53^`'_``4`


M_P`$W?VE_B!IO_!2NV@^
_P0M;_]NG]I+]G7XR^#;J[^'WCE[;X:^$/V?M#^
M$O@VP\









M=X4_X*L?LZ:M\0/%G@CQ]X5^



O'-UH'B.S:#PX



/@KXX?M+_`;7/#OB3]@S]K?]@WXK_$7P



MQ;\.:MXH^%
O]HZGX#\9:]XK\
?%_6+72;;QOHFBZ3X'\0:1IFNWUK\0]-FN
MO#!\B\8_!?\`9]^-7[=?['OP/^%=S\4-!\0_\$P?S2?%R&#P+\7/WP_P!5


?V+?!^M)^U7!\.-'UWP#X'
O^#_@U\5+3X*?$Z?6?

MGC'PZFLZ+K%]83:I;P3R$_F;^TK_`


%
?!GQT_8._PJ'@GX*ZA
M\;_@#^T%^S3^R#J_QDT7Q%IGQ`\`:3X@:PU?PUJFM^%?'?PH^+G[
OQJ^)FE


MVH_V9/VK?VK/@%XS^(/QJ^WBGX`^?%7PH^`WB7X9^![#1/%




MF);B1Y0[$`_-L_\`!4_X-OHO[-_B6T^#G[1NJ^'_`-JO]A7QK^WW\(=0T3PI

MQ!HW[$G[%W[0W[$?PKT-/V9_'^B?\)1X`^)WPV^#_P`//`WC#QWK2_M`ZM=M



MP=^%OQ7^*^E:9\0-)\`W6J^$KBPU/0?#_P`4E:YN/#]MX:-QKTXU;ZHUS_@M
M!\$_!?PX_:I^)?CCX'?'NWTG]E3X0^`?C[XBL?A\OPB^+;^
OA7X^OKC2YCX

M]+\$6




MO^S_PRG'^SW\.OV@=%\
_%SQ%_PL3X9?%[XM1?!?R?@_X&^.'A7PO\!O&]
M]\

?P[\

]M\'/B1^S[^TY^S9HG[0O@VZ_:F\#_`!97XC_!7XI^

M

M'0M%'B[0?&_B_P`$ZIX9C^+UCX7T7_A'?#L.LZ)KVICQ=IOAO23HFBV]Q:6^
MD6#Z?8QQ/$`?AE_P3U_:K^'7Q3^)_@+1[+Q/^W7\(OVW/V?O@!\08?VF_P#@
MF+^U9\:?C#KWQ)^-7B&V\


=?\(ZYXY\(^'?#?Q





=IXF\:?




%=.UOXT
M_&FP\%W/A2Z\!^`?&/BW0/B9\2_A1I&I?$;P5X:\9?%?P3X6U7PWH_B#5-2M
M]+&OV/A;Q/J&D\+_`




M/X@0_$3_`(*H?#'QY^SO\=?#_P`%?V

MPY^)'B[QWXJ\!VVK?%?1+CP_XO&@Z;!??!K1[C3VNH;GP#KFK^*=2T7Q#XD\



WP]\#?3Q[XY\7?2]C\/:!?ZGXSUG5OC+X(T6'XJZ3-JVE:AXSTN



O

MX2T.Y\36VLZ'9ZCI'A[_`(0'6P#H??[6-C\4?\`@H!^R7\;//CSXJ67[
7
MQO\`^+WQU_:QMOAS>W?BN70KBQD^-7[%OBWP-X\U;X/^'KK6]/O/BIHOP^^
M)GB+0DN]*TK7/%
O@OX\U2Z\
^&?BEK-WX0^-7BZ_\





UW]H#X:3ZCH6DL_@[Q[XDT#2?AWXGUF)(+N_P!9


MS4/%I#::^VB^_'7_@GO^T+^UW\8XO$7[1VM_`BQ^&_Q#_X)H_M
_L)_&=/




MB\-?#+XO^!+/2/`OPI^)NA^(?B#HW@U_!OQ$\`_&:+QG-X*\1_#GQS\.O'7Q

M\$ZCX-^+?P+?Q9_P3^_X)^?'3]C72-2UGPCXTN-*\?\`BWXB?#GX


M[(OQ2_:$\?Z5X8^$?[/WPT^..A_R7_AD[]G+Q7XS\5_`+P[\8?5UX_G^)/


OVEOB9\-?A__P`%`?AK\+O!


^
M0_%+_@LEX;M]*^%_L]?L^?$OXS^*/%/[=/PM_8I^+6@6OBCXI+\&/$OCC2


M7\

MVH=




M*W@F_P!:\/\`Q(U3QK9:Y\
O#GQ%\3:#'X*\9:CH/ASQ&/T+^#GB[]HG6_C5




%']$27XD?$*/1H_`OP_P#CQ\+/CG=?#G5=



M!Y3_`




OBWPE\

MAWXT_9FN];^('[('B;P=^SK_`
%

/BF[\*Z59ZW:Z)X8T7PAX9\




MSPJWA;5O^%+Z/\6-7CTCP+JOC/0+[Q5I'C36QJ2R+KVJZ-\

MVF^


M]MC2_@MK'[5?PZ^













MMM-!6\3PQ\4-


MKJEO/XM^(


\*7I\9:'XP

'B;X^_M1?&#X3^(_V:
MO^$2_:^//['GCG6/A5XS^*'QH\):9\1_@M^SC\)/%OP_P#%OP<^*_B+P1\)
M=6U2'2O''C/7/#GQ&OM/T*#4_#7C#P]X0E^GC[2-5\%^,O%6J7?(_C_@F;
M^V-\)?AQ\%O#FDZG^QZ^M_`/_@KM\;/V[/!V@^%9/BE\._AG??`OXX:+^U)X



MA\
PZK_;MA^:T_\`P38_;1MO@G^W?\-]-7]E^YUO]JK_`(+`?__`(*^#[B
M^^

M6WAGQ+=?GQ9\6_AYH[:_P
/A1I'Q6M]+E\#3^.-*TV#4;=+1M932=3\6:#





:=J_B7Q'JLL
#IIV@^'M)U37-7O&AT_2=.O;^XM[:7


6NHZ;J-K;WVG
MZA8W$-W8WUC=PI<6EY9W=N\D%U:W4$D<]O<02/#-Z21NR
K'^0[]G;]EKP-



MPG\=ZO\``+X%?`RVU&Y\-_#6\_8P\;_#7XE_M_W]D3Q]\'OB#IE]^S38_M
M



M`
$TO#GQC^%7_!;+]EB/X-V?P



^'GQP_;(&B?M-?&'PS8.]U



`^A?V-?VCK']

M9+;4OLMNFN3V^D7^IZ=I\VL6-F+Z.V0
Z)V'Q3^(/CO_`(5;XZUW]F/0/AS\
O%G[*'[5'P5_X(


][\'/`


S'5KW3[^TT





M16N[8VF@ZR+B6ZT_@_V@?VW-0^%?[8/[#?[+?@32/A%X]'[5?Q-^+O@#QS=W

M=2T'3!I-]_;/V[3OR



OB/X6T_Q-J&KZ]IFDW5YX:\
6^JW6BW



MTVLZ+\-O@/\`#34/`OQL\164=SXDMC\2_#GBS0]`\+`']
3_`!G^#T?Q)B^#

UB--DUHWL7@9M5'BB2T&CPRZL;E-+
(TV*



MS]EOQMX!T7]N[]DS]IGQ#H]GH?@7Q_K5EH?@[X

M!O&/AS]E:R\*:W\+O!7@#]H+X?:_\3]2CT#X

)X7.M::/$3V@B:<W
M2Z(;G^TFMACS&<6QB\I6DW;%)'PQ^PS^V]XO_;!L=&N_%?[/&M_`F36/V2_



M5K#1K`W
P=H;?[9J-Q;6_GRK'(8X?









ZMX


M7%?S2V[C4+S5FDOCI.D^/?M/?\%`]7T7]L?PU_P3U_9H^(G[+FA?M/ZS^SUX




MH)OA0EI:_&.:R^*?@^XTCX7ZQ+

M
0O:Q76^!





/VS)?@SH
M^N0!M%T+Q?X7^$MWK4-E:ZGJ





M)[/\1OV
?#/QZU#1/@#^U/\`&O\`9;^&/[.7[)_A?X!MXI_92G^&W[?FE6_A
M3Q7\5?!UQ^Q-KVC^([/X3K^TKX4_99TO7[;QCX&^


M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`

MA'QWA])/'_PWURS\2^!]4UKR[2X;6+/P_KMA;ZG!HMX6T:]N%']JV-_''D
M7O%%`!1110!X3^T'^SMX!_::\(:+X!^)FJ_$RT\':;XLLO%&KZ#\./BS\1OA


M2+\:=:K'[C!!!:P0VMK#%;6UM%'!;V\$:0P000H(XH88HU6.***-52.-%5$1
M0JJ%`%2T4`%%%%`!1110`5\:WW[!O[/EU\8?B!\:[)?C#X9\1?%S5K'Q'\7/
MG@G]HGX\^/A/\`%/Q5IGAOPUX+LO%7COX1^%/B+I'P]US7#X

MXF\

M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

;?]KC]MCPSK

WP%_X*

MW.K@']5M%?Q\?\$LOVZOVH/V=?$?[;7_``2O_:?^._C+XR_M6^$]6^%_C_\`
MX)^_%3X[^-;OXA?%'XO?#K]K.U\.V/A*;4M5\4WNK7_CK2/@3?\`BWPI\2_&

M[9VB_'S6_P#@L]\(_P!F'X3?'_2OVK?VAH?'7P?\-?$/XW_L7?!K1-.\/W%I


)-)U:Q\1Z7XJ^/7B8_`_X1ZIXVU*]TJ:]U/Q_\<M?\
M*WVJ^(?AO-9R^:_MJ_M)?M




MQ'^%]SJW[3VH7L?]M_M._%6/X6_$7P7J'CRZ^*/AK1_!CZ1X3^*OC^P\%VB^
M

M^V'_`
%%-9^&_P`0_BMX4_:`^.GP6O\`XQ?`GQS^U_H6L:9\)/BEX(^'WC7P

&A_M._&N_OOV-_VF?V8/A_^
MR5^T]!?:S'^T%\.O#_[0/[0^F?#;5OA]XF\5Z3JFDZ_\7Y?AO=XTGPOK?CC

M_:@^&7[1'P^\7?`#]I?P5XZ^*/PQO_VX/V9M3O?&6L7

M_#OC[XK?#R3Q1_P4:_X)]?#3Q%J?PB^+WQ0^#/B#6O`'Q:_:F^'/PS^(OA'4

'QL_
MX*N^
?@C\0OVOOA[HG[#OQ@\?^$?V%;OX%7/QA^*;?&7X-:1H4GPM^+WAFZ\






\(^.OB=J'A+Q'K5]);W'Q[KO_``5Z_:!^)/@OX::I^SI\








#Q3

:)J%M[_`'_[*'PN^`OBWX;_`+0/A'XR_&CX/?#S]GS0?B#K


M?M*Z7\$/!NCW_P`-?!%M\3;?1]8MO&GPCUB3P[%KVBZO;:%8P6%[XR&@SV
;


^(=;\$ZV([E/HO_@G+\9?C!^T3^PA^

M\+:IK
FLRWNI^#=-AUS1_#%U*^E:5XI\0V4$6H2`'VG17XO?\%6]:_:#^&'C


MC_&GPWJ]E_P11^
W[!WQ7^




/P8_X*S^-/
MV@_B1\%;3X1?L2_&_P`8_L^_M%:1\8[WX7_M#6?ACX^6?AO19_`&EZEJ?POU
MCXQZAJO[


@'[^T5X7\.M4\3?'K]GCPMJWQ
\
7?P?\`%'Q5^&MI


MP4WU/]IWXT_M`:[\

^.=87XO^)?$'Q9CL](\!


M%'[:/PV_8V^(_P`$?#/A*R^/-U^UUX8TJ+1_C$?%'Q5^&9_9KNXO[*N/C'H?
MA/PQ-X$\-R?'KX=W4?Q.\%:+X8^+.I^
O!WA?6_!\^N:9=?\)`^H:.`?KI17






M(?_PP\'K\1=(\+_`!DTI/AUX=\,?;QK\6O`7FZU\+=.T_XA_$/2M=U98/!

O[/GP.M_#_`(K^(W[#

'A*]\$_J[U&T^+?PZ\8^,-%^&
M_P`5O7C7P_I$7PQU+4=8\7Z3'\5+;PYI'AOQG[1^U#_`
%8?'_[-5_^V:S?




]5T


5/Q&O-`L/`OB3[JO?V^M4?]LJ^_8T\.?SP7K
M_C[P='\'-0^)&BW7QWTCPM\4+;P7\5=%NM6U?XS?;X6^)O`VG?\+E^!WPON

-
\8^'/%=CXCM]2TM/A[YD.E-K8!^D%%%?S1_LB?M6?$;]F70?\`
M@I#\1-3\/_M+?M=Q:'_P75M?V$_`_A/Q+^TOXH\97'PE^%?Q.F_9A^'GPPMO


MDNM+L+M9[:
`]QHHK\AO#G_!6'3F^*WQ&^$WC[]GKQ=X
%`



-'U2RCFU'3!IVKZC^#GQ7_`&B?^$9_:]_X+M:)
M\3_C;_P4/TW2_P!F6W_9I\2_LT1_LV6G[9GQ1\.?!34?&7[&VA?&3QA=KH?P



/#/A?PQXPTG1/B'X-D\;VNCV-GX6TWXHZY-X$\
V




2?A/XSN_BUI?C&



MXLMM0UGPW\1-?\:^$$?4_#OA^XU_Q'X=S]`_X*__``R^(GA/]G?6O@[\%?B5

M'YDU.[U7P5X$GU-ET^QLY(-3EO?$/A_3]1`/U\HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`\%\_!O5_!_QT^.'QCN_%^FZM8_&/

2



?YH?L2_P#!

'=(U7Q!X@U73=T'0
MM-OM9UO6]9OK73-(T?2-



FAP^*-;U+4M'\`:-XX^)'A_PM'X@\1ZQ=:9HEWXE
M\(Z-K_B9]7U_3&U'VJU_;@_8VOOC@O[






M;LN_VN/VE?V]_ACHVO?!7QG\)_V9/&?P1T+X6^-?A'JFM:MJVIVOQ(^'VJ^(
M?%V@?%274M3N;+3?B#X+\5:-?:!JOA[3M*T.;0'A?3]8M9-3CF
0!K_$C]B7
MXH?$'P-^U;\+]0^/_@SQ3\-?VMM9O-2\4^/C)^SW:_%GP_\.++Q#\/_``IX
M\7Z)\+--E^*?A73[72=0E\
OXY\/6'Q!L_B)I_AKQ]JESK$MCKFG_:-&O.0

R?&OP@;OX5V
M7C*RN_BGJ)\
_%/X-3WWBKXIIXTO3\5]'B6R\

M_LVR_&






MIII&R24`^2/A/_P1S\._!OX3?M6Z=X;^-\WB3]IC]MG]IKP)^U-^T3^TA\1/

MNM%TKQGXHT^?6]4LY-&MM&^U?V@OV&_A%^T9\;OV0?VD/&-NFG?&S]C7XCZI


M(?#NC7=O=3V[ZQ::K[IHOQ_^`_B2Z\-67AWXV?/7[SQG\(_^%_^#[31?B1X
M-U2Z\5_`?S-%A_X79X:M['69Y==^$?F^)/#L7_R-+2Z\&^9KVBI_;.[5+$3
M_$7[7?\`P4E^$_PK_9!^//[2G[

M5QHMM\0/AX8M(U7Q1X5TRU\0R#5);JXT.2]M-/;3KZ:#4K7Y]_;)_PD/P[
M\?L-_MK_M)?L4_&K]EW]HKXF_L@_#K6O%OB3PSH_P`1-#^+OACPQX@T7[;.
M?WQ


/C/Q
/!7@^^U8W$JQZ#I?BO
MQB3X3\-:OKLFG:7KOB6.;0M+N[K5()K6
`^#/BS_`
$U/&_Q3U7_`(*0WLG[


M%EU\



MY@@?QW6_VT_V3O#GPU\/?&+6_P!H'X7Z?\


YO$]DVCZQH/PZ




%?%;QM^TC\&?#WPS^(WA6'
MQ[X'\?7OC_PZWA+Q-\/I5T0M\1=
UZVOI]-D^'5J?$WAF/4O'[W$?@_2IO$O

M\&HM1T+PYXK_`&0]+^'&E^'?!/Q/\.WWQ.&F?&GX;^-&^%_AO6O$GAMD^'YC


B\3^`-=T+P/IUMH]LNM:!K

M98+BWGB9XIX)XG26&:)VCDC971F5@3X;XS_:B_9U^'?Q+\/?!WQW\:?AUX1^
.-:TR\T?PK:ZOJ4#VH`/@_XY?\$R/$_QXTG]O#0?$'[2*:!IO[;_
M`(D_9KUJZN_#OP<LAKWPSL/V<K/PE:VNE65[J_Q!U71O%4OC8^M)?6-1NO#

\.?

MY_;#_9M7XQZM\5KWX%:=\
D^
7@6?QM=_&739=-M-3^%\?AZ#6I=1'CG3-2U

_@K
MKOQJ\2?M6_LN_!#Q;\-O'^F^)_$US%X4^.OCK1-%UVTT]O!_B[PE'X9^)%CX


T:TT


M]?U/]H6T\(:G^U[^Q'X$_8@UY+3X/KK&F^!?!?A#Q=X_\97WBOPW;2?$S3+S
M4-:UW4_B]\4$2SUK4;J#2H=2\(*MS?#PKJ*^*_1_CW^P3X@_:;OKO3_C3\;=




M)OP]^.'P?^*OPYO]*TSXD_!CXW?C6UU_P'OQ2\`7^O:-XCT&'Q%H%VUY9-
M%K?A_6-+U#1=6U?3+JR9+WS8I[#X$_%?QK:1:'^TI\:?#WQ6\&1Z!XK\-:KX
M#^'GPIO_`(-^%?B-IOC#PQK7@K5!\7[6^^*'Q2O_`!E&/#.O:BL.AZ#J/@CP

/[
W@+]L/4_C








MWX-L=9U*?2_`7@N2U\-66B:I+8:9K%A]8:S_`
%(?V']#^&/@?XRS?M$^#-5


WB?3



M==\=_`#]FWP+XU^&'Q:TOQM\
OA+IJ_$'X2^%OA-X;^'O[.WAO3]6\/:?9^-


MM'BDUOQ=\)])\17GQ'\
:$C:WKOABPTH?;*\L^%/_!37]@/XY_$+P5\*?A#^
MU;\(OB'\0?B+JOC[0?!/AGPQK\FH7?B+7/AC#?W7C31;&X2U73QJVF:?I.KZ


M)OA'^U[^U!^VQXX(\#6-II7Q3^


]5\9_J17\QOB+_@K;^V'\-_@=
M_P`%-OC[XY^(G[!=Z/\`@G;^V!\5O@)I/P.N?A;\4?A=XU_:\#_``TT'X5:
MY8RZ%XZUC]K7Q\/'Q!\=77Q03PGX72V^$_CO2+OQ1H$5G#IES)XA%MH0!^A
MW@?_`()C:QX1N_@E-=?M$2ZU;_!__@H1\??^B5W$/A/I^FW'C/XE_MP_&*


6K^&K=8H=







MF']LKPYXG\7?LO?&?P?\:?#/@W6]

MCE\1?B%X)_;3^+'A3X
_&_XI6_Q^^-'[-7A;P)\.[#PEJ_QOO[/PV?B%K7PT








M-E;WB_1WCO\`X*`_L;_#7P;X$^(OB[X]^#[7P!\1_AUI'QB\
^-=(@U_Q7X5
MC^#NO7F@:?I'QA\5:]X3T;6]
^'_`












MQ#3_`!;J6D7
L



M7]6_:`^%7QS\
^+-1^(?BZUFU2Q^
?B+5_$TG@S4?#4]J=

M]:U+Q3W'Q=_8'_::^/O[
TGP0^





MM$M/`#FTDU)=



M?&7PUXP\;^(?CA\8OA+!H)^*-KX

M`



OB




M^\&^!]($F@ZE?B\U[QIXJTZ[T#PEX?L/M6M^)-36&VT:PO7N[03@'=?LJZ)^








M;PEJOBWPQ\-F\9_$2\T_QA\1KM+GQ'\1_$5YXRU&3Q)J8TMOLEI)ILUSJ/F/
HBYE!
MTCP3X;O_`!#H%CXB\9ZJ++POH-YKFCVVK:M9S:G9)/'XL_:M_9H\?$G3O@]
MXT^/'PI\+?$_5-6\

M^.#:I^R1\


MIL.H^`M

VNH:U9]YK
MO[5G[+_A;0_`/B;Q3^T=\?WA[XJ);O\







M\1-




M\6_!OP9^)FD^(OB?X2^%7[07Q%U/X/\`PC^*_P`2_@A\5?`'PV\3?%?2_%NL


M8?\`!&#PM^P#XH^'O@+XG_LTZ[J?P3^/G@CQS\9[[Q=IGCN'QC\9M!\$-\(?



^KW4%G


MT_\`@H[^T9\1?V1/BI^S!X`_:F;]D;Q7\.I_BEXC_9_U#Q+XIO\`X;?`[_A!
M?&$?BKPW\&OC/\4[_P`


M\%U!#=6LT5S;7

@DBFAEC9HY8I8V5XY$9D=&#*Q4@T`?S.?

MOV?[;POXI\'ZQ\=(=&N_BWIWQI^
WQMUW0]4LM2^*O\`PL;3]%OO#EOJ$?A#

NCZ5K?[7'[(/QE\$?M2?LU






]?\





M]#^&'AF[\?$N.Q^&'AWQG]MMKNU\$^,4\;^/[W5=4\.ZGXR_K^HH`_EH_;6
M_8[^)?Q^^'O_``48_:#_`&9_V-_'7PN_X7K_`,$TM`_8G\&_`AO!G@CX8_%O
MXO?&'4?BCK7B&7QKKW@*W\2Z9X2TCPM\)-!UW2_

V




/$MCHZO\`#];J^U#Q9H6N


_:\\!_M%:[


M8/QJ^%?QP^&S?$#XH:!\&KZYBT'P9H?@3Q9I


O#MSX1^(WB6?XH^
KCP7

MQ3JOA[PW;/-JNN6%O*`?./P!^(MQX'^)VG?L0P?`#4?AOX7^!_[+_P`&?$'@

M_&?X1^+?A)\4?V;/A=X+^

C^

M:1J[:@FE:IIVIMI&HSZ/JJZ??6UZVF:O:QP37.EZ@+:64V6HV\-S;2SV-R(K

M1+&?4;R'2=
66`WU\UO;R?9[;SHA(X`:1%RP`/S._PU?P0^.G[3/\`P3H^




MFSZ!JNN_JO\`LU?M`_#_`/:M^`7PB_:1^%1UL_#CXU^!-`^(G@S_`(2334T?

M\*^+;VZT_P`':Q\2[SXZZ98:B_A2UUG3=7F\`W%K;^)W@\[4%6QCUR7ZM_;C

NC_`+-W[3GQ-\1_%;PWX;\6_#GPGXAT3P1\
M6OV3_CQ\!;;QQ:M\3O%_@G1=8T?PAXI^).@ZKXITG1M6U#QC+H$=[-X7\

M-1A&G/\`I/10!_+5\&_V(/VN_`?[//[+_AG5/V-/%$/Q&\#?\%R_'_[:_C5+




ML#?P3WK0?9;
3WDL%O*`?+_PS\(_M
:#_P`$^K;P3\9M(T;XE?M0CX$^+M`\

-9M[W2;CXCW7A^_M/A]!XVF\
M47?@YY?#)T=)?RFUC]A7]K/PI^S?_P`$9O%FF?L[Z%\:_&W_``3Z_9;U7]G/


M?L#?M5Z?\)O@+^Q3\0/AK--8_LP_\%4$_;G\/_MKW7COX?ZEX
^(_P`*]/\`






M3PUIGQ'G^.D?QG^

\

M?BF30]6^#.M_%?34\

_I*HH`^7?V(?

U





/OA_P#LW_!WX!^*OA'\4+'Q9XKC
MN+J\\+^+/AE??&OP3KGP;M/'/@:^UKQ5K<3^(]#U\#6-3_J=KYD^O[5/@?X

M1\

W





/VD/!?Q;^#^D_L\Z[9Z7\//\`




M_J.M:CI^
9@#^;CX=_L9_M
M_P`OQ1_8W^.OQ._8YO--\8?`/P#_`
%!?`OQ9\%^`/V@O@5HGPAMC\=OAP+'





?B;K&V^
M\7Z/J?AF.]UE/V+9X-2F@U6\
B_8_P#P4]^$GQC^+/P'^%4OP+^'%Y\7O'/P









M


ML:5I_B3QAI&NWT&DMV'[4?[1G@+]D;]GOXM?M+_%*T\37OPZ^_A_\`'/C2


M4HN_AY9Z]XST?Y+_`&:/V%/VD/V7/B/_`




M9\2^











M?%G_``4IT/X]:S\)/A#=?L_?`UOCGX@\
?M




_%P\$^+)/#'AK5TT*_
0!\%?M


)].\1^$$L;?]U?A'
M\5/`OQT^%'PQ^-WPOUE_$?PT^,?P]\%_%3X=^(9-,U719-=\_$+PWIOBWPE
MK+Z/KMEINMZ2^J:!J^GWS:9K.G:?JM@9S:ZC96MW%-!'X/\`$']MKX)?#+QI



M&WQET+_@EI^UUX&^)?Q?_:]_X)G:A\;-!_:L^*L_[1OQ3^(OAS]DO]JSX;^/


?A)\?/A7\;_VXM7^





M^DVFHZ'97]C;V


M.IV


G[4/\`P0Q_X*(_'369_B+XB@\;ZY\-?BC\



MRU?X)?!S7].^$_V:V^%UIJ7PV\$ZI9?#3^Q9;6*TM_`-O=:+/!X-_LF?2K**


OC/\`
M\%?OV2/!FG^
OV;_`(AZIXATOX::!\2OA[JVG_$;]FV\^+_QS^/?[8]]\2-

7,\UQ=7]M;Q75Q/-
M+++*\DCL0#^3W]MG1'O?V&OCW\'O$WQX^.WQ-T?]G+_@NA^S/\(?'BGQY^T
M-\1?$OQ'T'P#XP^*G[*'Q`F\-^





M$'[5J^
/#'C_`.&MWX/UGQYXJT'1+SPIX`\7W/P_T3Q#H/B'Q7XAU/0K6\U.
M\FU#P+:Z9S7QC_;/\)_#7]F3PG^TW^QS_P`%&O%G[0'@7XNVW[&WAW]IS5O&


M2\U]+LSVDUREW(\
ZI\2K6:6TT[QWHUCK.OW7B?PM

MQYX:T+X/KX6^










M;WQR_9TU7XT^&_BG\2?!M[X2US0?C!_P3A^(OC[Q/X$TW0_#7@;PIJ=[X/\`



`_G@^%7Q








MQ^S=_P`%J+OX_P#AN?\`X)RQ^(;/P%\(/&GQRMO&WP*^/7AG7;'4_AY\7M2^
M+WC;]L#X_PN_LU?$_XI#5I/AOK/[/NDZ?\`8?$F\LKG5/`OARSN?!7BZ*X

?@+]MK]I[


ZUX0\+ZOX;T:;2+C




?VVOVEO%MU^RZ/V


M)OV6/!7AKQO_`
)E\6[_`



'_V??''A[X+:3\8/#'AS]G[5/$E[H/QJ^#&N
M?#;XG7OQC^)W[9_Q_N%EA\5:[=Z?X-USQ`?`FD^+M'I_M<?'+Q/X;TO_`(*]
M:7X)_;M^.'PXN_@O_P`%8O\`@FIIOPSUGP]^TU=WVK_#W0_CI9_L<Z7\=OAC
MX=3QOJ?BW2]&^%NFZQ\2_CYK-W\(H=+C^'^A:QX(U#2];\,7'AKP9XB\./\`
MT]?#CX(_!3X?^!_'A+X??#_`
$67A#PYX`^&W@'PT;+1=(OQ+X!^%NFV-I\
M+](?5WMY[G5]*\(V5E93^%VNKJZCTZ55OM/:*9S
W1WGPI^%VH?VI]O^&W@&



MQ?B_X8U#XH7_`




M+'!?^7;6Z?;(E6XV00KYFV)`H!_

M3X7ZI\=])_;-_81TKX;_`!ELOB)J6K^(Y]8L?%?A;]H7PYX@^/?C;X;^'/A#
M\(-;C\/:Q\!OBGX5^$_PX\#Z7!)X
\)^$M2FNO'%GX1UCZZ_X*5:3\(-6_X*
_\`$?P_O/'Q&\8Z%IUKX7\5^*-




M]G#P1\



4MW//';







MDD:QS;U5'=``K



Y^*FF?L_H_P`.
M_B/!=_%?Q%XX@?2O$\^J_)GPR\41?#C]B;]H7]KSX:_MK_M'^/\`0='_`.G
M7Q6_9








M]NZO::?:6VIZW_95NUII?]KW\
*76I?V;:N]M8?;)9OL=N[0V_EQL5(!_)/\




ZGK7PU
MT#P-_P`(+X572?!WA6Q\)V/2?\%(]5@\)?LM?\%CO`/PN^
/C7XJ_LJZG_P2
MM^$7Q2T+4O'GQO\`B/\`M$Z1X2^-/C_7_C]X6EMO!/QB^*/Q^(.J?8_BI\,
M=`^%7B;X?VOB\T^*XLM!\=:3:6,_Q.N[SQ+_2EX6^_P`'?`WB'QGXM\$_


M;3]E\.4M?&G[5_P8\%_LH?M;?M!?%?\`9@_:Z_X)O_'_`
;?$WQ-=?M`?%/X



)#_P`*Y^'G@;P!_P`)=KMUXH\5_P#$^$M`\*_
M\)/XFOL?;?$7B'^PM/L/[:UV\P/M6KZE]IUXP/-N'Q0!_*[\
OVZ_VS?A?I

+M_;+\2ZI_PKC]

@TO]N+X='29O%=MX-U.Q
M^%OT)^T%XH^)W[.WQ:_:1_9ZU_\`;+^
LESX)_X(`_$7XUZIKVJ_&W5=-UNP



36Y0E:`/YB/@

T[]HG]HWP)\9?AK^T3\5/$7P/;_@G[\'+K6?@O\3O

M%&N:1=?#K0+?Q?IOC?5(OVG^


M)-:O]JN/



ME7_@DOXQ^-GA#QY\71^S1X1^`GQ@^








MX1OPYKFI7%E=ZCK.@Z'_`



M_P&-6GN?C#]N/\`9R^-7B/]L+7/VB/^;W[5W@[X(?\%`?AG^S'\/9/B_\`
ML\?%O34\1?L[?M3_`+/]QXZ^-/\`PIF+XP^'=/OM

M9?#LDNO^'[&[F\


MQXFT;4YH+)+V66\2UB=8%NI)+A8Q*[.0#^8_5_V[_B%^U/X&_9C^'=C\7/AU

M/!OQH\#_`+/_`()\%?#+Q[X

M7XFWWB?4_BW_`


&OZ





M$/QI_9K^+?Q$\=:A\/+;QW\5=9L==MOBIXXL9Y]1T#P?\8;3X2:'X(^'WA34
MO@'XQO=9\

/VQYO'?[;W




M+(&_)3XY?\$B+GXM_M*?$CXDZAI'_!.SXJ_'XI_\(5:VNA?M9?\$[?WQ^^
M


MU']FW]EZ]U[X:ZU\&M?UOQW_`
$\/`'Q*O=.^)W@_P`






:AX/\`B'XJF^&WB?3_`#?M/4O$$?QM_P


U6^L-;AU;]+K]F?]DRY\



MP[:?%30OAE\;OB1\


ZI!X




M_P#X*T?M*_%_P[^R!\5?BM^Q!IG@GX



M4_BQ_P`$P/V6O@U^V3XW_:*MO^$6_9*^(?P
C^!7BOPEX1^$6K?`7Q5\7_@]

O!WQ


/F-/7PJG[%_B3]AG6[']L?PKXN_;A_X*(?''P7^SEX2_8[M/@@^J
M_LC^&=
\8_$?$BWU[2+FQ\-VWPH^/A+PYJ7@)KP7&H:U8^-=`F\0^'=('_
M``E\?C'6HX[R3[_X)V_LB^$/V(/V1_AA\!?7@S0O`
MG_PDOC[QIX5\-7:


M4CLO%






MWFH:%K%M-KMOX
M8UVUU'P]:9?P<_X)G:!\`_B5X^\3?K]K#]KSPG\(_$^O_$CQYX'_9;M/'?P


MO-K5]JVJO=ZE=`'Q?\O^D/C;XA_MF^%/V4_B1\&/G@*;XG^?VI/%WA2+
MPW\4X/B#XY^&-]^RY\6/!'@\\(?'WT;P^OP_LO%'Q-\&?$'PY\4;31?!/C
MO7]9^%PNK;P1XOTO5_[3T_QG+W/[3G[8/[3_`
.OVP_@Q^R-^SA^S!\._C7J
M?Q5^`7Q


M_M4_M;^+[']DZR^/OA3X'_#WQSKOP+U/P7HWPN_:-U#0/$'Q!^&GBFXL?@+I
MWCKQI9OXN\-:-XMM/'6K^-A\5+C5-
TVRUSQSK&@V



MWQ6TZU^`7P=7X^Z3XP\/?$P_MM#\)Z/\3=*T!M#\:^((_`W@77/B%K_`(*\
MZ_KNM^












M%

M?!+4/V4?B)^R1\6?CI^UC^T+X4\=^#_AUX#T7XE_&CXJ^&]6^
/PF\-?!O5-







MSUK$OA_Q)XE\*_$;XF:)XFU/6)O$MKY/C_5[[PWIOAO6-$\#:EX2V_$7_!-C











:


MGQA^+OB7P=J7QD^

MUGX916RVJ:7#XC76/&MK8Z;I/AV?QK=^$]+L-`@^T?V2OV:=`_8_^`'PZ_9R




M+0=2T?&\;_\`!(/]G/Q_H^BKJ_Q




+/$'Q%UKQ)XCU[QIJNI3O+K


_$ZQOK7X7Z-

(M*\+Z9X8TCPU-K_B'ZJ\4_P#!.3X?


/BMHGP&T./]F];?]E3P]JG@2Q^``E_9*\2^%O%WP%GTS3K

MS8^';_MT_PG'[1O@.P^


_:@^.UQ^TW^V7\`?CQ^U+\.


NOZP`?9W_!/_P#:G^
7[4T?[5UQ\3_!_@KP
M_HGP!_:U^*W[


MM;_8C^(?[9L7[(?]G6^I^*T^.6A^&-3_`&K]8_8T\/?M/7.N&!_!EQH.J?&:







M/#WC+P]XCMVF\%:_P!JTQ=.3_@IE\2/?B?]E+X9:?X*_9]_9Z\*_%O]F?]

M_9N^+O@GX4V'Q4_;\_9\^#WQ6_X2CX9Z[X\U'Q/X6\5:IJ&NZ?I=EJ.A_%'X

M`(*`7FC_``


^(WPZOKB

-AJ%EXEXE_X)N_!CQO\



?'G@34!\0-!U



M?%CQUK_QMTC7_$7Q!\1?LD^.;OXC_!CQ3JFFZYX`U'P+H.J:-XO.A:K?Z?X&

M^%'Q.OO$OA3Q-\/=*/A;Q%\'?AYXH^%GAFT\.Z*_PPNO#FJ^&]4\$^*[O2?%
MGAKXB:/X[T?Q$=/TFZN[5;FVGDN@#\^?BK_P4_\`V@/AQ^R3X*_:)\/3_LC_





M^SC^TM\5/!WQ+T;QUJ-Q\6-?^/'A+XI_$+P[^SM\)K_PAKWA/3_AF]M\._A*


)M


M5K748_#WBR.SM]2MY;.XO52&\@;9)Q.O?\$^/@QJWQ

^%M$T_4_FH6,5U/
MXF?Q(EKX%A\`^/OT#\/?M?%3X__`/!-'PC^U?\`!E?!OPO^
'QG_8L\'_M&



MC*^@T/[6\#_\%B?V@OVC?AG\
=)_9J_9OM;[]I_4/V.)OVIOB?X`O_#_`(C^













6A^*O$?







MQ[?7^J7GB:\USQ'9:Y9:OXAFFGU_2=7TZZO=
N0#\?OB-_P6F^
OPV^'W[4V



M$=YXGT_7?'&O:OXUO?2/C_\`\$DOA#^T3XX^-WQ0\8?'C]I+2_B1\8+3]E6_



MQA\
O`OL4_\`P3!\$R:/^T-HUO\`M
?M0V





MT9_P6'_9:_:Q^'WP]T;0_$_[2'_!N)=?&WP_X1\3ZZNF%)?B#^T[^SW\0O!O

0^^
M?L[?\$I/AS^S%\3/@;\6OA_^T;^TQXB\6?LZ_L47G[!'PRL_B5=_`?Q!X93X

^D^#M)TG5XM1@OO


ME'\8WTGP_P)$+?\*V\NPEOO$R7E[#9Z?)#X?CU72V\7:='=MK'@P:GIW_6
M:=HQOK7S?M.^OK'2[&\U/4[RUT[3=.M;B^U#4+ZXAM+&QL;2%[B[O+R[N'C@










^)/BCXC?!WQ+;:3=6$3:
MK\



'=?\.:YH?@7X??
M;PU\/+_`
2:NW@RRM_!47Q+^).NZ?K6O^.+CPC?:[I.I6%KX2O+S6[[Q(^O
MNOL_C+X/:]\3OVB?NM^*MT73O@C\*M.\-_$33(+6^M9-7^
?[05O?ZW9^%







M7]N:)9ZCKE[:P07VNZYH/A/0%UCQ=X@T/0=1_-30/V;O&OA7XY_\$.?V?-4\


/B)=`W%]X+U)[;Z?^+7P)^//@[]O'PW^VK\$?




M`
?:G\-;#Q!X#F^`/[1/P*\0)H_BG3/`OQ#:'7]#G^.&F^*[;3;OP^+;6;#P
M_J6F)J-C?7-F[`'Y[_L9?\%:_!.A?&3]LWX`_MK_`+1=UJ/Q$\/?\%5_B-^R





\F

M;X_?#6R\#2?$?1;NZ\-^(;3Q%!X`NM*%_K/A2W%MK^M6]];1:$MQ)'=&#XF^

NK:5X_\`#7AGXRWWBN#_`(1;2]

M+O'%WXRT[3M*`/M?X1?\%1?V;/B?\


-QK7[












T+P

MV@:QKWB/5;/6_$.O?%74P#]F_!'_``44_9'^(%MXGNM!\?\`C*PC\*?#;X8_




OVA/
M%/A7X`^



MXR?M@?$WX#:9X'^+_C[T:72?VC_``FOA7POH_Q.UKQ?\%_!G_%:MX9%O97
M?B&?PY9?$QNXGO6TQS+!;6EV`?1_P`2?^BG[
G[.7P\TG7?B9\2/'?C^Q\

KKP7\$_&






_AC#J'BKP#H_PVU;Q'X@;

M.O'7?A'##IC^$/$'C%=8T?2/[\=7TTNKPZ_X?TLZKHUBMI9RV.L7@NI$@]+
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`P_


M7P#\&/@]\*;[Q1JGPN^$_P`-/AMJ?CB[M;_QIJ/@'P)X7\'7WB^^LIM3N+*]

M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`P2(9&B#H94
M1)'C#`R*DAD6-V3.Y4D:*548@!C'(%)*-C+TW7]!UFYU6STC6](U6[T.\.G:

O@
MQ^RSXS^#G[7&G_#.#^S=*^



MH?JWPC_X+`?L2?MP-\4]
N/V-_$WQ
^-_P#P2P\5^#8+#6K#2O#7AOQ'XF\
MM;?M%:GXOO\`2)O#]Y:^-/VC/`&N37






MCX5\37FE[?[3M/#_`(ATC6;G3M\DD2?;H-.O+F6TW2Q2QK]H2/=)'(@RR
!_



M8TS0[ZUTRQUJYLM7O].O;FUTV[M]&U/3=6GM[V6:+3-0L;^1%M;N63@O!_

M3_@G_P#\%2/^F?Q?\3_`+37A$OIW@L7OPH\:_M[Z1XL\`_#X@:QX:O%TS2
M]
N?/Q)\::OKNGZ?JDFCR:O\.M.U*&[GM_#EI,/[1/$_PRC^S[XL\=_!7X

+



M5D\6:C?VV@IINK2ZAI\6F7S7XM;^2^LTM996N80_\@?[&_A'QS^RQ_P4'_;4


W@J+

FH_-:(66[Y$@!_1#I?[2_[..N




\4\$\3I+#-

M:YT2\@U+2KAH-2M0#[!MOVR/V0[WXF)\%K/]JG]F^[^

M9_B9)XO2V:]?PJG@.+Q0_BE_$B6:-=MH:Z4=46V5IS:B(%QZ'\2?C7\&_@TG

MUK=7[Z9IANKU;*VN+IH!!#)(O\IWB[X2_L_V7_!GSIL'AZ'2;#0H/V%OA[\=



MZ#)I/CZ/3Q\)=



)
MM.BUS@UPDOM!U_Q%I^J6D=]87-M?6;W%K&MS9W$%S7AEC=O\`.0^('Q(U


M`_K=^&_Q9^%?QCT.Z\3_``A^)?P_^*GAJQU6?0;[Q#\-_&7ASQQH=GKEK9V.

OI].FN$O(;/4;&YDA6&[MWD]`K\_?^;%GX:/
M[,/PJ\?7OA7P;\.?V@?VEO@G^S3^UG^U)\.OVD:5X.GTKXQ?%3]G;X9^`]9

_Q0T[1-*M=+LO@!\6



V&CZEXE
M^'OB:XT.\O8-'\9^'+/7]&DU_P`-WLD.K:-)J$%OJ5K:W):%?Q&\7?\`!3;]




M_P'Q?SU^/POXUOSK[:7



M*_&K]F7]L_\`:&\7?MQ:M^S5^TEYOP5\03V_[2OB#P#\











T73-0U5)H8M7T+0;WPOK8!_3_
M`$5_/C\5/V_?VV_#OBSQ!^SWX5\0?`71OBK\
O\`@JI^SC^PWXD^*7BOX.^*


MXM^)-8^.7P=U3Q;I7Q=O/AG^TC^WCXLB\*7UC\-/B#\*X/`EGXNL-!O_``YJ
M_B;3+/Q'?Z)9W6GW6C:


M-6$VJ^(_%OB_7-







`/Z&:Y[Q;XM\+^`










MO+17Y`?L-?MA_M%_%[]J/XK_``!_:?32?A%\4?`W@'Q7XRN_V=]4^%E_H9UK


MYX?\)V.OV'AJQS_C1\6/VEOA=^U9_P`%+O%OA#XT6%YX3^`/_!
G]G?]H;X6





M_P`%
?VIM*_9V_8+_:;NM$\*?!'X$?M/_L@_`7XS?$O]H6U^%VM_&KX3_`K]

M^'FM:_X9\`^=8^OB;QA9Z/XC^
'BGQCX
O_$_[7
'COP[=7GB?P-\&?!7Q
M.^''PX\*RZ-\








MDDCD(D:(SNQJH+
0`37\[.C_\`!5']KS4M3^(WAJV\-_LX^(+J+_@EM^T9





_ACXA^%LUT+/]H7]IRQN[/Q'I7B+X


M/CNFNX9(5Z6ORZ^
'QT^+/@3]L3]I?PM\
O@%\(_BY\1?`__``3/N/CU\#FL
M-'D\





^J:B`?I!17\]OP)_;5_:U\)2_%O0/B=\3_AA\3O'WQF_P




/^&?/$G[/


/BI\8/C;X!\9^/'\7?!S3?$'P]^&WP_P#&?C?X;^#/

M\5OC;XE^)7QR_8?^
2?!NUU_X6?#6P^)GPML/A3^SAXKGTKQ#XG\5_%#XU?'

M_P@$OQ`\&1SS_'K6M/&O7.M7/[


MXJZ?XBT/XB^*[[Q+I'AK3[_4/`.JZ%J?[14`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11

%/
M'W@_Q-X'\:R2R:AXC\+ZAJ96]7AO!?\`P2T_97\%7'[6WB:WM_B/K7Q8_;JT
M!/_[5/QMUGQ[?Q_$7XHZFEW6AKI<=KH-MH?PZ\`V8T74-1TE+?X8^`/!<$
M-E?/'!'$UIIKV.!\2/\`@K1^R[\$_OQTUOXYZ'\<O@_XI_9RL/@]XC^*/PH

M6ZLO@C7]&OO_CNV\,^+)])T+4N(\5?\%IOV2?`TGQGM?&?@3]KKPKJ/[/&I
M^KKXUZ;XA_9-^
NCW/PT^$_Q`DU







MKXLU+0_$]CH7#_&/_@IA^S]XK^#'[=^@-XM_:N_99\1?LT?`RS^(WBWXA77[
M


++PKI-K_`&];`'TMXL_X)Q_L7^.OV48?V(O%OP+\
ZQ^S+IN



0^#




?$67]J+4
/%;^&]1&CZU
M<^%_$EE+I7B'3++5?L]S+IO]L:/<WNDW%[9I%J-M:WL\VF7=AJ6U[;_`)T_




M\


M](\/V/BVSLO#VOWWC/QAX
U?6].^'\8!^LO[2O\`P3!_96_:L^&7P0^#GQ0L





M1XW^
%E\3Z/=:I<:AHVN:?J26]Y!^*7C#]N'X





?@#X7'P%^


M'B_QQX=LO'BSXK?%3XR_%#XE_&#5/FDRZ[/H/AJQ^)GBOQ5J'BOPIH/ARX

MFZ^*_CJ&+3M
LK*_BBURZN%U3^TYKC4)_O[X\_\`!9C]BS]GCXQ2_!_QOXDU


MS;3H8M

7`34;'4]
O



M?@[Q;=@Z7XC^*7BWQS\4O!7_``BGAJ*6W75/#VI7OB.6]M-*T'7[C3`#V[4O




M+TW1?.I^&[SP[H6C:98_*]G_P`%S/V3-3\*?%;7=$\!?'CQ?XE^G[2W[.G
M[






MQ13]KF/QS\
_%^M1?MVOX%?]JR*/X^_M%:1%\5H_AKI^GZ-X*LY8M#^+&FQ^

M?%7PK^(6HW?C_P)G@?XX:_I=M^TS^U#HGAJ+X\?#Y];0OCWX?\-^'_`(R:

M4_'6H?!KXS_!74M%\7?$'P9J?PW^

M#]FWP/HOP&_:Z^&NF_M7Q_&'3?@S\2?C%\(=\&?#W6_B#\X?'&I_$/X3W]


M7A7XK_$SQKX5\!1Z[-8VM@3X1T71GTWP_$?VCMI_AJ2727\O_:_P6?[$



M];_#W1_CAX1@^*$7@S]H=]!MM1O;635?CSX?^(^LZU:S?9M?U#58(XHX]7XG
M_P#!-']B3XSV/[1FE?%#X)IXRTC]J[Q'X
\9_&[1M3^(?Q731=:\;^`--TC2


\.




M`



M\
/AUJ?BS6O`GP\7QIX]UG7?$$GAKPSK'CKQ?JT0NKZYU?6M7U^^U?Q1JNNZ



M+?G1/B7XE\6_#Z?7_%'QPT/X'W\G]@?KQ)JF@:IX?^


?Q)\47VI^.?@_K?C/]ISXL_M%
MZG\6/@#_`

MPUXP^&WBO6=1\#^




MI\2K[QKKNM6.@_%3XP6?@'0/&7Q)T[5-%^('Q%^&GPN3Q[_PKKX1_$SQ=H.L





_M#?%2X\1_MNC_@G_XB\'^`!^S_`.)_$/P[^/MY9-JGAN/Q/JNA
E(UYX)^)O@#QIXS^'MZ<P^(?$_AAH[AH`#]-/V=OV<?@_\`


:9I.A:;8Z=;_`#-'_P`$M_V
;;X2




^-7@_QSXH^!NB^+/@=\5?A7X6^(

+_BI;?#X7W=E\6?%6F:'XM^*K^&/!OB

M_$/QCKV/@C2_H#3?^E7PK\3?M4VO[*?P_^#'[3?Q0U6;PU\!O'E[\;/AQ\
M
=(\5?L]:%\-?VC_``Q\0?$?PQ^)?B#XA6GC1-1TGP3J


M=9\1_M)_M
^)?$WBO]GS0KWQ5J6G^!;WQ7K_`



/B[XV




M8^#;_3M8OO#K:[X$^
_A+X6?$C0K/Q=X:EU7P?:2WMQ;V?R'^W)\:_%GP^_X


M;\


KC6%\


M\.O'WCSX8ZCH=N_B;4/&VD^%[/5-;T\`^TO#'[#7[/?A3QU\'OBE8Z=\2+CX


R:%
MH]CJVO7\6C^'[6PT'3!:Z/IUA96WR-_P4!^/_A_P)^P!XG^
WC6#]L?X0^%O




M\6=?L=9\-;])T.ST#3?$EMK
/@_1_#GAC0?`T+1/#.@:?IT?PZ_X)H?L=?

9-

M/%GQ


?$0\



?^NVF_

_#/Q-






U_P#9I\



\7?$;7_`(*_


_CE\%OV?=:\2






M\;^








M^RIX(G^
/QMUCQYHWA_X%2^*M+\7V7@F+2I=.TY=1BTG5-#T5;+4M:GU/5+E
M-(TR[UF\U76+&VU2/])Z*`/S)_:B_P4O[/?[6WC+XZ^)OB/\0_VC_#WA_]
MICX/^&_@[\=/A9\



M(/%FJRZ[XJUU=&TZVTY=9\2ZW




M`(1/X==3^UC_`
$^_P!K#X^7_P#P5T;PNO[/&DV?[??[$W[.O[




MXL?!7XF7_AK]GGX1_$7X-:K^R[JGPT_:U^&OQ.^)V@?M0_##P%\.Y?AEK?[0
M7[-OB;P]X8^%N@^%/VC?A%\4[S0_BIX6T/3/B+\4](\(:#9_$M_&-Q\/-0UC

MB_IWP2_;
^-OQ'NO!TGPK_:`^-_P];X+Z+X0^!_C_P`#PZ)XTD\9^
_`7@[X



M76G[/_B;5/'WA+Q%X\3:Q8^+/@MXF\%_
IJ-MI][!\1K]YKEH[GPZ_X)/?
M&;X$Z7\3OAO\


FD+?3/$NIS_.
G





\+_I-^RSI7[95OX7


MK]D#]N;]GG]JKX_WW[/_`

M(UO:7EEK?Z[44`?AM\4?^=?[3/CSX`?\%._@]8:A\K'5/VX_VR?#'[2'P]

M\2=)^('A#X@^+_VB_@7\5/&/A7P1HGQ6T#X&ZI!?Z5\+O&?A/QMJGA&ZUWPS






M$OPG_9G\*_$CX%?M0?\`!-GQ#9_$WXH_&WXJ?LB_'3X4^+_AK\;6^!GB72_&




=!U.




MUH7AW]HS6M4N7U?6-&AN=2\%:?I]IJ-M#XMGU;PC^ZM%`'XN_L]_\$__`-H[



'[.


MW?B1OZ(Z*`/S^_;W^`7[2W[1/P3^%'A+X)^*_A1IGBCPQ\;/A=\0OC1\./B=
MJ/C_`$3X


)OA_;7'C3^
MJZB@#^6WX/\`P



MOPW_`

W@;XW226EMX4\+^*
M-1UK5=:UCX;Z-X533IET6TM--\0:IK[:O+=:)::%K7Z.44`?C5XG_8#_`&D%
M\=?MV:C\-_'/PB\*^`O^G7PV\&V'Q\T#7+[Q7XCUK]F7XR6_P`%[#X_$7X


M*





MG_:L^




U&^^&M]\-/!5W\



M'AS7]2\+_P!M6V%NY-)L-672Y?M9TE[N/[!+\C^)?V$?VRO''Q3_`&WOC1XK
M\0?LR#QQ^US_`

M_OXI?`;QG\$?VI_AMK?QB_:0^$/PK\+:!\.K_]H3]FK7])C^&_AO0/VA_A

M7X2?$[XH0^


_9J_X71X[^#.I^)/V)OV6OCY\!/@_K7@JZ



NM2_9

M8TN]UC0#8C7=)M-0M+G4M%.J6YO-
&K6

SW6G'4;16NK$7D4/VNW4SV_F1`

M.C^
M)T+5+^_\

J`'H]%4M2U+3M%T[4-8



M2/[._P`%]6LM`^






MC?X7ZUHA\3:-\2/'BW0/$O@+5O#@MVNSX@TSQAHVH7OAZ_T06B/='5;749;
M`6Z-,;CRU+``[FBOC-/^CG_``3TDT#6/%:?MX?L9OX7\.ZT?#7B#Q(G[4/P

M![;17S=XA_;$_95\+_`NY_:=U3]H7X0S?LZ69MOM7QQT/QUH'BGX60)=WD.G







MWN(Y=&U*]0DCVC_A+/__5'P+_PD6B#QK_PCX\6#PD=4LE\2-X7_M(Z.?$4


MH_'GP+X



(HKCPYX<\/#2#J

MYX_\.:/H'@?QA*=*

M8[B.=@#Z3HHKC_'/Q#\`?##03XI^)7CGP?\`#SPPNH:9I!\1^.?$VB^$M!&J

M4S0W\]I^UW^S+J(TS6]1\



M-5N/B)X:L/#GQ

M+G56738[





MPD\7?%?0-(UKQ!KGPT\





MJ\M-3T?6-


MXDUGPI\28]6\1ZI/I
ZY<22:I<&W@:6[9H8BGRI\
/#OA#X







M6:ZGCTS1=


M^$/VB?C;'96WQ5^+7PO_`&Z?V[/A#XL\:Z;I=II&GZ/H.K7/PL_:2\'VP\
:



M4M/&VH3^/_&5QX?\*:=K-S8:)#I7A328M/GF

7P3_:@^





3



/B0^&-4O[:VOK_2;B[M




WC+Q1\0/




M!^&O`\/_``:.?MU_%_PK\0+'QMXI_:D\7_$W]H[XUZ'I6C/X6T7X0?&[QE\=

\46M_8
MM#^Q9^RO;_M']KV^/@JU_:4.GPZ


O]@;6=*^+WA^_P#V5_A._AGX





M+8?`RP\%'X;V'PR@-[_PC%A\/_L3Z9#X*L;5[MIK/PQ9Z2PT;3=$MIXM/TO1
M(K?1M.@M=+M;:TB\J^)G[?[(GQC_9Y\-?LG?$WX#^?&'[.'@S3='T?PE\'







/BCQ





M

MU^&VEZEHO@*VUZ\+

$UO(TJQ
MSQ20NT$\]K.J2HR

M`/!1BTU;3K'5+6+_`(*R?M5:I%;:C:6][;Q:GHFI_#'6M%U&.&YCEC2^TC6+

MBN=7TOQE8?$3Q=XCTR\O=7AO]&M=!MDL])L_Z*/A#^R)\`_@3X=^*OA3X9^%


MII5K:6]OIMKIMO;K:P:?;V


M]6L_$FN?#?PSX6U7Q#9ZKJ=IK5Y?6]_=QS=/IO[)O[.NC_&/5?C[IGPKTS^
M*NMZ\WB_4O$$-QK`TV?QW)X33P#/\2(_!S:FW@FU^*-WX#C7P/?_`!.L_#D'
MC^_\&[OU[XCGT*22P8`_`WX=_M/?\%`O#OQ3\-^.?&/[:ES\4/AYHO_``6[
M\=?\$Z-;^#-[^S]\!/#7AGQ;\#M=AUJV\-ZGJOB_PKX1LOB%IOQ&^'&H7.F2

MOBO0KJWAT:UT[0/#FF_#[1_#'PW\/?#SPN\EC:_T'6'_``3P_8CTNWTVTT[]



M:_VE?VL/VU?V5?%NIZ1X?_;0\3_M-:E^SA^T1_P3F^'QUMM3^_[
/PG^':

?O'$'[9\'[/NA?`7_@HO\`





M\=_$3Q$R/K?C/Q3)I%I:MK7B#4V0-=:C?&:=V+D





MV*'_`&=M3M-(_:(^)OA'PE\._$WA#Q!X!\&?'#Q_\2OC-X4OOV2?C-\3-0^#
MGBK2?%7B/X.CQK\._CK\$E\.ZS\/M;EL+JSUW2M3U2__`%6_9U_8M_9*_9&N


M*_V5/B1I7B?1/'/P




MS]NC]B']H/6OCQ+X!\










^&
G

_PIL_VZ_\`@E'XO^.7

3











O@WKG[+7P8\0

MO^*/PJ@\$^&K?PC9^!?B)\0/-C\;^
]`L?#S:;9VOB'Q983S:'K^I-!)/J?A



_C3:?M&^+KB/P-I%C/XG^.]AY[6/Q9UZ;3X;

MR9\

M[P]9ZCX9U;]T/V(-*_;:\











MB[P)X]N-&LOAO'JG@_Q!X5\8?!WP/J\5E\-_$'@_PMJ
37^D^)=$UNSU%5C\
MR_9#_:



M`


MO:ZUJ
?B/PL=


=!\4?$

M58:+X_\`AUJEWH-R?%?B7[N_83_8.T[X;)XQ^)_Q]^&-]I?QKN?VS?VS/VD?
M!VFS?M!_$WXK?#+03^T5\=?C%\1?!?CWPU\)]0\21_!3X?\`Q7T#X4_&&Y^$


M^(7[









MH'C.;7;B#1M0T:UL-$F_6;5?^2G_!.36?'CKP'??LH?#G_`(17XE?$CP1\



M%]
U6\

M9_#?P';^'0#\\O\`@W.L/$=]_P`$A/V+O&?C+Q
GC'5]=\!^.+_1;Z^T'3K/




M#7[?/[2&M^
/^:Z_%?1?@3XJTGXW:#_`,%%/OQOUWPQ\
?&-C\1;?X@_L5
MZEXI\.V'C'X+23_$G5=(\




M\9M5\1Q?$?QWXQU7QC-XXU'4;V_OH/$NK:E8V-]=W]WH]II]QJFJRWP!\$0?


5G:_M/$^C_'2WUG3O`FOZ#\4?!UWK_@J
MUB\(3ZIX0T+C/^-7QX_:G\-:?\`\$[?V4OBYK?P4\6_`SXK?\$5O@5^TU\$





M1GQ!\1/V)O/QP^_A3]L+]G2W\/?'3_`()@?&CP[XSLE\
)'\=?@?\`M
?M
MV.@OX9\$:A^SS\3OBT_Q%BU?PCI'B+3_'_P?GFL?%2SZUX)LM4\,7]IXGTV
MWOOZ?B3I/B_7OAUX^T/X?:[IOA?Q[K7@KQ5I/@CQ-K.E6^NZ1X=\7ZCH5_9








MWX3\(^-O?BY_@?K_B[1?C9XM^'/A/PS\1/A[K/Q5\6^%O`^H+X-LO$]Q;:?
MI_B?7O!7Q$T/PC\[_LU?\$@?VH/V/[3X(7/[-?[?FE?S5H/V;O@+^SE^UGI

UR3P'=:I?7'C






M6OM-\









MD\!^)=:^+\GQR2/QO/-X@^)GC-O$&EO\-?#EUJ&A?\(QI=MXAT_4M&U7Q!XD

OBS8


:;\)OB+?_LY?M`R?%KX1ZSXVT'X[^/=1
MT\+\9M`^%?Q#A^&T_P#PF&F?VAH?A72W_0[]G;]EK]H'XTV'_!.CXNZMXI^`



\$?


M_9]^
LG[:NL^

+GQ3I_[7=Q+?^)%^+OC;3?$]



J?&%_B9<^&=8^.FJQ_%3PKX'E^$^I9^-_P`8/B-\

9XI/B/X`_\$??B
MW\$+SP)K



M4CT-M?/AOXF^#/##^/?%NGZ$FF^&-33O^26B3_#WX.?+QE\;;OQ!\-_AA_
MP2C^*W_!)W6;/1?A\/#/BOQ?\+OBYHGPE\
:_P#$RW\23^.O$.G^&O&MGH/P





MYK.B#X9Q_#.Z\6^'=!U/7/'8\+ZS]CC36M
M;S7?$T&FZM'9)[^
QOX9\'



^E?\%1O^;/COX,??\`:1^(]KXOL?\`
M@K!\%-0_9T^''Q]T/0?'[0-K^RN/AIX;\)_$6[\_%3XM_#3]GOPM)H7CCQ

?M)


M`.VD_;FL?VJ_AEXDTGP7\!_VI/#OP)^/?P`_:2\5_!']KKP;JD_ASP9K&F_
M=;KP^FM7'Q^#?CV'XD?`&_^)4

MMSX7M/E7_@B9_P`%!_%/Q%^`7[!?[+OQX^$W[17A_P)'Q(_87TWXS?S]H[


MW:'X9^













ESHTSOBA_P3V_:P_:$_98/P6_:%_;WTOQW\8[7XO?`#XI:-
M\8]!_97\


7PP\3Z!
?CI?\`P?\`





MBVY\(:MXIE@\/]M\/_\`@J9KT'@S]GCP!KWP-\7?%W]J7QC^Q+^SQ^UU\0?A
MG\/O&'PFTOQGXG\%_%[5?$7A/4?$/P9\$ZYXF\/ZC\5=7\/7'@#QEX_^(/@_





M'\;OBQJOP9USQ%^S;^RE\6O!?P0_:J^

M'X=S6



M^.O[/WCKX(_LY_&?_@E'^T)^TM\*?C=KO[.OP*^'&A_![XUZ)^U%\%_BG\-?
M@)X8T*_^(U[XHTN+XD_%_5K_`

3P?X5T'PO^M7P=_8`^
M.?P-_:%^)/Q!^%?[7L_P\_9I^/'QIC_:@^



M5-&TSXQ^!OA)!^T#J^MWGQ3^&_A;QX]W\*6^=[IGC&'QSX=^'WBX;4];T'



M?@_6I==.K^*5UU+RXT.V\-@')W7_``6+\?:O\/\`]D_5OAC_`




MTO7/$$*:SX@N-7GLFCMG@T1-:U2]TG3=0^=M5_8:^+/B7XE_L
?%;QM^UGK/
MQ`\7?L?_`!'^)?Q7\4ZIXN^$GAQ)_C/XM^*WPB\7_`[7[2RLO!_B7P?X;^$G

/VA_AI
M8?#?PQXO^%WA[1K[Q98W/Q
\*_&SX$67[1GPG^+_`

9-%\0:/XG^%'CGX:W

`?B%^U)^T[\?6_P
MB'_!(;XL^`?V;?VE+;XB_$SX9_\`!5[P/XG_`&-]3^
7A?P78^
-8^`$?@+P




MQ!_92T[QQ'IT/Q^\:^+?%WB+X\?!G3I_CII7ASX-_M(MI_C76?`&M_$9M`\=






_#FG7WBJP\1@'(?
M#+_@KWH.NZ3\6?$?QG_9?^








36+74(HOM#XQ?\%+8_@9J'[8OAWQW^SI\0!XM_8W_`&



_C#_`
$M/B%\:F_X*6)XG_:A\.6%M^WWI/[.-OX2

MK32]6TZWN;(:9E_M6?\`!+GX^_M


M?Q

?$K]IJ27P


M)O?CWXC7?B:\\%7^A?$#1M:NMT2U_M?3M/2^M;S[7_`&1O@Q^UO\+-'O\`

:'Y7\7_\`@KKH
MGPD^*'[5/P]N/V-_VK/$NA_L6^*_@K8?M#_%'25^!-MX&\*?#CXTZ0?$6D_&


Z/H</BR+QO\
OC$=(\5:?)XE\'W'A^*Y31[
M;)^





MOQ=O].^'F@RZ=\0=6U+QIXEO!JG@32?$GASP[XSUGPS\M_LX?\$NOVGO@=\1
M_P!C#6_$W[5GP5^(G@+]C3QK^VIXF\.Z9IG[



MN9!?VX![M_P2*^


M@5J^A^
]$^

MMUIUSIIE\0V_AHOI4VJ_NO\`\$Y/V7_B'^QG^QY\*/V;OB?\0O/Q1\6?#F3
MQL+GQIX*\(:MX)T75+?Q5X^\3^-80-$UGQ+XINEO('\1S17-PE[:VS$)!!81
MK;FYN_SV_9?_`.4W[1GP$\8?\$N-5\8?'7X*?$C0/\`@F3\./VH_@OX7A\-



_BK8QZSH;_`!-T;XI?#70].LM!



/A7JWCBQ\%?%#PWXC_:!\$_##Q-HG@[X-Z%XN^(UUI'A[PMX8N_`

_8
_9[_`&QO@AX)AL?`_P`0

M;:;1M/O]7`/I+X/_`/!97]ECXP:Q\(98?!/[1?PU^%'QX_9[^(7[1OPI_:(^
M






M\FN4MY/Y//V'OV6_GB#PM_P1:LOC-^PM\3;G1O@C\,?^C'AGXGZ?\`&?\`
M8X^(UM!\*-(U[Q=-KOPF\(^/?#?Q#^'

M_U[2'UD`_J1\1_&SX,^#]!\)^*O%OQ;^&/A;POX]^Q?\(+XD\1^/?NB:#X

M/7[2.D_M0_3]D7]LWX%^_@W\4/V2/B5\8OV8OC;X&^(OQSB\2R_L9?'[PE



MWO[D`_I@TS]H[]GG6Y/$D6C?'GX
:M+X-\


^)7@
M^_G^%]A\.=*\9GPO\09+[Q/XXATC2M#\8ZIJ1\9W&B2WVLW\/P9^S3^QAI'B
M6^^`6I_M$_L$^.);[P#_`
&\/PI_9H\=M\5/V7-8\72+^T9\)YK+PU-X1M&L



^)'@V_T+PIXF\R*'_A'?$NKVFLRZ?H6N^=-#%_9&J7%KJ'F2Q1_
M9]TB`_R\1_L1_&/2=&^$?@K]E#X#^



MW^





/AK





/$GQ$L?#











OA'XE_:`/[%OA_Q;\7[KPP^MZ$
$?VD/&%



M




4WPCKWB'X]_\$9/VN/C1_P4B%MJOQ6_X)0_


W%WHTH!_4A117\MOA[_@H


M*BOPC^)WPW\W_\`P4__`.D^E:CX9TS5-*^*/\`P1Q_9UU[Q]I6K1R:KI?B




?&*U^
_Q6_:(\=P?#'1O

M?Z)XHU1+BZBT\`_:^BORC3_@I=XA\&W_`.TKX.^.W[.R?#GXI_!KXS_LO?!G







MX*^%?[//[W[,'A3Q=J_PJ_8(_9V_:0N/@SXH^,VH_CP]\

_B1/8_#?7-&M-'UK1/!OAO3]'TW0=4U7QK%)X@MK2

M]




'A+7+BTT9_'6E?\)KX2\!ZQKWB3P9\
M
9[_`%C4_$WC?PO\+]6UF[\%^%]7\3:'X`U&^-KX;F_+YO\`@HQ^UW\7_B__
M`

?V7?C-\2O


M'7P_IG[0`\8^%/`VD_M/_#K7/B7\#OC=\*?&J_!GP^GQH\-:UI&B3:-XQ\*Z

KOQC\+_#_@


M\

M_P#@JU:6UC/\:-*^!=SK_PQCI/[9?L.^)_COIGQ$:X^)&@_%%_C/IW[.A^




M\:7.@KXB\

[/Q9X)\5B[^'?CS5]'T


-\0-(^

O!DG]@Z)KP!^P%%?A





^
/%ESX7\):]\:O`?P

M_9NMM#\



MU[]E/XQ^$/V*K_\`9Q^-/[3UE^T]%X;^


M-_X+*?LX_$[XE_!;PQ\)(?&__!(C]IO6?!K:%\9K[XI:SJ?AC4OVK?V(]?L-


M@'[J45^9/_!13_@H5X@_8)\
:SXY7X)Z#\2/!WA+X-^/?C1XCO-:^








M

2_#_PA\1?V

M?@]X



MLVWOQ_\`V'?[!\=?`C]I#X?:CI$?BOXG?'GP5I/@#6+[Q%\._B9X2\9Z=JGP
M:^-%Q\
M(^

'B]=%`/W$HK\9_C=_P5H\3?!#X


M%JFB7%KXG\`01_&CP#I?BKQ&WC'2O%=CK=[JT6B?#[Q%HV@ZEKL(!^M%%?'G


GQK


M#1??_-:UIVOZR/%ND6[?.WQVTRYTCX\_\`!Q*FC^+?B5HTA_X)F?LE_$O3

27.C^!;OP[
MH=Y)83R7FFSOJNKM?@']%-%?


M]_;=[A/EF/_`(*8Z=!\,/@O\9-0^`7C2Y^&7QR_:8_9H_9T\$?$'P7\2/@W
MX^\#^(;/]JG6?'A'X?_`!


\/B_]I+X7?&']E_XH_`KXR?L






%Q!J$VAZQ.=/TC5=!\4:1JNDZEI4<*Z=?ZE]CT`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?*7PZ_9AB\&?'+]K#XN:]XGT?QKH7[5L

M@5\


^(]:L&U


M%\-7^E65KI

9?$?\`P3+F^&7Q?B^#7@'_`()9Z[X&U_X%



M@U^VU^U-^WMX3TN\/QQ_:S\(_;P9X[N;M;$Z9H6E_W1ET68^%$@M(;NQ?Q
!O#^HPI;77]H27OBG[6'[?FGZ)^SWKGQ2_9-^(WPZ



M07P3_P`%)-5TN\N?C_X`_9TUW]G#PZ'6Q/A^TT'6O%=SXB3QDD/V0:@GC?3=
M*UKQAX)M-46^$





MAHZ:1H]KIVIZIXDU_7OSH\*_\$5M7^'=I_P51\)?#3]IW0O!/PA_X*FZ'\1-
M




M4?V*=^#_PT-\:?#WQ/U+XE^&OV9_A)H_QP^(EA\./A]\1O$VM77PQ\4Z3X

=#T_1M6O
M+(`YZ]_X)U2?&']HW]F;]IK]LCXQ6O[1GC']C:V\2W7[.?A+0OA1HWPE^&V@








M`(0'49_#-B^K^!DM)-.UB#_0-5N;VP3[._K\O_!27]C*UAL;G5/BQJV@6FJ6
MGP












V\)'PE\+])UQ_$NF6V@
M^-/'FM^'_`^N7\6M:=I/B.\O_#7B2VTD`^2_VM?^+^C?ME_LL_`W]E[XO?M
M;?&N^@^#G[2/BC]K35/BU!X4^%@^)/Q)^-_B+Q3\5/$]MK'B*-?\/@?1?#'



MOQ.WB*T\$^.O$?PQ\:6=[H7B3PKX@\'_`!!\)&T_X2'P?XJ\*^
-'T#Q/X=U

MM2\1_M(?LF?LA:Q^QK\*_BQJ6F:'&H\!7D6B6NA^*];\
1V3V]QXV\*:=IWB
M'2M(NM
U32=$ETWXF?$RUU#1;M==T=O#GQ]\
/\`@AGX

M/_%'5_!W_!0GXA^









MSX9\1SZN@:^VGZM;:3J5Y=Z-JL%GPOB_P#;=_9A\?$ZS^$/B;XDSVGC.Z^
M*W@/X$W

MSR/@CHOP1G_:`L_$OAG4_P!HB\L]+\(6/@V_^(=UXS\8^#O%?AV[^*7B.RM+




FLWGB#

?





M73_`'B34O%

TB*^U=X+

M[]JW]I[]I_P9K7@3PG\

^'MWX;O?AUJ_PO

_&MAK7@?5M`TX)XB7QWX3\&^

M[]FWP99V-C\+K&^T&[U;P-X2\


7B'P_JWAOPS

MXV?`WP0?M/@;4Y/!-WXD_LWP#\7_`(;ZS/K?B#X=^/-*U/6=TW4O%WBJT\6
M^`_''AZZT70M`^J?`/[;/[+OQ1\5^%O!G@+XL:=XCUOX@^&_%/C#X7R6OA_Q
MC;^'_C%X5\$?9#XO\0?!'QA?^';3PC\:](\-KJ&GRZS??G7/&$%A#J%A/.Z





M=4T^UOM1\.'5-%A\5^%?$WA+Q%XM\`^-OUQJNF?VUX1\6:Q%IVJZ%K\6C:_
MI/R;XL_X)?Z;XRO?7C/4?CUXOTKXN?\-K?#;]O#XR?$#P_X







]-^(_AFV^$?A7P;I

MPY^T=K7QB3Q/IWP_^(?PL^%?B&UUOX_:EX6N_$-[XDO?AO\``;X=Q_$'QG=P

LKC]VS7_P#@IC^PKX:A^#TVK?M%^$1)


#VUOQ$9?`/A#7XO#NAPL^A:!JFG?8*?MZ_LH77PV^'7Q:T7XI3^+O`
M_P`6/AWX^^+?@&[\!?#[XH?$+7M<^&GPJGTQ^)WC:7P1X(\%^(/'&BZ!\.]

M#FC^&-#L=

.HZ3%X!_:O\`&6C^






:'?^(8=9U



M\

M7A'XO_LO?LS^)/V

M


^

O=$L=4

&K_`!KT#0-4^%5Q\0K;

\/P^%/%7B*);73(3J+ZO=6&I?VJL&GMIMW
M\!ZU^VY^UGI'[+W[4OQ-/Q$\&W'C7X$?\%B?AW^R-IE^OPQTN#3]7_9\\7?M

VIW_\`PF=S-K-]+J&G9CLK5;NW?2OU7\:?
MMG?LS_#SQC#X'\9_%TT'5'^)OA7X+76MW/AOQG-\/-%^,'CC3;'5O'PM\4
M?%BS\.7/PN\)?$+Q'9:OH#:3X/\`$_C#2-?O+GQ3X/L(K`W_`(P\
6VK`'P;



;30^


/AAJWB'QE

:5?)Z)
M\!_V$O\`A0W[0$WQ_P!+_:+^
'B[4_$O[-?P2_9X^*OA'Q1H/P7B\/?%:7]G

MI






MRE^T3^SI8_%#PSX

MQ;H5S?\`A7PSKV@_VUH-W)X6UO39]4T


M#Q/X:T71/%/BKQ+X'\.QVOA[PU\
--^'7A7PI+KOA+PAX0T&PN=`G\+_`*?T
/_`-HWXT?L9_%W
MXR:C\*/V,]9\*_!_Q3??L=?%]^-]EKD7P:C_:IFO;#XQ?&+XGKX7'Q5^+[?


M/BS5_$WQ?TJ[TOQ_XLUCXW?#70O%_BBT\






/BCX;^
-
UO1/V=]7^)5C=:LOQ8\2^`9]=^+L^G





_PW^/\`\.O`










MA^PC\'_A%^RSXKE_:T^'W_!-']K#X5_M
?![3_B3^R)XA\8:1^SY\;_VJ?#7




MPTLKOQ/H=EX@\:Z



M(/[)G_!2+X@_&K]KO]IVP_9Y^&G@SQ=J'[0'_!.']JO]G3X5WG[1/AS7[3XJ











M@Z'J5KXF^#OA?]M#5/VY/`1?PI::Q:?$JT_:)UOQMJ%G\+_&6CW_`(0MOA?9



K3X13_#'6_%'A#QGH_A_XSZ'=

M&'_!;+XG_P#!1'PCX^(7Q3\):9HWQ2^OCO]IOXG_%JST2Q\;^`)/B5!X0\




OPCN_%.G^(_A/XLN/%W








?\-T^)?$/B7X

MBUC]A_\`:.\8_`#X'^`?%W[*7QK\'?%OX1ZG^W!\1O@M^T?^SS^TY\'/AG^T
M3^S7\7?C9^T?XI^(/@&P2^C^+UCX)\:?!KXG?#WQ-H;?&CPK?:AXXTD:WX#M


-4^!?C'QIX
D:5<6?Z:T4`?RYV?[$/[</A_XM^)_$VF?LE7%OX)\
M5?\`!6?]C3]N6R@@_:O\
?%GQ;I/P=^$W[-GACX5?$VV\6^+/C%XITGQ7XF^

M\




M_@D3\
OV4-6B\%?$?X07

(?$G







M2M5U:[U.X6'UBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`



3I(



M^)_P\C^(VA:

MU87`G\DAZ`/0Z**\P\(_&[X


/!GA'Q]X






7P\M-:\$Q:-J%OI.KR^+M*N/$4=]X;CTK5;RTTS4GUF
MR6QUZM[*Z
5S/%&P![Y17S;X=_;*_9`\7Z]H_A7PE^U9^S;XH\3^(=2L]&\




M-A+XU@FDCBF\*H6UV*61(WL%=E!]#H`****`BBN)\7_`!*^'/P^N_.G^/?

MZ1H/]H?8_L_VS[%_:EY:_:OLOVJU^T^1YGD?:;?S=OG1[M31-=T3Q+IEMK?A


L+[9(



]-T'QIX




MXNT?X?\`B%/%6A-+H7CSQVC+H'@G68Q?E]
\7:XWB+P^NC^&[T0:SJ;:[H

M3)#*\5K#OGD6*1D1@C$`%RBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H

M9Y_;K\??[]KWX-?LWWG[3_[07PT^-GQ_P#A1^V;\+GQZ;GXU?#7PU\9?`M












_V=O&OC_P`?WVC?
M$/X9ZK\*O&OC^V;P-9_$77_#WB/0Y/#GBJ^FFB\#?\(-8ZYXFT:ZU&TU&[TG








MB)HGQC_:?'QU\&Z=\8--L/V@-1^



MDGPGA\.?$SPCX2AG\

MX2\.?UA^`/A?X7^(GAK]LWXY?&G]E+X=_L\?&C2M&_:2_9/TSP=8VO@/5O\`
MA


MG4)I:`/X@8X/B3_P1&^%J_LM?$KPYKG[0O\`P2N_X*Q?LE:1K7P
U+4K'PS\
M1+7]GG]O+XF?!#25N-%@OK][&S'AF^\?2Z5XKLIY;

_!=[K_CGX
M;?$UO$'Z=_\`!VQ^SQ\$_AC_`




7WQ9^$GA_2O!VG:1'X^UF^UKQ?9

M


/VF[BSNOC3J.GZ1K5M


M&0:;XCT^ZTN35;S^WY+)M?LM+U.Q\O\`&_\`P3^_9]\?_MI_#;]O[6U^(%I^

M.\51:NL&JZB]_ISV-S;6







M5_P3N^+_`

:
M+KNB^.OV7M*_8V_:WM-'F;4]=O+_`%O2;W0[^#0U\(36DFLZGHDFFZM\//$&
MHV-U\--$N]7\H^/7BW]J7_@E_:?M'^%_VS/V=O!__!1#_@B7^V+^TCXQ_:&T



M'N=8TKPUX@:S_MGPWHUY9_/EQ_P35_91NOAU_P`*2N_#WQ&U+]GZY\2W7B_6

MX8:EJ8^T:KX+OVDF\T`_.?\`X.9_V@OC'\$O^-GQW\??L\Z]XB\/:EXUUKX
M1^!=?^(G@S5&T?6/7PP^(OC/2-.\0:M9:G%+!?VMMXN@GT[X=W$VFE=12T\
M=2/`UL!)=6_YQ?\`!;GX:?_]ES_`((_L0_&7]FO4=(^%7Q0_9'N/V
M?\`

M

DXE`

M_BW#;^
?&MMX5\
Z396.C^&_#5YXAU34;VP\-Z9:1:7I
=V]EI\
%C'!;0X6

'/`





O['
M?`'XE_L??M._\$3OVT/VNOV:;FX\9^

M?CC8?`?Q


M`&J-

MK0KK3=.E-K0!^*/_``0-\(I\6_\`@GC^QEX._::_9I^%O@#]G3X-?!3PS^U7



W[2OQ^T/X
_:?B;^V)H

/'/CKQ'\+IM$;1;JZT9-+L










?#^N-\1OBA^T!I_C#2?@]\(OB

_[*_PR_9.\





M-/Q@_;#\*_\`!*_]K@Z]\

M/B9^M7A__@F?^SGX9T+2/#NEZO\`&D:=HG[8&L?MTZ?]L^+_`(KOKN+]HOQ%

M*?L3:5XCTK6M+\)?%O2=#\


?.[\1V



MQ=\6_M`ZMI7BWXF_'/QM\+;CX':U\4_BQX[\4^.O$-K\&KO5CKUY\





/QI_
^!_A2[^U
MY^SUJO[-?COXA6NB:%X*^+VB_$?Q3X=\#?%OP=X\^&OP;_;$_:0\:^#/$_P[



M1?A9\2_`6J_#7X@Z#KFI:E:77BSPKKND2:)K4%]K?A^ZT76;#4M0M)99?[;T

6
M3X$_%/Q_\&?%G[/_`(
OO$W_``42^-GQ;_9UOO&WB[P#K/B__A/8/V??A?XN
M^%%UX[TAO%MI\




MW=:_X)G_`+


FNZDUP`





MP1I5AX;NI;634/#^DZAXETK2[JVL?$^MP7H!_/U^Q=^U?XQ_9L\*_M._#/X/

MQ;X#^'?PQ_:9U6Y'B'XV:C\9_`U[%X(U+]H'Q'JWPSLO!OQ13Q`GB+3_`/A$

MT;X0_;'^-MIK_@/X6R:?\
-
_9X_9O\`C=H?P0^%/CKP[\
?C/\`MC_!?4/B

UO]H/\`







4?\)+I'X7_

M^$/BK_@H?^UP/%W]IR:UIGPT@\'W^D?LZ?$#X?P_#W3_``;JVK6SGPKXK3Q\




MLMM


F\







W[-_[0?C?X?P^*/C#^R7I_


'@+_@H[^T7XTU3]EG]EO4=)^!7A7]LK
MXY_'[]O+X)^

?V?





M3Q+H2?#NZM+RXN-'U30S-JMIJ$ACN[!Q;VAAN)3=6_H.K?\`!._]G?6K#X7F
M[;XFVOC/X5?'#QE^T=I/Q7\/?$[Q5X/^*FO_`!E^)/@KQ/\`#KXD^
?%7B_P
M?=Z#/?MXY\#^+]9\)ZIHNGVVD^'M(\
C2O#7A#2O#7A[0=$TNP]=_:#_`&7_









M2/P'JWCRRTSP=X=M+Z\M-
T[1O%DNEV6J^.M$\4ZY966J6WEO@;_`()*?LP_

M`


?


MM6@M=2A_'7XN_P#!.'Q5^S_XY_X)B_!/]FKQ)^W'XH^%WPR_;H_:=_:*\;_'



%.?VO?B])^

8O
MH5SX1^&^IWWC#X=:IX\\!ZO/H\MS::)XEU?1+C3K&ZM_#4\]WK=A]DWW_!
7


MCC]G#0_$MMJ_BG4=
\



M









M]IS4=0_:4_86_:RN_P!J+1?#'QWFUGX*Z;INJ?#CXH:C=6WA;4K+X97MAX'^






_MHS_\`

M6U/2_%NHZ

M`/V9_@)XVO\`P/\`$'Q-XI6?PSXH^$O@SXF^*/#/P[\;^
/`'P6\2_'C7-*\

M!/\`@H3^RZ_QE^&OP4;QAX@BU;XR^/OB5\(_A-X_D\!^

M?$7X4^&/B^NC-X$O/&WAX^'_`!3I@M)=8M]

MM/E;PE^S-_P4$^!O[7?[3/CWX!Z]^RS??LS_`+:?C_X9?&SXBP_%KQ#\3T^.
M7[._Q9L?A-X
^#/Q2F^&NA^&?A]K/@;XV^'=3\-?#/P-KGA'3/&/CSX60:7K
ML6I:5
@T9%N-2\9_8@_X)K?'S]E;XMOX\2?S_@GIXT_9Z\`?%KX@?%'X3_
M`+5[_#2]N_V\-3\
^


_B[Q/\`$KXB





?#MO\+?4^N_$;P=XEU?PCJQ\8:EI&G:IH


M#XA?M(^%O#OC'X

MXFMX


MH/BOXNZ%J?Q'^+OC+]GGPMXJ^)7[-O[0/PE^&\G[1/@?5/%.E:Q^SSKGQ`^)
MWPX\)^&??QYFE\&Z]/IWP?\5WVB_$&ZABT^)O#\-]K6BV=_K?__@K7^Q3\

#X
^$V\9?#;



M/J_B2YAT-LCQ=_P57_8S\#?KPW\:O$_C/QMIWPYU3X?_[XJ^
];/PG^(\]







M)NO#.B:A#\`]/L_#'B_PKX
UR^U_6=2UOQ;XBT#0G\2)H'A?TKXC?\$U?VF_


MKWB8`^I/B/\`\%:OV7_@U\._C[XX^
'A[XZ_#CQ#^R]K'PFTOX[_``?U7X4Z
MAXB^*?@*P^.NH'3?A'XQEM/`&H^



M`TK5[C3]1:&/[.`?IY\#/C/I?QV


MP1\



M_!
GA6W\+_`GQ\_X*#^/O@]\9/\`@M_X5^(/_!17QG\'9OV0(OA)KG[)W@Z]
M^&?[



M2VO+;7K33;?6S%HTU[)HUGXGHO[*G[87P_\`VA?^E7Q2\*^?V0/B+X/_;R
M\5_#/4=$\/?%SXF_%!]
\'Z%\

FH_7/B+_@HS^S-X8^



_C/XK\.?\`!7;]HO\`9/\`@7H?

M$^')(O%'C_Q?HL'B+Z@UO_@IQ^REH?[0/@O]GJ;Q1JM_K/CKXYZM^R_I/Q`T
MB#0]1^&=O^TEHGAG5_%5_P#!34=4@\0_\)/'XL@MMU;0)]7M/-[X#LOB!I
MFK_#+4?&%G\1-!U_POI7YC_!3_@DW^US^S?^V%^T?^W?\&_%?P%TCX\?'O\`








WPL\5-XJETC





M^+WA;P;X&CT73O$'B:&.Y

V?QVM_&F


N_B#JFG:A








M_1I+F_`/N3]HC]J7PU^SM+HVGWWPZ^*WQ2\0ZQX&^*?Q1;PW\*M&\*WE]I'P





M^T)^R+\5_A%\5_A+\%_@1^T)\&;[2K/X



M;XAO+K?A[6-7AU_6_`WC;4=2TKX3^%?'NM^%_#OAC5O%'B?0/#WAQ]
O;WY9

MX/\`%.N_%3P6/AUXD^.7QM\:ZUH/Q.\2Z;XCT/0+O5M;T3P+\-O`


M^&OBQ%\5?B6/V2_C=I$6I7_CK5OA%X7T[0_!O@+QI=_$36;VUM[#]ISQ1H?A
M[XU_#32=




M)0#]




M7B7P)\8-



_A;^V+H?BC]FWPAX=^+'Q8\/WG[+GQ%BU#P]^S
M]XCTZ^U:+]HFY:2!++3_`(6:38Z9J+:]!KEYH_Q(TR\TS6=(D^'KZSH.O:?I
MGUG_`

-AXO

M_P-7Q=_X*:_$#1M0^`VAZ5^WA_P3DT']B'PG:ZG\0?B%=ZAX#\26V@_$S0]
M6\;^(H;7X-QVVHZ'&GQG\3SZ=I^FW@O[EO!.@BY^R#QKJ`\$`'VC\5?^COP



'CZZ_9C\?_L[








M`
%@?V*?A+\--'^



M6[DA'QKX


M_
M#WPKX2\6^`;/Q/\`%/X0-X^(-KJ4+-KGAZ73(]-`/5/CO\`\%A_V3_V=_B5
M\=OAIX\\-?M(7LW[



M






MET.'Q





MP5#IGBS3?!]]\
%\3^

_:9_9A





MOAAX1^+


]2TCPK\

M?M
W7Q9T/X=7WBC3O''P'\?-\
OC/\-?B#X*\3_#SXA_#?Q?-I%CXDT:VUWP
MUXJTW3[BZT3Q7X5U72O%7@SQAH$NL^#_`!=X?U&&^T#7K_R;Z*T_(W]K#_@F
M3^UC^T)X[_;D\2Z#J'[+^DZ=^T-J'_!/GX[_``DLO'WB/Q[XY\/V?[0/[#VO


M`(++?L^7?PM^)GQK^.7@7XV_L^?#OPQ^VQK7[$/@:;Q5\'_B#XQ\0^-_B;HW
MB?6_AXUC_8/PLT+QWJ&GZG+X_P#!'CG3+JSDMQ:Z9(GA3PM+?7/C_P`26'AB
MX][\-?\`!3K]E#Q7K'A'1M

M_6_AJP_8)_;B\





M
/M<CG;P9#KFBV\VL)ZE%_P`%#/V19=1\
Z;^T#<:/\<M3^'MI\


M_P#@GO\`&[Q5\8/`7A/X[ZCX\^%/AQ_B3\






M]&;POX0_X)V_'*V^/6N^)/B!\5_!&A^/_#NL^+_B+K5]XC^'GAZST&QUBWT?



M^4'[!7BK]EO]JR__:T_:A^%_PUKH?Q6^!W_!





MS;6VN:9:ZG!;W!B9XC/#%=)'*8W:
R*VQF7!/1U_(E8_$'XN^+/V.OVP_A;K
M7@N[U#_@I=IOPJ_9I^*;^


^.O[/W[*L/\`



+9!\`OA'^T'XF^(_PV^&U

M?A7\
_C5\


M[0'PTU7XK_M!6O@SPG\



M:4RB*0PI')
(W

BDLL4A`0_)7[#/[4=Y^

MI^CZ%8:B=:O?AE/X@$=GI_V;3EU4:7#?ZO'9+J]]_/K^R+X1^(_B6U_83UF\
M\.ZQX1_X*J_!/]N[XUZO_P`%+_&4VB:SI'BW6OV=)[SX\P?%J[^*GBS78FNO



?#




M_#CX;:IH%GX?_9M\(^OVR?AY\?'7[)]]^UEH7@SP-XIT^SL?BC^S5XWCMX

_EK=:;\3[S


M/!OQJ\'^)_V*?'_`.T#^RW8V?[*7P^_;R_:^N_VJ+_X8?LS_&'P'X'^.WQ



M









?

`O
MVN/A!^WKJWQZ\#?\%(?B%^U;\&OC7\//@?\`#N/]D'Q7\/?%7B#Q)<?WQ$G

\2:=+I^AZ0






T']MWQ#%X^OX/@3XO^


K?]FKX]Q?L4_LD?\`!4C_`(*RV^N_`*']F#XW6VO_``V^


M]\3?WQ8\$_OQ]=C5?%6C-X.UWQ!X2N=4T'XH^$]
?Q%X#T_4=+`/U[;QWX
M'34M+T9_&7A1-7UO21KVBZ4WB'2%U+5]#-M=W@UK2[$W@NK_`$DVEA?70U&T
MBELS;65W/YWE6TS)SFJ_&OX-:%IMEK.N?%OX9:-H^I:5XCU[3M6U7Q[X5T[3
M;_0_!]O=7?BW6;*^O-5AM;K2OUK8WUSXCU&62ST2WL[J;4YK6.WF9/YQ_B
M'^PNOB/]F?\`9^#O[#7@[]J/]G/]J/X$Z?^T!^TI^QO^T]^T1\-/%%AJW[/
M/@'7/$&LZ;XN^_Q+U'P1\)+CPOX.3]IKP[\2=

MOXP_!#4_$.DWFD^'DE\1_!+PWK-WX+\?Z1X(.K^+=#G]]_9]_P=/[+$O\`



M]6L;J9/`7Q


M$MWI6JV=YIFI6R7#36.H6MS9W217
$L:UF^(7@%/'$7PR?QQX/3XDW&@R^*H






M^P5^S%=^(O\`@CG\*G_8R_:E^(G[

)_A7\)_V


M4?8?[3_X1O\`M:P_M_\`LW=L_M#^Q_M']H_8=_R?:_LWV?=\OF9XK^0/Q]^Q
$O&?@G]D_P#:=\*ZS\*?^SGPI^)OQ+'@/\`

MS^%'@73)=!^+FB7NAO+?:6`?T.W7[=_[']GX





N_LUQ+:7




1-J_B?PWX?#G7O$.AZ((X(KISJ^K6

MC31_!&@?LX_&#X@7'BS]A?\`;9^'WA+XM?#S]G[QQ^TU8GQI\2H/A?:6?P!L

Z[\.?!M[;:OXDU/6O#7Y


M\/?#^_\`'TVAZBVB:1?:]J%GX=NO%\OAJ^;3;.5]:?0[HPFP?^7[X[Z3\;-9
M_9Q_:H\/_M`?LB?M7?'W6_VD_P#@B+\'/A-^QCX@T[]EGX[?&G6OAQ\?/#7[






MZ)\7==\3_L_^)M:E\&:6/V)KOP;\)=#^*E[JG@2ZG\)VVG?M!:F(_!NC^-'T

M

V)^'?Q




W)^)]WX3EM]3


M^)W_``6:^/[5_BG2_C+^SMXHL/&6D02Z3J3?&+XNI\?A#\'/#9_9S^#\WB


M1/[(G@7]EC]EGP7XJN_V9M`^-O@*\^$_[0FHZ1\8OA2WB&T\*II7COP]XSLO


MRWQ^7W_!4CX



MW7B!M.T2?Q3I`N;4:#KNO:5I7B:[T&.+6(!INMW4&@:WJ.B`7
G]AZA=6PT^


/&ECH&J:7KE
MOX!U$F_L;']1OV?_`(5?LV?LV?!


&H:WI
_CCP?#JOAJPGU3Q'


+O'GC)KR:V^(_

M(%O\4#XGC^




M9+U+X)Q_#]OA5X+\8?M+:UXN\

:)8Q@']/&MZ[HGAK3



?PX^)_Q

M?BOXAT'4?^COPN\-?M$0:KXA\'VGA34V^&WB;X[^$?']E\+KPN_A&TO-4T


M%



NA_'Y_\`@IOX&\-^.?&.G7_[3.@?






6
ML^`/'7C?4?#?AGP
9/'VJVWB/05OM:N+C\6?V0_@QK'[.WPU_P-GQ:^$\O









U$`_L6HK^=#]J#]LC_@JA^S]\#OCS\9M+D_9OF^']K\&O@9



MXO?`WQWH7Q
^&7B#5?&.BZ%XU\



?C1X*UOXH^`_B#XIA^+GA+Q;L/BS4-)T[6_L7A_Z/\`$'[2
M?[=WP:^-_P`
OV9_C7\6_`NA^&/VMOVKOA#\-O@-\:UU7X1^
/V@?A?\*=4_
M9W^._P`5/'EG\0=$\+_!SPM\#U\8?$[XI?`+_A6?[-^OW'POUS1=?TOQ9X\N







MYY;$75@8]5@CBNY)H[B*'VOY4M'^(W[='P7@_X*_M:?![]H+X7:=\-O`7_
ZQ\<?7B?XC?LL?LZZAH5W\:;?Q`^MZ#XR7PIJ.B
M:-\,SX<\/?SZII=GIWB'4O$LVMV



/$?PI\



MP[XRT&+]G;1;+Q%J/PJ\
Z'X4\9WFLWNK:3::)ID4&G7?$?#']J+_@H-IFJ_





/
M6?\`@WO_`.$XO_\`@F%\

=*\-7W@?1+KPSX.TB\UN\M?$WB31;F:%K&VL8KJ^U

MC'X=_9UT'XL^._@_X0_9J_9WTC3?$_Q





MW\


M`&@_AOXJTGX:*\OBOQ%X)\/_;POXNU3P]K'@F]'C.#PWX9\1Z-K'F?BGX]












M_P@GPU






MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KYD\


MQM\+;7XG_%7X
7/C/25TN'XH_!#Q)IOA'XK^#)$O;6]75O!/B/6-!\4:7I6K







M?V8/&OQE\2_'76_!WBI/&GCRU^'5E\3=(T?XL_%CP_\`#'XLVWPADAD^%L'Q





_
M\$ZKGP3I?P]T[]E;X?\`@WPQH'QFU']H'PW'\




/\`9$%@EK:K#UOQ%_9D^!_Q9^+?P2^.

M







M/_X)G_L'Z#JO@#6?!O[
WP[^&EU\
/C!??'_`
$VWPACUKX/:+I7QEUQM])
MN?B'=^'?A=J_A'P_KWB%=%@GTUF\1:9JT%AX=UCQ-X?L(+;1?%GB:QU;I[;

UG;1ZD
_!OQ#^SWX'M


:7S)[AT*-<3&3V.B@#Y<\

4GA^?5



?LUWG[(G[.?B+]GWP5XAO/%WA#X+^
_@_X



M/PL^''Q?^&FKMI[:M\//BAX'\
^/_`VJ-I-U!?:6VH^$O%FEZMH%ZVFWMM;7

M\$?F:&7X9^%?'/P[\-:WH7@)(-+M]%2R\):=<:?]FT'26TBSL--FT734M])
MN;/3=+@N+*6/3+`6^QJ'[(O[




M=\


K#


M9KNBWVN^'6T_6)!KE@FEWUM'9:_;V6O6J1:Q865[;^\44`?
/B;]BW]E/QGX




/B]\;/@[^S_X
N_B+




31S0F2
_X)8S_```T[X;WOAGXM^/OAEX2^)1\!:-\7?A3

M`_9A\?\`QVB_9W\.^









/#/A;4_$L%EXK:U^
.

M-7UGPK\/OB5JOP


M^+?@YX]^''C/PGXK^'GQ6_X0.3Q9\/D^*W@[7XO#&LVOPYU6WO\`0?%$_B[0


MAS5/BS9^%OAYXQ\:?LQ^'_5QX-/[/GAKXHZGC#P#;:@WC/2T^(OQ.NM0TN




M)XZ\-6UGXS\8^'X-
T[PKX]:XE;1/&ME;:;:_./B;_@G#^V1KWPA_;\^&
'_





M7\&_KXM?#)M.UYT/X2^-['6_AYK3_$+0O$*^-K:VL?$FBKX=U;1#\.-;/B







%%OA5JWCK]LGX8V7PP^.#?



MX7^%O$WBG3O#?BKQSHNM:=XGLO#_`
?#1/A!^US_`
%;?`_Q+^`/Q5=/%?[+


?#GXB_\

M^(WP7^)`B:_N?V=_'GQJ\9:#\//%?PC\;R/!\+M9\?:3XN\'^*5\*1ZKX9T7


WB

MXPUOPKX1T;P1XGU76OA\=(/CSX1?V#\4O`^J6/[2O@R#7H;C2+WQ3^RGJ-K9




MS\(-8\`_MD?#IM3_`&COV5]5_::\;_'S7_V&OB=\%]`^+_CC0_B=I'B[0/B+

M*O'6G^(/OB?27E:QUG1M2M4EM+V9(Y+BW\FXE[S_A[%_P2R_Z26?L`?^)D




?M[^*/CK
M^QY\-_AI\
[[5OAA\8=#\/Z9\=/V1OB9X1N/C%J?QJ\+^.=*M/ASX&^)5Y_P


`OVD/V<_VOO#W[+?Q)^)'P1^/G[(_C_\`9'NO'5OI7B;]G;QC<Z_X(^-?
MQ<\!Z=8S^&O'7PG\=?M?#_7_`WBK0+_`

MJ'A_X8S_`!7\`?&Z#Q5I'P_T'3+&VE;5?B5XOTGPG:):/]NU;Q!XFGTJSDOG
M0645MZM\:?V:O^C7[1G[(7Q*^$OQI^(_PR+K/Q;\7:U\%(-`TOX;Z%\5?A














MI/P'^%?BOX-WG[-_P#P5(U#QUXUUOQ'\0]9\;VWQ3_9L^)/QR^GAGX!_'3




U\;3S2:5XQ\%7/B7QAX%\%^-O

GC7X+^`OVA




T/PH_8;^+

7'A#X






T/0I?@G\3=6^/-SKLUQ!X8^'^N?9=
MI/G_`/X*
MS_MG?L[_`+2G[

)(OB)\(OVA2K#<1^%Y_%J



M^#WP3_;H^

^._#OQ1\
:]IOC_X0?$2R\(:
MTU_I?@_P_I]IY'\2_P!HGXZ_M5?$;XI_LN:G_P`%4?\`@E[KG[
?P-U#X3V?


MM^QW!\`/VD_VN_V#]6/Q0T;]H7X+^?'O[)GP;7X5Q^=.\8?&#]D'QU\._C
M[XW^

M:E^W)^TE\!?#_P`%_CI^TI\/O@IX_P#V.?C.GPLT[4/C]^S-J_CB+4_@5J'Q


M*YFMYE.Z.1AS0!N4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11



MI;F4SSS2E_
E=F]
HHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`

M]_LN]UF632[6S




+7/E


MUXPD\+^#O%.E?$W]H']MOXP07%]X-TJ.RFD^+/[:/[1GC7=9:5J.FK-86-II

ML[JXGBMY.&_87^!.I_LP_L8?LJ?L\Z_
MUXH^#?[/WPF^'WC._74+C5%U3QU
#?[/72/
M^$2\
_V4J:E$NF?V#I7]GK'K%G-IVKQK9?9/LP35=/N)['4D$06^LYYK6Y$L


M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
B444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'__V3\_
`
end








begin 644 v334147_ex10-15x3x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****




UO5-0M-8\4V^
MKZ/?6\^H^'W^'_A'Q+XBU#QE-IQU


M\0-I6N7:Z-=ZAK=S;:/8VVHFVFN]4N(-/MTDNY8X6_E/_PZNLZ3^RM_P`$




M=W





M-66KSZTFJZ!+X;\11ZWIS60O-*DT'6DOH8&TN^$'JM?RH_L
P06W_!UI_P`%

M?Q+XS\


MX_#ECX3L)/CIIB:1)IAA-K=P7=J9?[3-U%



M^



O)-
UC3




M`


M?PPOM.\


HZ?J5[:75U%<6MA?V=Y/&EO

MM)K5IX9UG4[C2DN+BVN8('OHX%FFMYXHRSQ2*O\`GQ_'SXD?%'0?^#:__@A[
M\&M/\0Z_X_9K_:2_:-O/A;^U=X]T2?5X;=?`,OQI^*NH:=X\2IH5Y8:O?^
M&/$]LGBCQ=J6DV-Y:3ZK-\-;.Q%W&LS0W'[-?\'$%O=_LQ?&O_@BA\5_V._#

GNY

?#;XN?#'X@
M^)?!

M_P`



+]<^$GA[X*Z
MIX+W^!F^'EUX+\*^(O$_BW01]F?P
WC6#5K#Q+XQ\2:M]OM_'$*W4FH_8[VW

M
O=+\2_&^T\'S6_?Q9JYU/5/$,N@7GB[^&ME\1-5U;XN:3X$T_XM:MJ7CB





MM/\`[#/PQC^



QZMH&D7\-I8^)O%&GZ#JFJ



?B1[_



UM^2OQQ^



MMKLTNKM]&_#7]C;X

M7Q._X*S?LY??P-^V)\0O$_@_P
LN@_L


MT$_:W_:B^&MG\1_@5\)_$
W[7_@A?^&Y?V6?AIH'Q-_9UU/P%IW@/QG\4/%F








M3?`?B3XLZ5\2/V;M`'BOXU:)JFHZ5\1+KX
S:9X-\-7OAC5K?QIH?Q=UKP)X
MR7Q_\-]




MNO7[Z?JUE)'I\ECY%H_[9?[._P`7/VFOV0M4\
?$;]JG2&^*?[*/[07QV^'/


MNU?PW;7?@OXMZ5\.OB?HEYJ-NUYX)C^R:G]@`/J6P_X)[_`C3/V)!_P3YL=7


K+P3XJTW1/#]P`

M!?BSXV_#/P?\




MXA_H/:^`#XU\=P^([7Q#?\`@_PIHDDOAGPW\/;\TWP-X8\/RO8^&-`T:3;











/VE/A

M+\3?#$NA^
_`OB73]1MH'\0IJVEZA!JFCZI8V]WI\F[)US]OOX?:1\4X/A_I





M*_'+]I#_`(*G^

/VD-.^

M%/VNOBSX=\*:/XL^'OQ%T/XS^(_@M\19=?TM/%?@70H_#/Q3NE\#_%+^S4^+

M35/&O@73/&?B#1O#$NO^(8_$OQ











=.FTC3?BE



M8;]FWX[W5SX*^#'ACQ]XX^.W_#0&J_LXZ;\#['5?A+K6K7OBW1/AR?B]K'C:





/



-/M_$

M%[WX&_M+?`KPK^U-^S'XC_:H_9S^)_QX\+?#;POX4^+/@7P#H'@GQ5\3=&T/
M2/#'Q5\9^.['Q)X'\.?$/PUK;?VOX2LM!\7:''K'BKP-KGB/P4/#'B?Q6`?K
M'17YE_`[_@IQX+^.'Q3_`&9/AQI_[/WQ]\+Z3^V7\-?_::_9M^)GBW^%?_

?@T^&M:U@:'\3/!
MUW=_8[]/%^D^$=O]IC_@H8/V?OVD?!?[)WA;]E+]I3]H;XS?$[X%^._CA\-+


M]DKP=\

\5MX!^)OCKQ9

_9U
M^+/C?7O!M[X8^




?UH_9M_:$^&/[6'P%^$_PTC\&=6NM;
M^%_QF\%:-X[\&W^H6$NE:G_96L00V.KZ9.6DT[6=)NUN=*UBQ
DR6FIV5W!






7Q5^
/Q5^!?A']FS6_`_A7PS\9;KQ[\#]*US7O








M\0^)?#'C#X:?$33;+Q_X
=`\2^']3T:
`_=.BO+

@U#2]`UKP[JI
\6H3+9^I4`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`

M7Q3^#7Q4;Q/9:+'X+D\+C2M$N_@EHWAX6


\U;3O#=Q8?L]10!^?O[?7[/'QQ_:'A_93'P47X41S_

M@E\.?B1\
_#G[+W_``5\2ZQ\0OC=%K$.O:K\6_@)XX^+OPR\,_/]J!_A')








MW4_BC\??B;I

TK1-+TG^H2B@#\2?B[_`
$TOVB/
MBQ\6?$7[:?AOXT_GX&?MN0?&#]G3XA?AK#P=XC^

M'PG_`&D_#/@;PIXY^$T/P^\(_%X^,ECI'A.;X9^!/B-X4U[Q)\6O&GB75OB
M/I.IMJ&JZ/X/U31O#7A+]GJ*`/RO\:?L8?M/^-?V@OV2_C%KWQ_\&:QJ7P2_
M9L_;(^#OQ^(-IX6U3P=XVG^(/[6\7P\UAO'WPN\):1)J?A[2??PJ\2?#P
M1HW@+P1X@\4S^(XO!U]=W'B7XD^*/%'A]=2\6?#/PB_X)/?MK^`?&FA_$WQ-
M\5?V+=9\1VG_``3.^.O[!_B31/`GP=^)'P\U'QUXW^)&J?#'5=/^.?Q#^
%W



M@SXLL-*F\0^&]8^(GAZQT:[T_3]'@MM;MOWCHH`_G[^`_P#P2?\`VI?@?XL^
M$'CE?C?^S-XB\1?C_@I7^T;^V3:6?AOX'^,_A7X!G^&'[3G[./C3X^+/#.




_LV?`']JK]C&

M1XZU_P`:^(_#?@[X;__XB:[X7^#/P]^OB;7?&GCZV^1LKP7^NQ^M;\5:
M?[S\=OV9/BM\4/VT_P!BK]I'PYXU^'NC_#K]E?3_`(_#Q'X(UOP[XDO/&OCG


M]%`'YV_LP?L@?%#X(_MJ_P#!0C]J3Q;X_P#`7B#PK^VQKW[._B+1?`WASPUX


MW]NNX_;A^%$MI#K\OQQN([#XR^*?VG/`7P!\06]_IK^'['1/`O[1'BM?$EW\


%].74K#4;W6M0K]I:*`/QK\:?L6_
M\%/VBOV=[+1?VG/VH?V<Y/VD/`OQ]_99^.7P@E^$'P0\<:3^SOX?U3]E/XX


MN:GXL_43QI\
=(^


M_ABX\-^-K;3M%U;4/$-UIVBZO#J&I+8:=J.JZW=6-G/#;W6HZC-]U-ZA10!
M^)7PC_X(Q^%/AGJO_!/+QWJOQS\:^.?C/^R!%J.D?'?XP:G:S:5XL_;\(_\
M(KH-SX



M^&^O_L::M^SA+X!\-?$+3[GQG:'Q?I?B[2/V8?!4?BV[\.WWAJYM-4\1^*)]




MLJZUHVI?\%-O@W_P4BN=*T']E_Q]\*K#3-:^'WPH\$?[Q-\)?VCZ3\?/&F



'

\.I8ZO\`LQ10!^0WC_\`8:_;9A\8?L^_





M-UH^)?C;^RYXET+P/)

M_!

)O$GQ0OF^.?Q@^
M*6O_``C\/W7Q`T7Q
M\'/@SXP_80_:^UO7_P!BR/\`9IO/CC\(_C/^V#X[\8?L^:7\
/`/B*V^&_AC

M?A[_`%L44`?AS;_\$]OVR]+_`&=?^6OPAT'XG?LQ3K^Q'\'H_@7\=OA+\5O
M?Q)^+_[.GQNLO#_`






M5]X8G^(7B'X?66H:UI'A67QOK%UH'#_#[_@G#^U7X-USX&?$B#QC^SYIWQ`^



M]X9\#7^MZ7I_B#P;8^$_'4VBB1-8T;4+WQ#H5GHVJV]AID%;]JG]@3]K/]KO
MX?\`[47BKQ1!^S7\+_V@/CY\%?V4_P!GKPUX:T/XH?$SXB_KP3X)^`/QO\`
M%G[0?B_Q9JOQN_@/\-?&?B?7_&_BWQWJ'A+1OG_N--TKPSH7A/1O$L?B6


L;?U^B
];^V_V-XO





MZ[)X:\:%XF\5ZC8Z/8K+J.







0`33Z`
MBBOF;XF?MD_LP_!SXB-\)/B7\9/GA3XFIX'F^)K^!KS^T[KQ*GP[MM131[O

T5P7PQ^*GPQ^-






/VF^)-$O
M=1CN;FWE-O?I);1W`BN/*`/3J*\F\1_'?X.^$?BS\.O@1XC^(OA?2OC)\6M-
M\4:U\.OAK/J*/XO\4Z)X+TZ?5?%&MV.CP6YAT72+*VG:XU:^6UTZ2XB:QM[
MF:^Q;'UF@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`OYJ_P#@HG\5OC#_`




MO_VE?A;^V1_P3X^)WPM?]L'X%?`;QQ\-/$G[+_QY6^D^%_[1G[./Q)^(G@OQ






M@!^R;^T7^U[XI^#?_!.C]A3]DWQ9\


.



M7P4^(7_``3W^./QT1?#OPJ^%/C7QIHOQD^%7QV^/PZT[6['5_B)X2\069\


MR/PSKLOQ*UC0)?#_`
6=8U;XRZ+K/C?5M/UZ\T._O_AOI'PQT_4=-\
Z#^YW

M]

MQ?V&](TGX/\`AZV^!L5SX7^`GPZ^(_PA^$WA#6/B)\6?$'@WPE\*_C`D\'Q4


?!WP[^(5YXP^*?







M_:A^#G[0MI\1O'MM^R)\2_B7X-_:%/PMT?PX=;\=_#_P;XHOUUKQ)\'-6LXM



M=\1:U:WW@B75?#7CCP[HFKS^'-
_8#PA\4OVA?A'_P42^#G
M[
OB;XY77[37P5_:

M`.R':W_@C4)_@]:ZZ/AS^S]XB_94\'Z5XO\`&/Q#\;^&=
_9U\7:?%I/BKX1




*B_PE7@ZZ\+G

M/!MW:)X/





?V@+7X:^&XOC+\0?!VG?#SQQ\0?

M/!GQ
)O@GXJ\(_R'5[?2M?T'XHZSH


\3'1;^RB?0](A


\8Z9+IEWJ-











M7P=_:8O=0\-C]G3]G_P7\3O'WBEF\2:G^RKHVB?C7[SQ)X@BU[PG-IGC+6
M?#NFZ5J_8V7Q\_:H\*^#_P!I/Q9XW^.OQ5@^'WB[]L[]GSX(_L):OXI^`?PA

M\)OA#-X*^+MA\.(=?_9^^'/C3]H+QS\(['Q'\
/$E[XL\/?$E=?^-/C_`%77
MI?B19ZW
_:W_`&_/B)X6





M:)K=YXIT#3Y]+N-%M_%MO=6[6'BN]\



MUGXFTQ9KW5[J+Q+XHEU;]C/%?[`7[%WCG4/C1JOB[]FKX4:_?_M%Z)X1\-?'





%`_P!K?]@BZ^
7PTE^-VJ_&;PYX1_X
M)._L#_M.Z'XA\=^`OA;X;L?@?XU^+'[7I_9-^


W[E?L:7_[4C^//CO8?M#?'7X*?






MR-XKT;PZ\;-I=AK)NX+=KB^*H3J-_P#:0#\C?VNOC)^V!JG[4?\`P5
^''PV

M(?VOOC=X]^*GQ+TFV_93_P77[&/[=UW^Q%H_PL^!
VGZY\=/C#^SG^U;XL
M^)GP%O\`Q










7QT_

M%+J.JFWT/XH^'=
LKBRU;]*_!W_!

#_&G[+7QNN?B=\*?FLZ3:_#S6-+\(_%CX3V_@PZ3
MK:ZSK3:QX@T;6/#_`
\?M6_MF_MX?#7X'_\`!7']I'0?VS-6:;]@3QQ^Q1KO

M^+(?`MPGBW0_'/AS0Y[YU#Q=XAGCM(+#]Z?&O\`P3?_`&OB5'\&X_B-^R+


MAU72Y[FW^

45C9I``?
MDHH_:GT;XN?\%V[K]G+]H=M.^

^'
6J_$?]F_

\=?$#PQJ_B+P5XR\
M4RWFK:C^F/\`P3N^-WB7XV_+Q_-X\M/CQX7^(_PR^,WB+X6?$3X3_M(Z9\,
MQ\4_@EXHT?P=X\2CX;7?C?X0VMMX$^

MO-:\0:S?3O/J&LZWJ4VS[7JNJW=Y?RPP6MJ9_LMI:PP@'\\O[.O[;G[6'Q-^



MA??#KX
^.OVMOOPI\4+?_#GX-^$?%D/Q%\+7'P\'WMSK.G:_IF@:UITVHZ

M&CZ5XFUK4_&-OIEIXRUF?5+&V@GAUWQG;Z+HL7C'7;1K?6/%8T;2#X@O=1;2
M[%K?R_PS_P`$[OV(_!L?PUA\+?LU?#+1(/@Y\4M7^-WPLMK'2KA+7P%\7?$$
MFF3:]\1O#-JUX]OIGB[6I=(L7U;688A=Z@R7'VMY?M]_]I`/GO\`;&T3Q-JO









OC+_`
$MOB9XB\'_``6\

M+?\`Q:T3]N;XP_#+6?\`@GC!X$^
WP#^#MOX/_9WO_FGWL_['PG_:JU'X0
M_$ZSU'X0IXG\:?#[Q/XV\0Z]\*_#%G'K'A_Q9;V
EYJ.I^)_&_C2*TU'3^[^
M`7[7O_!0O]J_6OB9X]\/?&KX`?LVV?[.W_!0R3X#_&_X


_A5X^T_P#:DU&+6_$?B#2=&\-:






U_


M6\










'
MQ(3QGXZ_8-_:-^!^N?!3P3!X/^&FK7?CGX6V?[




M_93^




UO-&Y$3Q@'\^'[
MBM\1!\1O#W[-G[27[(?@[X1W\WA'PIX4U/1?`?Q

M?N]%UWXEZIIPUZ_B-[J$%K%.8K**1+V_1W]G?\`Y2]?\%//^S4_^7G_I^_










M

%_\0K#X=:-X4L/'^JV]MJ_C.VUS4[:[C^-?VBO^0_P`#M
_8

M#7P:_;Q^^J_MG_$SXG^!?%W_!*OXS?M167C?1_A_P#`?X8^(_A9\3OA]\1_
M!7@+7/ASX'UKX=?#_2M7M?@7\9/OQ


MGH']M07=[PU^Q#^S+:_CQS\,?$'P(\`W.B_&?X9Z9\+OC)H-_J/B'X@PZ]X
ML]&O=





M=-1DTM$M)/UL\7?\$U?V)/'?ASP/X8\6_`RPUNS^'OQ+\:?&'0]7N?&WQ+C\


OO@-J'PJ^!=MX2N/V8K?XG6?P'CA\?

MT#P[X+TSX8^#]:^)'[*W@'QREA\+;_2/#NF^.)?#.B6VNW/AI&^(7B?QMK&L





M3G_:`\':9\+;*Z^

M1-:\&:9K?[)G[1WPTT^]_:]\0_L)?%7Q/XOG^$$^@?']IG3=0U72]\)3CP






MT?6)+O\`:$^'O[
OP'UF/XH+;Z;\4OB1K/PN_VD/BUJ/CVL/`FMZW\-O`?

OV8_

M$H+E?V1/V

M4^%_B_K_`

M=;T_3]-\3/IVC



_BA


M[XU_9^M/@E\3/@+^S%X6\9?LW:1+K7PD\#^/]'UGP?H5O\9_%WA_XO:!KW[1


M(NH_#KQ!X1U#6M%U3PMX=MV\13_$/1]8T:S\0:M\'];N/$%IX2Z;PY_P5)^+

X?C$NIPZ!:7/@C]F

_@G)J'@B3P3HVM^%H?#_BKX@6VJS:CIMGPY_P`$


M7P`_9I_:`^/[_%3X+Q^&_.@?M-Z'\,[SX3?%W1O

N-5^+OP]
M'B[PHEKINI^%/GC'P_KL^HWOB*+Q=X'\(?=/[9?[*OB;]J+P/\``KP5X3^*
M.C?#+X._M4?LR?M)ZAJ/BCX?ZU\5[GQ9:?LS_%#P_\`%K1_`]N\?Q0^'EYH


M_7*(2B*
3/')


M\6OVB_C-^RG\:_A#^TM8?`+Q!^S-/\9S_9NO_`SP]\=M&\2M\9/#OA3PN_BW
MP_I?BCQEX8T?P+\6/A_HV@:[IW@#XASZ5XQ32]*\?^.-#OO#6I:)XBU?3[\`
M^6M$_PRWA7XHZY^S+H/P$^#$'C'7/VD/V2_A?^V/H/@?XH?&7PS\%OB;XB
M^'?Q+\7ZUX4O?`_P(\*7?AOQEH_QY^

MPZ^

MM7EO\1;+3/$7PPT[QI]@U#0_$WB;X=7OZK_MF_LXZG^UE^S]XG^!.F^/[;X9



=/_`%(H`_/7]H/]M7XC



ME?Q7_PH+^!]/\`VL/&?@7]FOQS\3_AQ^P5H?@?7?VO);?QSX
\+?%3P@OB


M;;X&?#?X[:'\5/`'P_\`&/B+Q=X'UOPM;?$:]M=-^''Q3\
MXS\6Z-8^
=2T





/@SX@\%_$GQUXO^#GC2



M




M[Q)=?!'4H-=N)_B)\-1\$_A[\1/VA[2T^+5A;?$;Q%\*?@Y+JG@Z_P!.\`WW
MPJMOB9K/B#6_&NH:AX5NIK'1=/Y?X4_\$JOB_P##OQ'_`


M+P5\




MC\8
MWIO[0OQ;TV6VLDUK5=0L=$%I);O:7MCHEKID
M[!-/J
$VIFYN'\\_X


M6L]KI?C?1M(U'PE?W2VM=9EFDC1_HVOY(?BM%\7OA+_`,%0O^DOACQE\9-

MXJN+?2_'6AZ?]FU?Q!8Z;96EEXJTB*^MO&&GZKI6JZFMR`?T=T5_*YJ7[8/[


%O^6?@OX4W/[-'QA

M']FZ!:WVH:=I1U!];UC1-+U+X/\`^@'C;XE?\$^/^57Q:\4?#'XI_%_P`?
M^

/&GC

M'QW_`&V?C^-+_;G^&7[



MWBQ[I-0^)GC?Q!XC^(4PN0#^B[3=3TW6;*'4M(U&QU73KGS/L]_IMW;WUE/Y
M
LD$WDW5K)+!+Y4\4L


L5O;6\4DTTB1HS#^.'X
M/ZM\5/`7_!''_@F5XO\`@W\1/C3XI^%_A[]C#XQ?%7]J3X5?L^_M;:[\/OVN



?M_'GP'^S'\&_'7QV^)P\1?\`!_#K2XM9\2/X5\.







.DZEHGPU+3[G]L;0_VY=#_`.%N?%74O`_QH\-PZS?:'I'@K7O%-QK^








M)W&G@'[]T5_+K\%_VR=6F^&'_!



MM2:9X!\

M&NOZEJ6KZ^GA+XCZSJNBBVN-/\#CP\`?UBT5_
;\=?VVO%WBC]G7X0?M^^`O





_LY([G[-KJI]UK^03Q%
MXMUCX)^-=(_:^''[0WQ6TCQ+XH_X.:8/V<O%?@/2?CIXQT?X*R?!OXV_%33

M82?0'_!/7XH_%;]HWX__``E^+_CS_@I79^!/CUX7_:+_`&S?!/[2'_!-N^TS
MXF^)?B!J]A9^/?'/ACPY\+_%/PMUG]J'6?`WPM\+?!3PQH/@3Q?X#^
/@/\`





M_P`5M/\`CM^P1I=E\.?!/P2^(G[2!\9_`[X_Z!XGTWQ-\*OVF/''QG\3?MI_


M&BOY
?\`@HK^U?X;\/\`[3OQN\9^?VL]4^'7Q&_9?\`VZ?^=_@2]\/?$C]
MJ7Q%\
=4\


MU\
:5\





OVJO%WA?XEZCX`D^!?QS\)WWP\D_9ST



-
MFN;.6:&+5__BW0=;\




/@S)X
M/O?&R?#CXXC2](_;^\#_`/!.;7[2?PYX%L]6\/\`QH\??$?P1\*=(\8ZG8WW

M6GB34M/EU35[*TOUETS0=8N=MF_NE?F-_P`%?;+1-0_8EFM/$_C75/AKX7D_

G\2?$'3_&]P5MO!5SX(T2._\41^
M


M\.:OHOP+^)6CZE^W':_M\^&+[X_?%;4_AY\7?#UGXHCT?P%\/_$ZZ'KFG_`?

M:%`+3QJ?B


MW@3]C/\`9U^*?[3OQ/T+QSXB^'GP=\-S^+O&5A\.=#L?$7BR+P_9RQ)J&HV.



?LV^'[WP7H=

MO[1-SX_U/P9JNGW/C;Q)J_C*#Q.L'AVRCTD`_J*_:_:5^&O[,^G_S5/B:/
M%0L_C#\=_@]^SIX0F\


&8:WIEUK6F:CI

$NHV%W9I-;R?FO\1_A?^V/X/C_X*(?#7]FG]I_]K7]H3PI_P3V^+'[&

M7PL\







GBGQ7XOU[XS7?@&ZO+MCXK\2:Q
MJ?B^S&JMH_B/5IY+6STC0@#J[O\`X*._LK6=IXC\0GQ)\0+_`.'7A3XPO^S[

M[9^N^$OVLO\`@EO\3['P[XNLI/C]X@_:-N_A5\6Y?V-?$5J9M5\$?%&^^*R2




MK0(+OPAX;OOB0L&BV?BWQ/#I.C7*WVGW$
[+=Q*?MVOYI?&8LF^!OPLTC58F

67@
M?XL^'/CQX^'K^(]8TJTN/BKJ_B6+2)/$J:6`?TI45^,?_!%?2O'OC#]GOQ/
M^T)\1?VI_P!H+]H+7?&WQI_:K^%UCX:^*GQ&TCQIX%^'WA/X%_MD?M_#?P


M$7QMC^'_`


(-)?PAIU]I$OC7PPJ:%J&N6^OZA%JBWF


M9_%'@)_A_PM'T35-.T_P`*IIGQ&G\8^-/#]_XHF`/Z--7\0Z-H?EIJ5_%#


MX_\`[+?P'_X)4_%KX8_&GXU?$F+XY7W_``4C^'FK?LK:QJ'A1_@EXD@^&GPE

?AKXR?LPWNI_'C]
MG)?'?B?XK?$7QI\5KS1=$\2ZC\1F\*:CX@CT3]F#5_A!XMGU'P'XS\*?#SP%

M`(+3?M$:#\?OB1\!/CG_`


MX2\1Z[X@BN_AYITGB5M6^*'C3XC7FA^)FL;:RU'0K.^\5^*O$E_X*@LK.VL)


ML[^+?#OC#Q?/H/[5/QM^)W[._P`$[[4/A'\6=#7Q!\7?@_KGQ0T#QWX0\1KK

?$_XPM^W1

MPWAOQ7%J'CGPGXN\






N:7XWO=$URYDU;68]


M\./A#\)_@[I5WH7PC^&'P\^%FB7]W]OOM&^''@KPUX'TJ]OMGE_;;O3_``SI


_P`?

M/&GC7Q+XDUQ?NEQ2:3HEGJ::+:O<6MHDLF%<?LG_`++-YX

M?[-/P`NOAYI&N7?B;2?`=Q\&_AU/X
TOQ)?VWV.^\0Z=X7E\.-H=EKEY:?Z+
M=ZM;6




\X
0!];7UC8ZI8WFF:G9VNHZ;J


M;?4X[5K:_O8&B
5U.DEC2OA_\
/`FC?$OQCIUG#XK\8:5X:\
M/Z=XZ\4Z3I;1P6$7B'Q!:64.OZYIVG.(8;--2N[JVM&$<<(C(45^-7BK_@KI
M\4-._8U\$_M5:?\`LZ?!_P`.WU]/^VW'XY\,?$;]J*[T/P;%KW[$'QP\4_3




MWQ7J6F:MX+^




M\.;'P3XD^(%I$MD/#VLWDFMSZM%X9]4^-O\`P4=_;MT_]G/]M76-&_9=A^#W
MB_X
_LY^'/B[\




^%OB3^R)\1/#7Q@\;_M.Z!^



MUE=9L1:?:[FWFU*UT;54D\0V8M_

M%=]HGAK4]:\+Z[?^!VUS29]4\.Z/J%M#J)T^XMIS9KJ%[_/KX/\`#]E^R=^U



U*5F:34-/TXV!L[*

/[0WA?PM\(

M&F_`;7?A+=_&?P9XG^&D?AWP5\8?$_BO3-#MK'XB:S?6.JOKOPK\.?F3X-\-
H7UPRF:[OKJXN[AY)YI)&\T@^!
M/P0M?B7-\:+;X-_JW^



_`/@W


M\8A6W
:!1\M_'[]DG6_BMX/^%_PB^$_QNUK]ESX`^'KK5M$^
7P;^#WPP^$:
_$S_@BU^U)I_P`+_AEI/P&\=?\`!2C5O^&??'[:
M_J&J_&V[^'5]^RG^V'::+K&KZ?/X/M=)\/\`A3X[:=X0M/B/+X<T3Q;<S:#I
M_AGX;P^)4U_7[RX@\^C_P#!P+X.\%^)OA1_P3MOO%?PAT;XT3:;_P`%=/V
M-+M/`]YX?\!ZWK'B[1_$_P`3+C3O%/PZT5OB/J&A^#XH_B5IL,?A75-/\4^)
M/#O@[6H;FS\7ZM9:$MS=VX!^PWQ1_9\^''Q?UCX/:IXSTR&ZMO@CX[TKXC^
M#=&AT;PBUI'XI\.X\*7:ZO?^&K_P`7^&XO#6M66E:[:Q?#_P`2^#&UF?2K
M;0?%TGB/P7=ZOX7U+U[4M'TC65LDU?2].U5=.U&RUC3UU*QMKY;#5].D\[3]

/Q`U[X#_`/!4G_@H5X.^'OP.
MN_V%/#EU^PEX/^
_P




(AMY[B2*(11!
*_B+X^\)?%;PWHNK^(;?1=&U`??Q!X@L
M+C^R-5TP1X?Q8_X*I_M=?'X`_MB?%SQ#^P\T?\`PS/^SKX6_:(T#QMXG?\`


^'_%GC.ZN+R349[GQ7XBTG2[36/$4


MSQ=XI^$?CSP1^SI\5/\`ADKXE^

MK=SJ/B;Q;KCVT






M:5T3]I9=-UGX71?$N#X@ZUH7P^^(/POB\&:HEYXV\+66C^%=4\'_`!6\=V^M
^`=4L-%TK4_`_@_4=+\-A1



M5$4!54!5```K#T3PIX6\


=Q;7




M[.YT#2CH6A7%KI-A;SZ+HA2WC.CZ1+%;I)INE&.SM$.GV;0VA2UMU


M?4+V9OKBB@#*T+0M&\+Z'HWAKPYI=CHGA[P[I6G:%H6BZ7;166F:1HVDVD.G






-A'XRNKQLK&X\4);KK<]G:6MM+?-#;Q(G<Q_




M9X4^`'P3\






M[KWBWQ5X!^&'P\\#^)_'UW%?^.O$?A#P5X:\-:]XTOH)[VY@O?%NL:+IEEJ'


M#EUIM\9K&SD
^^VA9/6**`/&O$_[.?[/?C;XF^&?C7XS^!'P:\7?&7P5;V-I
%?V</@-X9^
VL:YK_B?5_BYX?^$'

U_5KG5I;_6=/`LM1N+F



M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`OS`^$?_!,_1/AM'X5^'?B7XR:
MU\5_V9_AK^T3\8/VH_AI\$O&OP\\'4;/XH?&CQ1\0_'FL:9\0O'UC:16WQ!


?Q(U'X:W?@/X
6/B6\N9






;Z/XF^#&OZ-X3^)GAGPKJN





M=^Q__P`$QO&OP(^(?QV^`/PNL_V=/B7XJ_;+\90_!_3_`(?:3I_[+WCZUUK2

M_P!8_B?\/?#_`



M^%;']GOXS_LW_$W]KW]N3]HKPA\8OA//\&(/$?QV^

M\.KGPQ\)O!OAF[\6QW2:9JA\:_%#PM\2_%%S=:)I]G?ZI=Z'-JVD:I^G-%`'
MQI\1?V&_A#\:O$?[(/CKXY:MXT^
'Q*_8P\6WOCGX=_$7Q3-X
T+Q#XR\4:G




T/2M;OM:LX!XT%MXHM_P!$:*`/FW]F']F7PS^ROX3^





:/J7P5UC









T?7(+6+3?$OC#Q#X#\4?%C7M(@TO2]0^(DUCX:\*

%I_PAU]I5CJ/A2'POX+T[1O&_B_3M+\$:

M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%?'FN_MU_L^Z5X@^)^@:+=_$KXD1_`[6=5\.?&[Q+\'_@O\6/BSX
^


M_P`)%X$^('AS3?%GA'7?[&\1:?I'B#2/[7\/ZOI^H?V9KNE:9K%A]H^RZGI]


M-=OM.M?[*T[4K9=
BU\U#4K?3_`*&H`***^:?VB/VI?`_[-.K_`+/^D^-_



O!VCWEPKQ6-GJOBSPY9WUW:OJ]H9`#KJ*^=
M_P!E#]I?P/\`MA?L_?#S]H[X;Z)XS\-^_B3;^(;C1M#^(6FZ1H_C+3O^$:\
M6Z_X,U&#7-,T'7O$^E6EP=5\.WTL$=KKE_FSDMGG:Y::U@^A998H(I)II(X
M888WEEEE=8XHHHU+R222.0B1H@+.[$*J@LQ`!-`#Z*QO#GB+0?%_A[0O%GA;


_BC\5?`'Q2\


\.Z/]KM?

S;7?

M;:]INBZUXBTNSO4O-+N28;36M018C&7E64R11@'N]%%%`!117EOQO^+6@_`7
MX/\`Q




M6Y:UM+NZ


GE\M&?RX8\C?*^-L:9
M&YR%R










M?[1_Q;^)_A[Q[XV?4KM)1X;\;?#6/'B;PQX^F$7AGQ9X?M)]5T74]0M+&\




MX1_X2[_A8'_*^'/^$\_X1S_`(0[_A-O[#TS_A+O^$1_M/\`MO\`X17_`(23
M[+_;/_.?VS_`
3;^P_MO]F?VG_I_P!E^U?O:\P^)W[
/[-7QLUW3O%'QF_9





6UO;5?E@G0

M^

M?`[P+\'9=+^$7AGX7GPQJ?[+G[-?QNKCQ!HVG_V#XG^?IGC7XF^)7\
:+?
M?$5+7PG_`&+;Z?);7NH/XJN=;_32#]GKX!6MC\+=
MO@?\'[?3?@;::38?!3






MJ=GXKT[6_*T:32

OP%

MU[Q#\3-)M=`^(^O:S\



VISZAXCB^)_PO_9M_9F^)/B;







TRSM=.TW3K6WL=/T^QMX;



/PN\
M'?!S08OAK:_LWZ]J/BZP\5I\58OB#X7^'_BKP=\0M#_9%^'?B_1/AOX[\:^-
M/BW)\7-


@'\M?[(_Q#\8_MV?M9_\`!/N'Q[^W;\=T\.?$[_@AE\#_`-ISXR^!O@E^
MU-XI^%^G^


M[3CH^@#PWX&\
:&-#TDVD]@=+T?^S-+M?[

TB
M


?V0[[X#_`![\1^`?`/B/Q_=?$#4O







\A:4[ZO:IX=\/ZY-9W&M:%H^KSZ?'J
M
5A/JFF66H36
6KV
V,LEI<B61HR`?R`


7P^_:8_X(C_$/XM77P63]L;XA
M?'/XKWGQN\!2ZMX@MK_XO?$%O&OAV*[_`&H-;\`WEU?_`+1?P;^#OPO^#G@_

-
N-*N]-^''@+3[O0I6GT.ZLO!_

T[26C0NTQ

MHX_(C]D+2/V8?B[\





MWQ[O/VF?B!^RQ\7_`!G_`
%3G\3?M.ZGX-^


_9V\
^*=/N;?PI





MK3M-;1]

$#/B/XKUW7=7U*


M'AO4/!WA/6--^$W@*QU3POX1U:WUVTU7PKX=UUT*[T3PWJ=IXH\36NH:'I
MLUMIE[;^(M=AN;62/5]06X`/E'_@D)?66H_\$S?V
+O3[RUO[5O@IH




?[*_B7]H*Z\3?`&]_9X\#^%_P!IK7O&






M(9+677]4L-


?B]%JNCP^%=0C\6ZS^S=K6J:QJ.O^'4$
'A?6[\3




M*^


M3PSKUU^W!KGPO^*/[.W[='_!
WX6_%;P_P#'SXVZM\)/$GB?X0_$*U_9VL?V







MXQ_%7X@?'_@GW\6'^,GQ/C_`.IU_\`\%*#\&_VU/@?#\4O'6L7L/@._P#C
MOXZB_:I^%/Q&_9XG\6W'@OPE\'_@[^SIHR_$'X4ZPO@BST'P!9^'_!?B7P5J




_X*9?L\_MPZ'I'[$/PL\/?%;QYI6O7W@K6=/^


U]+#!;R
?#;]H'XQ?#[_`(*&^!/^@7@+4OV)OA'\-_VC?'_`(
N_%'Q-\:?
MLF?L;Z9\*VA_9GT3Q+#X)^


7PI?]G/QEH/BSX-?
M&C4OA?\`$#PIX^LOV/\`X'V7A:SM-9\+^(-)\1VMMXK\3Z??^#[?1KQQ)X@F






]SXS\&0V'PJ\4Z5X8T?5]





TSL0#^2/XO:]\#?@/^RW_`



MP6\+_A/BG_`
$D_B5\4O%6H^!=+\/_`/!2KPSX.OO&A^

M`-E+]K2\:.;6?#WC3PEI6C:GKOB_P]X









?[7FG^-?&OQK^*E[^UQXU^$WB7X6

90D$`_CDO?C7\8/@

__!);]H^#]L7]FG]N3]H#XF?LR_&#]GKQ%^W(




MTE'X%^$.CZZNDI!I'A#XW7NKW0O_`/A$=`GTJ63X5?\`#/'[:7_!
S]BFX_:


M^T?X
O$GCB[\;ZS%\2]$E_9P^(V



M:]'Y.N++86LBZU#]C&G^5JRM$1J
?V!5L?+O!
OV
VQY(5R=O\*?A=9R:7
M+:?#;P#:RZ&93HDMOX/\/02:.9IY+J8Z6\6G*VGF6YEEN)3:&$R3RR3-F1V8



EY%!')
M/*#X7^U!_P`$V_#OQO\`BC\(OBM\//$OPK^'S?O0_'WA^Z^#/Q0_9B^&/Q^
M_9M\=Q_$;5/ASJ.O^*/$?PNO[OX?Z]I_Q)6V^%WA;P_8?$/PM\0]\067A:V




M:\4?M!ZS\4O@J-#^!_[)?Q`?P3'H_P``M2O[WP=\(]5^'O[8_AOX*_`K1]7\



?$%SK.

MV1X]%5+?JOV]_BMXR^!?PV_X*.:G^S'^US\8=/\`@3X7_92_8$^
/A_XJI^T

M;\'8_P!I_P,%W^S_P-O$'_``26U+XC_&CXR?$1_'LW[-'A#]I?XV?&CX9_




M
2XG6RA@660
`?C'\


MX/\`PMU/XY^%?#][X2\






M]XK^'?@SX0^*/V;O@)XD^$WPXUZ#Q5\//A?K_P`'OAYK'P[\!^)[6WUVSM?$


?[27[5GAK
MX@_\$4/$'B3]K+Q[\6S_`
%'/^9'QS^*OQPTGXV2?#*T^$_A?XI?#]G3]G




MXA6GQ?\`B]_P;\_L:_'KQYX'OO%6JZ7X/N/B)\2=3_:^T+QA)I/PQN9SH_A+


MB^$_C=HWB6[T[^$U]X%\.:7#XJ\(:Q;?ZW\
6FF_$709OZ0?#W[.7[/7A+

M%I'%:V5C96L45M:6EM%%;VUO%'##&D:*HO4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`$4[3K!





M?&[P?^Q=XD^!_PR'INI:A^VO^S'^TG^T!X1TOXP_M&:?\'M/^'&M?LJ^)_!
MGAKXH^/B;KEO\(O'_\`96B3S^//#X\+^.M*TS5KJYNY[B+Q/X)\)Z98W^M6

M\1^(=6C_`&QO%-EXPU_Q=K?BGPQXL\#W3W7A76?!/PE=+2ULX-6\16OASQ[9
MS^*=*M?B1!#X

_LZZ#X4TSX+_\$[OAQ^V!X`O/A?\`'#4/BEXA

5MX-T/
MPUXD;P-XKTWQ)X9TZ\@\*F^U[0X=;\.^#-=M=#BNKBZO8=4O]*77+R!9;V:S




_9;\4?!O6[CP;\*_'/ASQ4FL?$?XC

&M5TQ]5O0#Y&UW]O2
MP_9F^'O_``4_:.^$_[#R:EX^T7_`(*@_`W]F[XQ^&IOC]K6B:I\5O$/Q<^$

7^HMX^E


MOBWX%\7Z)X]^#WP^^




MB&'1O`W@]U#PQXS^









M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?GWIG_
M``4G^`5]X$^*_P`5KKPI\?=

MKEK^@E?@1^P=^UI^S-\%OV0OV^/B/\3?B7\/=2\(Z#_P4F_X*I7UYX9L]?T#



M%[KQO=^

M=ZAQO_!3?X'_`+.?[0?[0'[/?ANT_:QUG]@[_@HU\
OAY\2/BI^QS^TOH&J^
M%;&6?PS'JN@:%\4OAYXE\'^+=7T[P_\`''P)
TF@:IXN^%6N+!)_8EQ?ZGI&


:




M






M]%?Q+^.OB_\`!F+P]\9_A-H7[:O@3PCX
MO^Q/_``2OUKX;V/[)_PU1X[^
M%GP_^'OPD_:.T?\`9PM_CE;_``7\1:?\76O_`!5\+)[.Z^
'B/5/'=I]C^'%


M`WPZ^$RS?#G4;I/!WC/5=9\


?%GB*_@TO0?#7AGP_87&JZWKFL:C=/';V6FZ


^/AG\.=:\%R:[KOPH\1:+XU^'O_.RWWMW[=?@;X3Q?LZ_MV?
M!_PU\7/''QNT'QS_`




M^//AMJ?[+_[3'B;]F/Q9IGQ`F\$3W^O^(O#7PU^%7Q/7QCH+^`?%_C?1QX1\

M/;^


6C9.I?M#_!_





M2:9:L;$`_L-HK^/G_@GGI_P4L-6_X(G^+-)^(FM^*Y_VK?@A^W1\'OV@+KXD

MZ'#:IJMQKUE/^CG_``34^WBKPK\9];_`&9_&/@?5U\_P#!)3QI\=?A?\'?
1^&Y/'?A


M?COQ)?ZC_P`+E_8)^



?'




M[_P7`_9
T[]BF'2_B9XT^&NB0?!SQ-H?P#M/VF-*^`WB?PEXIT*\TC]F_P#X
M3_4/CMH/A%/!.O6?@?0M&M/%$G@F/0--ATV6

=6




M;73KOIOA=XX@^)WPS^'?Q)M=/FTFV^(7@7PCXXMM*N)TNI]
@\6:!I^O0Z?/
(/&'Q2ETSX.?&A/BQKNCQ6_@RZD\+?ML:O\0/^



MCX__`.[G[3VMWO[3?Q2\7_LLWVM:Y\.;'X7?M$_&+PQ\0]UWXI?\$WOASH



M-S;6VN:9:ZG!;W!B9XC/#%=)'*8W:

M

?BGQ!\4G_8^\+:EX17X7S7=UXXU7PW+X5\

M)Y_!



M


MU4T5_*;\3M'U+Q]^TE_P7O\`B5^R-\5?BQ\1OVI?V:O@5X#U[]ESP5X#_:;^
M


MUOQ/_P`$6?/C;6[I]-_:6_X([_$#Q;^VOX7U3X]?$G2]+^)?BWX8?#C]D76
M/`6L_&FR3XA645UJ_@?Q#I/[1HTWUYHQX6_X5QXLL=.L]-M?A;Y'AT`_L0H


(/#'PV
M_P$1/BJXM=7U_2O#-K=P#QKXJ\(:.-.LM3UJQGUF2'4[O5[?2EN[G2-#UV_



M7POK.NZ#\



MBGQY^W%\%=*UO0/V[$^
_PRO_P4YUKX1_M$_![X@^,?$7Q)T=OBGHOB&U^



M-



M


^'OC+XD2R^)2Z;XXOKF
*]+\8/!XD\
M


MU'QEX4LBWVGQ#I$5Y^B__!:/PGX!\7V7_!
^Q^+GB'7/!WP?M?\`@I[\-)_B









M=`']*OP@_:E\/?&#X_?M1_L]6/@+QYX0\4_LIZE\*M.\6:QXN/@MM#\:Q_%W




WE]:6_F7$?%?/QOKGQ*^%_@'Q_XF^''C#X/^(?
M&'A31?$&M_[X@-H3^-/`.J:G917-[X6\2OX9U?7M!?5M(G=[2Y?3-6O+9VC



MWPUO=&T2^\)6GAB3[:VHXWP$^
.B?%'P[_P10\
?MB_$6'5OV%_BM_P1^TZ^
MU#QSXQ^)NJ:;\-?B9_P4$TKP1\`_#FJ^%_C?\0K?Q'8Z=JGC_P`+_#!_C7J_

MU:Z_XH\






MFD^%O$&DZ#\6=#U'XD_VY\'VNF^%-6^'WA[U+]L[Q#=_$2?]O+Q1X8_;,_:
M3\.VOP3_`.!/P!_;6^$WASX
?MB?%'P/X
L/VD-!M_VMK[0?BM::+X$\=6%






+;0M0GTKQ;XIN+JZ\626=[J;Z
MIJ5Q)/=2`'JM%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%



M\G[9I&MZ?::KIEW]FN(KNW^TV%]#/:S^1=007
/FQ/Y5Q#%
FV2-&75HH`R=


MN[2:Y;1[R*_OX[K3#*;*XCO;M)H'6YF#]-10!G:1H^D:!IUKH^@Z7IVB:18H

D
2*9'=R-S$G-T[P?X2T?6=3\1
M:1X6\.:7X@UK?_;.NZ=HFF6.LZMYDJSR?VGJ=M:Q7M_OG1)G^U3R[I561LNH
M(Z.B@`HHHH`*P+?PIX6M/$-]XMM/#6@6OBO5+5+'4_$]OHVG0^(=1L8ULTCL


MHHH`****`BBB@#G_%F@-XJ\*^)?Z:YX@\
/XD\/ZSH^)?=_%I?BKP\VL





M0+X2_+P#\$?A_X$^&GP[T&TT7PU\.OAWX^%GAS;!;'4QX*^&?A^#PSX+TG

JMZ710`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`445_/_`/LO_M2^./C9
M:_'KPEKO_!3NT\-_M-^`?VY/VN_V8?A1\#]8TO\`9`U!-?L_@A^T+XZ^'/PA

M%%%?SK^

-9\%?%A)P#^BBBOC7XH?\`!0']DSX
^-;_`
!_
M$?XFZGH.J:-\1OAO\(?$FO6_PN^+WB'X:^#OBE\7/^$??X=_#[QU\8/#/@+6



M&5B+[P]\()OB4NB?\([+XAN3+:Z1?ZQ97%YX+T#Q7=?\(3XB\4Z3XRL=6T'3



MWQ2_;K^!/PB\7:U\/O$L7Q-UGX@V'C.?X?\`AWP#\/OA3XY^)?C;XC^*M-^#

M0=)U
`^R**_




`_86BODGP1^VO\#?B/\6)/A'X+F\=

M\





L=(UB37O`-E?1Z?8Z@`?KM17R=K_
M`.U)#X
_8PU;]K_Q%\
_B#J-MX7^!MW\:-?^&6@Z/8VWCVXMM(\
OXAU?2]*



MO!'[
1_;&UCQ]:7/[.TWPT\
_%W2/B!HFF:SKD7B3P+XWT_2-2\$:EX:T73=
M/N-?UN\\9P^(-!M_#.CV6F2:KJM_K.G6$-G]JN%B`!]%T5^8GC?_`(*T_LO_


M^S?X=_9@^(OP]^('@ZW'PF\-7WQKNOB+X7^#L7[+&EZ+X1@^('Q$\8?'SQ=
M;Q^$==L4U3QE;^)_B!9^`_W@.UT_6)=:TZZ`/TQHK\_HO\`@HE\-[G2_&NG
M6GP;_:





_B:YM)-'\/?
M$+Q/XN@B\+:
/#EWXN\



MJ\2V5YI?A;5M92.*[F^8_'7_``4D\(?'G]G_`/:I\

^&WP-_P?'[%
M7Q(_:3UWQS\2?B7JO_!-+]G;]KW]H+Q#HMS\/3XAT7P7JWP=\+ZAXM^+GBJT

M

_[--M\.-
U;Q_\6M(


M=OA1X-_:B^

GP\^!W@S6M?TCQ


M6\#7T.D7`C^D?'?_``55_90\^%?7Q&^U?$CQA\)/$'PX_9J^

MQ3^.ITKPS#\&OA[\2_A9\(?^%X^//7C_G\7Q^/M`.A_#X-?#Q5J/P]@\!:


MS2[2'X4/?R7-G;`'ZE45^(OP%_:G^.OQ)_X+4_%_X(^)+3X]?#/X(V?_``38





#/









M_L\6?@70OVB/C)??M7?LX^(OVH?V?[+X0_L]_$CQ?-\1OAWX7CTF35M*TV1M

MOQ











M\
:WH&JZ5?16/BWPCK5FFE^
_#GAZ^O;Z`/K*BOQB^
W_!4;P#:ZO_`
%
M?@_XTUCXZ?L7:=^Q+X&^'B7W[5X_9Y\6?&J#0[SXF:-J6I+\6O#_`(8T#X;?


:7H7@FXM+Z/Q+!X9AM_L\0!^C]%?CY^US_P4


M:ZU32K2Z`/TQHK\[_%W_``5:_8
^'G@OXT^//B/\:M6^&VC?LZZA\--/^.&E



M^M:A\/=$_M7Q]X*\9Z%H/:?L9?\`!3C]F3XU_`71M1\5?M!Z!J'Q0^$7[(7P




M#W_PA^(-VGQ
TB#1?AY\2-3\&Z5/K7BW5/TA_;&_:?T+]C?]GSQG^T1XH\$^

1VEYJ

_C+2(M.;1/AIH'B

-UJ$]I:S




Z+Y4Z*)86DB=';KZ`/QM_

M_8M_X*+^/A'^PQX5D\=_[]KCQMX9U'XE:S^W_J7CSXV_$?]FK4_C=\1?&W

M_M8_LK^(/$GPF^-6K^)X9-7^

MPZ^DMK6IWUC_`


M$^-?$?AK0+K2[WQY\)/#_C*\MI$%IINH6=EKE]+IO[MT4`?S3?;_@EC^W+\
M,?C-X-\06OAG_@G_`*/\)]#_`.M@_X*-3:%\















M8_8\_:1\'?M%?OXB_%+X6ZE#^S?K7CQO@W\;?@SJ6AW?@3QOIOBQ?#OQUV


+?_A(OA;8?$CP?I/B

M_P!&_B7P5X-\9QVD/C#PEX9\5PV#RRV
7B70=*UV.SDG5$FDM(]4M+I;=YEC
MC65X0C2*B!R0J@'B7P5X-\9QVD/C#PEX9\5PV#RRV
7B70=*UV.SDG5$FDM(
M]4M+I;=YECC65X0C2*B!R0J@`'XW?M$?\$_/VD_V@?#G[4/CBYB^`?A+XX_M


MH_Q0^%?P@U/XPZ%_P3[\4_LM^
='N_%WC#Q'\
_CC_P3R^*?C_XS_#W6_B7X
GI-<#P;I7QINOB1:_#R






\36G@WPID?L5_P#!
M/C]J#]D/QS#\*X/'/[(WBW]CKP5\4_B3\1?A?XMO?@9KLW[:MIX4\:^-O$7Q



M?#_`/P3H_:^M?GPJ\*:MK/[-L






MN+66W6OKJ;6-(MK^VTJXU33H-3O'BBL].FOK:*_NI+BUU:^@CMK-Y5N)WFLM
M!UV\B2*-VDM=%U:X0-%IUX\(!^07P
_85_:G^`'[1'Q:G\


M=F^*-SX3DAEM;U+V+08-;6]B?5I-)TO[)A\5^%KBQU[4[?Q+H$^F^%KK5+'Q

F*7L





)[_3?#/B?2/$UCX6F

Z9X2CT

M




MP^%7[2'PO\
?&CX(^


$T_C=KWP[^`7[
7[2&L_!2
MY_9O_9@_:(^(O[1'AKQ%\


MP9JW[0GC'5=;O?#\'B#PSX&T;1M$O]-^'FC);^
M=FG\2ZQKUJ-.72=8_5RB
M@#\VX_V8?CAJO_!2CXZ_M$^*M
^#UQ^R]\6OV&_A9^RG;PZ=\1?'2_&T:[\/
M/B5\9/B'?ZKJ?@D_JS\&67A[7T^.WB?P^EWIWQ;NM8TZ/PKHFKII\TOB&]L
M/#WS;^R+_P`$]OVM?V6OA#XM_9TU#XB?LH_$_P$/PJ^#/Q!^$W[*OBJ'X0:



_P#;
M=_:LTSXF_#_P1\0OV3_'7PYU;X&?L_:'\$Y/V@-+^)GAQO@1\9_@EXR@\4^*
M=4\&?SX9:)K'POT]/C3+I6DX^-EA;6OQ
^$^CRZA\/O#GA7Q7X&2VL&_;;
MX$?$[_A=GP/^#7QE_L3_`(1G_A;?PI^'GQ._X1O^TO[9_P$?_X3WPCH_BK^
MQ/[8^P:5_:O]E?VK]@_M+^R]-^W?9_M7VS\W[/'ZK0!^`?Q0_X)2_&C]I'X

M]-^'FB76LZIXKMZ9_P6G[8WQB_8O\`BG^Q[^TM\8?V/M%



7BC1-)M-*T2X_27_@HK^V3??L#?LL^)OVGH/A8/C!IWA#QS

G^(+WQ<1<:!J4VH7'AVU8





]_9Z;K!OM!N[F+6](U?3

MHJ+.*.V`\E%0`'Y
_L9?\$_?B]^QS^U%I^J^&E^%FO\`[+_PZ_X)N_LL?L
_
M#37-0^)_CI_CGK^O_LV^)_BGXVN/&WCGP'/\()?!.A:;XXUSXQ^(+!X/#_Q7

C]KKX0Z#^Q)\4M.\0_L[Z[^TC^Q-^
MT7^WOXWL/!D_CSXF:1\#?C%\$_\`@H;\2/%/Q-^*/A[5O&2_!_5_&_PV^)7P


MWB7X-_&_X;?&W2-&\47OA_3-;US2M#\37GPZB\-:EK6DZ'KM_H=MJTFKVNAZ
MS+9+IEU3_;

?#ND_M^.?V&=L=6^
OPAM/&LWP[


MO^@&C^$]8_9IU'P7_P5$^&7A:+XWWGBWQ/\1DU3]FGXT:G\-%_9K^+.J_
MSPH/A7XBTS]I#X87O@#2M,\4^O#/CWQ5\!=4A\4^'9O#^M7A\.^-&NO!'UU


M_`^_\#^.H+^XO+;6]&DTRTTK]!OV/_VR/A1^VOX)^(OC[X0KKBZ!\./C7X_^



M_NM9\9?%;]C+X(_$+]IS_@N-\6?VZOV?/B;\1/VC/B/\./A=X0\
^*/V*OB'
M\*]8\`?$/XS^)_V9[OP=\.?B5J^FZ=:Z#HFA:KX+^*_AWXL:7X\\6^`+/1K:





7EW</'!:
MVMK!')/<7$\B0PPH\DCJBLP`/YY/V7_^9'[=O['<G[$OQ'^$7CC]E3Q'\5_
M@;^QC:?\$^_C[X/^(VO?&6Y^%_C+X





M)XE_;?O?VG_A%?\`P:U'P9XV_8(^(_[(7COPW\1_$GC?PQXGTK7YO&VK_$?X







@))J263LNK:+!<Z@+3Q+IEI/&-=T%]3TRWNX!?



^(GP^\(:-X`^&W
M_!*7X4?L:^



M\




MAV^\.`'\^G[2WQ+G\5_M_P#[7_[
O[47[4WQ4_9#^*7B;XG?LO\`C#_@G?JW

MX5:]XL\4^'?'#:1J.KW_`(!\
Z
_@#;_`&
O%_P3^
_QJ7X$?MC:-^TAI7_!


M_P`$FOB[\)?VH_B3X\_:PN/C%\??!7[?5GXH_;*^
OCS^Q?V$?#_`(0_:JA^
URV\0


#21K
$
9=`





M\2^

`-=_:`N-)^&=Q^Q?X+\9?#:_@N]/O_VW?MUIWQ3




=
T/X#:7\0];_:




%`_`/[7/@_]E;3O@1^


MHCHH`_C





%A;R_V


MPIX+_9;_`.N_@;P1X^(NEV_B7_`(+T?LJ_%GPEX9TSX2?%RYE\0^%8/BU_

NKW3=2TWXAV]I_6_10!_$W_P`%)+W7_BG^
MRAK&B:Y\`OVJC^UQX5_X)7?L




M??]MS]A[4K_`$SXJZ3K]YXN^*:IJ/AGXY_L8_%/Q;HMA\,OV?M(\:6?@2YT
MC0?%7PAO?!5UX[L_!4L?A?['_;7\$_#WQ?\`\%6/^747B3X=ZAXU&H?#G]N
MKP'\1KF]^'OBWQ?\.1\-OB'\%[31M-\)_$?4AH6J?#2QTGQIK
&N:/::/XPN



?$'[`W[(_A'Q+XCU'X(:M\&_VT/^F
M_BSPC%^U;^R#X^^,7[$6M/K_`.T7\=O&'A#X?_M9^O&EMX-U31-#^)_P1^.

MC?LH_#K4OV?OVJO$W_!/KP?IOPQ^$=GJFLZ5XF^%WBJ[^#^@6U]\-/!FO:U=








MA_\`$KX=?M!?M





MXUOX#?$SX=?%_\`9Y^&OBGQ+X$^)1^'&B^?B$?/@A=&\0:'X4T+39TUFU
M_I5_X)H?!?P7\!_V+X_!'[-&N?M:]\










Z?J]G977]CS-8V
M8@`/YPOA]^RYX7^''_!





M1?L0_C0?A?X=_X(6?%/P!X%\=^&/V@W\?\`[:WP^)?Q`\?^'/CCJ'CS2?A






M?C9_P1[^-'P.\
?L%_\`!


MVI!S/^R=%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%

_P`=?`O_``4\_:B_9^T#
'?$.B:UXFL/&FEHL2Z5X;N_Z%)3*(I#D<DPC<Q1RR-#$\H4F-))4






M$O[







\
Z9^TU^U%\1?V







ZGXLL?!DD/P\\.ZXFE^




^)7B


MW6/#7Q%'AZQ\*^


M%SXH32=





M^-)M3E@\.6L-AISS`'OWQA_X*/\`[.OP+U[Q!X7^(TOB/P]KVE?&RR_9_P!`





M&?CKXK^
O'/Q:\


M$VJWOB#Q&]G-X@U&/26U--`TD`_GW\+?\%-?BG^T79?\$7OVR]'\._'WX??#
MG]ICX[?M@^%_$O[



_&=[\
OA9X\L-2_9G\9W?PT^.^C^*[OXM_$KP%
M\-]!U/X=_$RUC^'M[#)\0[B'7_$]_I\7@^?Q%IL[:E'\6_L:_P#!
3]KK]FW
MP!_P2N^%OB_Q#^SAXH\.?\$V_CG^T1KAU_PWXS^)NGZW\2/A'\5/A+\:/@[X

/BKXJ^`7QH_9D
M_;M_:;OOVJ=3\&^





-E9'


MP:_X*V^!OVA?VBO!'AOX/^`_%GBC]EKQ9_P3[UG]N*+XWVNA6UWK][IT7Q#F
M\&6VDZ=X!L_%;_$



OB





M_P!HS_@F)XE_8






MV`/'^C:YIGPG_M'P'\:_B%H7PMU_PQK6LR:-\7M8TO6/AO=V_P`9/`MM)XA\
M#ZEXMUF*YO[J7_A&6TZQGOQ^?VA?\$D?CS\++7Q1\3_V8O$_[./[
_Q7T3]K


ML^&==^


M$TWBKXA_&OPM\]=LYM8\;^!-,\ZAX'^
7BVP^)+^







_@:OB_]MS4M3F_LG]HSQ=I7@OX._&;PSJ7




MTC-^5/[2G[5GQU+]IS_`()8_$KP)X*_;+\&0ZM^U#^V9\/BG^R5/'I/@/5
M_BUJ/@?]C_\`:
U?3].U?P]J'CW3/@C\3]*TGXA^!O#OB?X?_%`?%G5/@U:V



MQ6_AN_L]6LK36OMVF122VJ6TGF]O^R1^UY\0/B7^P+\;OVAOC5\%_%?Q*_9C
M^


M/'_B?2]
\-\M-_P3=_:A\':7\%?'OPF^*GP$7X\?!'_@HW^VE^VWX?LOB+X8








MUFATSP7K_BGQ1JWASP]K:V'_``68_8TU;XH:9\.=%U+Q=XBTO5?&/Q]\!1_$



M\`^*/A#\-_'WBQ-:&I:KXO?'7B+P[8'P=:W7A:VEM]4L@#UK0/^K7[/FK?





MZ:A^UI^S[\1_%WBN^_:8\?\`P.UT_#[3?#]]\8?A]XC;X*_$'X=^&M:\107?

M]JCQY:_##X0_$CPI\)!X5^$ECJUK!\*/AK9^(_B3XO\`'CZYXCNM;O=5U7XH



^&'[;MY^S'\/_P#@L)\??C_??'#X


T66_T32[:ZUJ^^A/#/@G2OV*-'_P
MD7CO]MR?P%K/[-O[9?[6U_\`$30=-^'W@[XT_&O7+CPY\7/@_P##+]FV3X9_











9==U[XOZ$
M-$ATG6=*\0VFD:Y#8Z;J'O7[&_[=O[/_`.W-\.?BA\3O@CK.HGP_\%_C7\2?
MV?OB:/$9\/)'X;^)7PICTB[\66MOXD\+^(O%?@3Q3X;&D^(-#U[1O&W@SQ=X
MC\(:YHFJ6M_IVM3H)EA_.G]H;_@EO^TWXW^-7[07[4WP


M/B'XYCU6+QCH?P:T?Q'X;^%?A;0]7T2ST&7P-X(OO$-]+X_UO35M[:]U6_\`




M3^SA^W1XO\?`'XG6G[2/[(7P%^&GQC/PD^+C?E]*31_CSJ6J^$?A5XZ\5W


MAZST.?YK^(__``1._:H^-_@S]K+P?XX^)W[%?PHT7]J#_@G_`/#G]EM?#/[.

M^


M^$VMKKOB#5--\








M_:@UW7?@O\3M.L&T?Q7\+O\`@G]XK\8_$?PSXD_8-T#Q'IEQ'KEQX0OOV=/C

M`KQY\4O@]8Z?I6JZ'\5H/&GPOL=*O--^''C_`%OP-H7@OXBZ#9ZY:ZUK?A+5

O$/@#XI_LV_LO?`KX-_#F_B\8:














&^+6L_%7Q'\0OVKO#?@_P'\1O#VJ:#I.D^![#

M3_VBK];;Q3X(\.Z?\'O!NLV;E?A1X9O]9^(5WX.\)Z;=ZYX1M'\4W_B0`^BO

G[$:MK.K?$/Q=X3\2


&HZ+^R3X.^

M/!W_``KW1O'/PT\

M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH

_L@_%+1_AGI7P:
M\*_$7]FKX(^-_`GPKT?X@ZY\4[?P!\//%/PU\-:YX!\*77CWQ'X6\':UXDU7

MPT^/WQ-^&/[



M6=*\0Z%JD`NM

M/B3XW&J:C:P^%/!C7\$UNOB#7I;#3F

L@G
4;R#\!O@_P#MW^(OCAX%_8\_


M``2=_P?WQWTK4?'Q\!W&D?$OXC?&;PIXCTG1/#OC;1?%D5[XBN?@%H6@_!


MACQYX_\`#?A#]D;]I+]F3]HW0OAYXO;X8OXH\4_#7]M3X0Z'I7Q+\)Z==WD&
MO:?#XRTCX@_!W2_B5J7@;X8R6%OKGC+Q]X*NO#6E^('N-9T724_//PE_P4N_

MOB;HD'P?U+0?#WCK1+6V\/\`B#P%\#/BMKYTFV\9Z^+7P[\0_@IXG\16^O:%

/PGO?A/


MOB)\



M6WA))'UF+4M:M+&:UCNO-BB_+7]JO]N/]J#X2?M:Z'I7PY\5^!/&GP@\/_MP




M[/4OPPN?A9H^FZ3XK\(ZI\(_/Q]^(%G\9_!NH?%6!_`OC7PIHOA;POK^H^$
MO7A]OB;X
UGP



M


MG[

M/[6O[4'B#X*_LJ?%7XN^-_@[\3K36?\`@J-#\2OC7X:^'_P`B^)/CD?L'_M6

ES-H.N


?
MCQ%\-=\+_';6?#7[/U]X
^(VA?'SPOXO\4?&GQWX[\.?#K7M;\#CPAJ&G7Z
MR`'[[USGC#Q=X:^'_A+Q3X\\::U8^&_!W@GPYK?B[Q9XBU.7R--T'PUX;TRZ
MUG7=:U8*QAL=+TNRNKZ[EMY=O!(^TXQ7\AW[='[5'[;]G^R7_P5W^`?CWX


8_A!IG@^#6M=^
_Q%


\&^&/B#X#\5Z69CIGB;P9XST2


MTFL6FL_MQ\5_BY\2O@O_`

M/XL\-_!;P]HNI^/M
G\+:-XN\;:;JGBKPCX



MF:=)KVA:5/;?/OQ

?Q-\6?M)_&3PA8S_`CX9?



M.\67WA?6/AGXBT2UUO7M*\8ZF


%-$\8?\$N/$,7Q,\&Z-X?^$'AZP.N^$K7Q5XJL
M/BUXI\1WOAKQ=XS\-^#?#/C+PKINHI;Z5X3O_V2\?\`Q[^






M?'OQ]^R-\+_A/\6?#6M_'[]E?]IW]FWX7:'XT\'7_P`=?@W%!X=UV;PY\=-&

7.E`']4%



MX[;Q'M\/C1;S5=7\.Z+H^OZAK?P[U/QMX'\7_DO^V%\3_P!JG]ECXS?\%O?V

MS1FTOPCX

_V?O#OC
M']G[XZ_`?X4?#OXH:;\5O@R?#_PSN?NO?+QG!X[OO#MSX)^


M_M5?\$U?UQ\0[GQUX:_:G_X)!^,_P!HOX@_:^\



UW%U=6U


M3T+P=8RVV@:=^N__``4/\1^)_$?@[X=_LL^!?`_CWXD:U^TYXHN=*^)WA;X:
M2_#V#Q7#^RGX!?1]9_:0O?M7Q/\`B#\
OFG:-XWTC5_7[.][K;^*[?5M`U

)Y+5[K


^
GPP^&?@#
MQ%'XN;PSHWBF#3O$LOCR73+[PUXQ\;:KX%;5I=*FCT[2+6.[
P!_017#?$SX
MG?#GX








2/%.B^

M\(_M0_LV^/?@@/VE_!WQ\^#WB']GA=&OO$%S\;].^(WA*7X5Z=HVE2/!K%]K





_:)N?BM\/M


_D!
M\4U[5_VDO\`@X:T*]M;74O@E;_$_P"DGA.P*V%[X7_`.%G7?\`P3?^!U[\
M9HH-/5YK:/6OM47@_\`$YDM(I)=:G6XN99]36]
._\`!BPL=2_X-RO@[::C

M:

\L;JXA=XY%8XWQ-^*WPT^#'
MA*\\=_%GQYX4^'7@^QN+6RF\0^



P_'[X;_
/I=`A_M?W;Q]IO[:_AOQ)_P`$








M^$5G_P`+4_8[UCXAZKI7[5^I_#B&PT'Q3I?CC2_@`OP2_:1T=/%WCG3AJ?C;






M20#]5:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`O


M:]XP\8^#_A'\1/!/A+7_`!QX@T[3['3O$/CC4=$G\6Z_86EO9:QK-[:Q+$/J






?#UW\`M+^''AC4?#?@WQ9IOQZ





M/EA22R\%?%+Q%XS\-6KM
T.F(;B?S/HWX7?LS_!'X+^/_BQ\3_AEX)'A7QK\

M^@Z98Z1#;6$=H+:TMHX?E;XX_M3?''P1_P`%#/V1?V2/#_PHT?5?@Y^T#\(_

M(?%-U+'9:':Z0N@73:_\._\`!.?_`(*//X2^%/[+GP7_`&D_!_[1UM9_%/]
ML#3/`/[8OQE\1^&?&?@?XC^(/V;/'GQL\:^*_!NK^(+SXD^*/C=:ZCX9^'P


MS\-]9^+





M\

=IX$^&GQC\(^!=

M\
KJ?Q+\7'\R_&QT_XA_%'0O`GQCN?AK!:V7@N_P#C#\+-!\:Z9\


/AD^/-.T]?)L8O%^#_``Y#






:


:?=W=\=
TN













;Q#X^^+'BB



MWOOAYXEU5_%IN_&E@3XH\1WUIJOC*37O$.FZQKNK:YIVL6FLW]S?R?&VI?\`

M].N?`]SX


MIX=T2Z^&/QN\(ZYK_A:Y_9N_:&@U'QIX-FN_AMXZN-1TFRTK6;R6Y\:1ZUH.

W@'1

M#OA_53K+:AHFEW-I]
:S^SW\$O$?P
NOV9_$/PQ\(Z[\!+[P''\





/AM=^!XM?\.^%O




MS:GX6\1SSPZ3?W'R\/\`@H-K_@=?V






M-$U3Q-)XXT33QC?!G_@H-^U)XI^


GQ6^
?Q&O[[4K

0#[VT3]@S]BSPU^T7?_`+7/A[]EGX%:'^TU





G




M[



MW]QJE];:=I/V71-.O/$7BVZTW3+2?QAXIDU?\G/V%/\`@HO\3O@E\+?@[X
^
M


7&B/K?BSQAK']E#4?%O
MB2YU3\POV5O^37[0GP=^)UAJ7C6\^!WAHZ-^TUKG[1VL?M*?L_?M#?MH^!O


M:#JJ'Q^NN:
^K_9]#\.ZE?V?GWP?_PG'[+7A?X?CQ[^S]\:/&'[3^F_M

_BC^TG^V)_P


MR2Z'X
^
'@^#4A:^+_A+\2KOPS+*-
UAI].B\.:O-K^C6N?^Q%^WNO[/7@O]




M'I/P















MW;_L^?&_P-^R3\'OA#\%OCAX_P#V8OBK^RYX^*7C72O&/Q&L?/PO\`BOID

M]X+_`&2=!^%IUO3T\1^._CI\4K3X/?3PA)J=UH]CJ_BMO7BWX@Z[K/BG6M
M
T+Q;K'ASP%X+\!^!?%7BCQ=XDTGP?XMU&T@L+'2-'\.:YXBUW0](O\`Y%^#




MT\
1W6A7ME'X$\;^./A7KFD7?AF^M-2T&?0/%_PN\1^#O%WAV32[RQM9+8Z'








S:SJUYXN

MJ!^







M4U&_^&/C!O'_`

MQYH

TWX


?Q2U'Q-\2O$WC?Q3X2T_3-(\'Z_K

+%\07N

M/_!2F#XD?\$W_P!KK7OV*+/X]:SXG\%?L@?#/]H?6_C'\+?'+_`/Q9^SO8?'



MM/$6MPW_`#GQJ^



M!\F2[T_2]-N--TZYM++6-;@U'\K-
_X+`?LY_M7#5/@+\/8OB/H
?[2/[
7Q
MX^(7[/7QF^'_`



M^._Q4^'V@Z]IOCO]I;QGH7Q`^-&MZS\0_B/XSC\5^+/#'A73_`WA_4;'1O&W


]]?Z;H^ISD?$'P?8^$/B)\
M
+W2M3M/V@/A+XTDT/Q5\.Y;*6Y\
-\2-)QJE`'[BT5^*OQA_PZ?[+WP#\






_L]:5\



M1\5KZ_\`/BB/Q=J/CS]EG686^&GQFU^2%OGQS_`&3/%/A/XUZ'\1/@?JWP





+O

MX8T.4_'_`%R?X4W7AKP7^T9XG73?$

WFCS?;WB;]OO
M]E'PM^TS\#OV1[WXP^[SXU_M?#WQ#\4?AYH&E^*_5Y;S^M'D\/0:%JVH





ML:L`?B5^VC_P2*^

M9-\0O@;\1?A=\2_%/Q$U3Q?XWN_^$N;PC\2_`WQ-L/BM\6_AE\3?A;J7A=?#
M'C'X7ZKHF@7UM#K
=WXEC]R^*O[`?[5_QMUWXW^/_%7[5WP-\'^/OCI_P3Q'
(X+ZT\4^.;'PEX`U:


M3/VG?V:];N9[+1OVA?@=J]Y:Z%XE\47-IIGQ9\!7]S;^&O!DM[!XP\13P6NO

MXH:=\=+OX!?\$7/C?_P3GT#X-?#?]DC5]?\`&'Q$U[XFZ3\-;74?C':Z9J?Q

MP5KOQ0_;'^
OQDT#7[&WUF]UNPD_9Z\$Q^`_$7A[6?&'B3XR:YHZW.I^(KOQ




6?B#2;GP9/X3&GG5CXHA\40W;Z))X=&EJVI'6
MTOFTW^SP;S[3]F!DKRKPW^U?^RUXR\0^(O7A#]I7X`^*O%?A#P19?$SQ9X9





M7C'P)^U[^R]XU\(_#J/P;-\0?%7A+X_?CQ'X;\0_$9))?A[+XRUS1_%EYI
MGAB/QW%#+)X-?6[JQ7Q0D4CZ(;Y48C8U3]KW]DW1/#/PU\:ZU^U#^SMI'@WX
MS^(;;PC\'O%NJ?&OX:Z?X9^*_BR\F6WM/#'PUUZ[\30Z5XZ\0W5PZ06VB^%[

MA;\


M`!7X8\4^$]3^&'@S6;2=]5A\1Z-J
^AZAI^K::;GY7_X*5?\%









M?Q+\0M/M=+T3Q=K_`(

M[/GA+XE?!OXB-X_\$VOPN^
UY\%)I?#/B3Q)XQ\#_&7P?KOB?3O#GCR]\`/K


MJ.I^*/HO4?VK_P!F^T^+%G^S^_QW^%VG?&[6]5U+PMX?\`ZCXETXZWJ'C33?


MKOVB?@+IGB_X?6]U\6-2U#PIXLD\







Q^!;G6/VK=7\=:_X\\+ZA\-OBA\0/B];'Q1X%U;XC^+&^
\-7ECXIU_PS'WB'1/
MNH:=XFU33+30=0LM0G\_P#AK_P4&_8:^
OQ#\



M?[
7Q*_9UMOB1K%OJGQ'^#_BWX2WWQ6\9Z19^
_$9;QMX8O_``OKWC35=#TB


MWOK76/V:?@O=/X2LMNGW.GV/CS3K;5M-G\8:3J7@WWKQ%^VY^RAX9\`?#OXH

M?#KX?Z;JFF7_`


*O%D&F^-M(;2_!-MJFA^&M%?7M;TZX]3^*__!)1?'7B3]L;
M6O!G[3_C?X?Z'^U[\;_@#^T=KWP\U'X9?#7XB^`-/^*WP1?X:VU];^,=&\46
M*WGQ0^%?C[1OA5X;T_6/A;J^J:+I-M<7WB]NM0UN*XT6PT#]#]._:E_9RU?
MXP?\
_Z;\;/AO=_&EY?$UM;?#:+Q5I?_``E.HW_@FPTK5?&VDZ1I[3J=9USP

DIPOA_\`MF_LF_%/5_%V@_#W]HOX


MXI75O&+PPZ'!K.C6GA?TCX&_\%&O^%]_\%/_`(F?L@?#3Q-\)?B)^S_X4_8A

\?:+J
M6D^#-%EO-.\::&D-_?6=@=1UOWK2/^A7P#U?]M+XR?L2C4K[2O'7P'^?A+

M::O;Z-#JUQX@TCQ-INB`'@WQ!_X)X?M!?$G_`(9H^
_B+]N&6Y_;E_9:\3?$
M75_A[^T

-.N)O`/C#2M!T+5KBZ
MD^-







^+/[6G[3'_
M``4HTGX)_M'?L^?\+J\







M.U3X[6'P_L]?OM#E\
^+=&T'X5^'?A^%W@]/!7A;2OOB.9+=O%%SXS\0^-
M/$WB23Q/8]C^VI^S#XS_`&I/!?PKT+P'\6/#WPI\0?OXX^$?C/_CKX1V7Q



M&G16D[Q_)U__`


M_BQX
M$T+2=9N_&.I2:#;@'G_PI_X)6_%;X?:G\(9O$?[8&F^/=)^$O_!2+X_?\%%;







MP9-K&B0ZYH4WC/X?Z





O@[_@H3
MX8\=_M
Z#-?_`/!1'X0?!_X6?$?7]%^`MSI4G@N?X7_#QOASJ'B;PKILGQIO


M5KVN_%*3PI9:=X:N8Y/%FH6^F1:!X5M+Z[-BP!T?[:_['#?M:Z%\(-6\)?&#


(_@3X*\4?_QY\.?C+IW@*P^)/PLOO@!IGB7P</#
MGA&:Y^&/@W7O!5QH7Q0C\2^%?$D.OZOJ6N^*I/$VJ1O]
ZA^W_\`L.Z1HGPU
M\1ZM^US^SII6B_&*T\=W_P`





5E^R_\:OV./'?Q8\%_LE?'#P?^Q[XT^$7ACXJ?LQ_&3P+\+)/B;9_&


MH7C+PAXI\)Z5X]\

WMDNI6?B+2O$
3:?<63K=17#P

M*^+_`




M\:?H/@7]BGXK?LJ^-O@M\9_AI^TM^W%\!OV8_$GBJTNKGQUHP\'_`!/US7]$



M`
%%?A3\1--\`VNC_LC?M4Z=\%_AMJ7@O0_$6B:EK7@G6O@_\/\`XH6=QXX_






^#_#?BC2





=3U^Y\20^#+/P]I/CC0=;U#PYJWB&
)OAU\4/V=;7QSI?C7X=VTOPPT_P#:.T?6





MUQ:_$)M=31]9\.M::5=:QJ=YX:OM1N(_#FGZKJ=JDD5E(Z`&%\3/V?OB%X[_



M-W[5WPJ\-_%/X+_\$[/A_P#\$QOC%X@^+7[

M2'[._C











=
MYKVCW?B'0K1_!BZT?$:76M:!87VN:3;MIHEU'1[*[U.S2:RMIIT`/G']N_\`
M98^*W[5'@'X4:%\




^OZ







`YO#_Q!AT'2_$LFEV-OXY\/^';O7],DT;6=
M-U#3O$^B6U]X7UZPO;75/#VL:MI-W:7\X!_-/^SM^S#^V)H47_!)I[;]G;]H
M+X57_@[_`()L?MD_L!^(O$^KZ;X+NM?_`&<?B]XF?X96/PX^)GQ'MM/\;1+I
M/PQMX/!.N:SH'B73FEU#64\.6=IHGAEKOQ+X,L==Y:Z_8<^+OQK_`&)OBY;?
M[_@F]^U#^SG^W?\.?V%O`'[)7C3QI^T1^U-J?C'P;\:O!?@KQU\)?%OQ
_9
M



MN-


MXAOK#POX=USQ?XFOK/1=/N-2N;/P[X2\+Z?JWB7Q1KMS#;/#I'AWP]I6IZYK






M%?BG\


M\7(M2^#MC_P7LM/&WPC\9?#KP/\`'?XB?\(%XB^.'@KQ#\+=7GTGP+-XCM/'
MGAVVB^


MG;XOZ7KWQ0NOVL?A_P#`OQ3XZ_9BB^(EE^V9^SKIVN_`WXGVVG1^/?%OPO\`



6HZ-J=AJ-M;747!?`









MX5\



_$NE1ZGJ_P`
=9\;



M?&#]A#_@H19?&3P'=_MF^/O&O\`PJTWX%?%C]GQ+X_\+YT7XMQ^?C/XF\+
M_%JV^*'AZ*)OAH+'2O$/QR\
^/;SP-J7Q!M[;2_`FN:AH_[@?M1_M
_#7]D+

7VK

M

MC/5I-%U5;_PMXKLO#WB[1]9T#3P#\'/V+/V(OCK\-/B?X5^#?[2_[#WBCXI/
M^S%^TG\9/V@O@S^W+JO[9?B'7?@MXDLO'7Q0^(GQ'T'Q]X'_`&7M4^

M/VE_%5OXWU3PMXP\/-\/M`^'L.LW7B7QMX@^($VG:UIFA^+_`-

M_!_QCX^\+:G87UAXUCU-(4\2R7=OJ5YJ1O\`3[.\DE\W](:*`/Y7_$'P=_;8
MU?\`:A_9Q\:ZA^P1\?=+TG]GW_@K;\;/C5XAMOA1XG_9#\/?LVZA\'?BUIO[


MY_9#UO4/A-\!/CKXK_;BN_AWX\N=23X_ZE9^.;C3/#_[4OPAM]1\
Z(?%/BI


^&=4\+
MZWXF\+R3^&/$&G?%*^\8W


MQ--X+^


^`_A_H

M[5=8M_#GA+P=X6LKN[N;H:-H6MZUJ6JZI-I'AGP]H6CZKKWB;7=&T73KS4(/


M


M'[





^


M77PQ\/\`P0\




M=


7N+NXFGDDD8`_D.\)_LI_M+K\0


/C1^SI\2H

MP7^

M]_:`_9W_`&A]#T3PEX0^%ZVMC:GQ)X_;PYHLGBCPEJGA;4]:^(.D_P!!U%`'



7=CXX\/Z-I?CO14T_5;J:ST3Q+IUEJ8MM6MKZU@_GJ\3?L

MPM:^$-6\5^%_Z8Z*`/Y8];^#7[:VM_M3?LV^
=3_`&#OCUHFC_`#_@KA\:?C


MHH`_+'_@EE\./CO\.=!_;0N_CO\``7QM\!+_`.







OC)XL\5^
?[-\0^
Y/%?\`9/C*ZMO'GB[P7\.M=U[5M`\&
M^

M_:SO/V.+;]J+PIHW[-W[:OAWXS?%3]G67XQZ+\6](\

^)/

MWR-^T+^R!\9/''Q_P"U'PE_P&4-5\8)_P4LC^.B_`;]HB&?X0W/@3P?8
MV'['OPM_9ZO?&_QU/5?&EC\0OU[^S+\3O6O\`Q@T3P\OAB?5_$S2:8_PH
M.I^)-3U4Z3_1-10!_



=*_0C_@IW\$;WXX?%;_@E_;Q_LX:

_@*\U3Q/!XHOXKZ2UF



M%-4^.GP)\7_LPZ+\#]6^
_PO76?$=GIVO^(OAWX^U+Q1\2(_!/B9O#'B;QD^





OAK
WGAE5)%`/R/_`.7/[+7Q^!OB_XJ__Q%XJTKQ?^S9^PO\`$#XL?LU?



MQ^_90^



M*2::2.&&&-Y99976.***-2\DDDCD(D:(SNQJH+


M''[5W[3?CWPEH?P1^




2?%'4/!?@&S^&_@




MC_@KA\_P!@K5OC/XZ^#VOZ]X7^*7P6^/GP2\&?&[PKXIUCPUX!^*?@33-!
M^
O@70O'NGZ/\3]-\*S:7X;\1:WI


O'/[/Z^
O'QQ_:#U']J[X@VWBGXI?&K7];?]H[5='M
MO#U]\8O!/C#5?B/=^,?A3XUETRM-$CU+X5:]X+%KI%O%IUK%!9H(:`/C_X5




MAI?B.YOKW7-/A/B#4M6OS9ZE=:EJ$]S;27CQ&2\N&55\UL@'X%?\$\_C5^T)


/%/P[?\`9^\*^*_`7PA\1_SXZ_M
M!_GQ]X1^'WC3[&=?^'0^)7PX^*GA?XA:[\.Y)-

M^';OPWHNDW/AW1);#ZR\'_GX;?#_P&FB?!KP1X(\-^%?A5X;\*0^!M!\`Z


OB_P#;_$

_V5/VJ





MX\


M:V/@K3I]=T?5?`E34OVUO^AGC[P+^RCX-\-?&;X0?_XL7_`/P5@_:3_P

M[

7Q!U?XEKXT^


MPY;V7B2;3=
FMOU#^)'_``3C_8D^+_P.\/?LY_$W]GSPCXT^$_A/QK/\3?#V
MEZWJ'BFX\5:7\4;[5-3UO5_BI#\4$U^/XI2?%/Q'K6MZYJ_BOXE3^
Y?'/BW

_%7X*_!QOV??A?

\*Z=I4.AW-SYG[C_LB?%\_M&^`]?_:











M#J?BF[.K:DUUY:G_``2\_89CTR_TA/@I=+8ZI^TJO[8VI*/BM\:OM5]^U(&G
ME/QVNM0_X6-_:$WQ%DN+F6[FU][HSSWQ2_G$EY%%.@!E?MN?M+^.OA5\8?V$
MOV;O`6K)\/+W]M;X]^-?A;KOQROM#TK6;7X8^&?AU\#_`(A_&*\TKPJOB:*[
M\%K\8?BAJ7@_2/`OPNA\9:/XIT
3W_B'5I/!GBRXT6#1KC\Q?B=^VE_P4'T+

H_B)\#?VB?@-X*^.N@

M$/QX^+GP8_:#M)_@=^S5\=/@_P#'.P^#









M'XA:MX5O/%O@R/QOX#^

MX0^+^N^*/B1HESX7N/%EQXGM9[#7O#(_4?1/V;_@7X;^-OB;]I#0/ACX7T?X





+O#GQ`\-_LT_P#!

^*M3\/^-_&VMW
NHV\UAX

M_B]\4/V9OA#\





K_`
)W%]XK^(T7

M_M8_&SX



M1H/BG0]8N-?DUJPU+PSX4


M#P;J.J^+?$.MRZQX%AA\#:L+[PC&FBJ`?5WB;_A)?\`A'=<'@W^PQXL;2KY

M#J'Q*B_X(;?\%J?`GQI^'?A7P-\9OAEI7_!8?1_BYK7PZ\2:OXE^%'Q8^)'Q





]1?Q'IX\ZC9
MW%Q!X;FU:YL_%%BOPPU#QEXL?#UDWB73_$'AKJ_VC/V1OV9OVNM%\+^&_VF



\%ZIX9U:[FOM
M=T74]*TYK5-1L/$MY=7USXKBO6G_`.$JFU/5G\1'4VU?4C=`'QE_P4*_Y0O_

']I?_`-93\:U]N_!74]-LO@[\#+&\UQM+W6/AGX%M=)L[F[MX+K5
M+FU\#:?J%S;Z=;RR)-?3V]A:W5]/%;)+)#9VT]S(JPPR.MCQ/\OA+XT^#5_
M^SUXL\$:7XB^VJ^#X/A]JOP[U:74+WP_JG@:U@L!X1U..:\:YU#P[-IMO'


M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`









M[-?[2'P:^!5W\.+?_A9'P0\*ZCIWQX\
^(=;^%NA7UCX5T_XJ^*O$MI;WTU^



^


MN0^(W30)=)\_[?'K;KI3VXOV$!\3@_;!_9[UOXY7_PS)X*^*WP^\7?'RR^$
MFO?&6?P)I_BW3Y8=)\):/KFG^&;2X\5:OI2ZR?#QUC6KZ9;2`:=J6J+I.A^(
M=9.E/:Z;&MW_`!T?$WX,W_BW3O\`@H?X7U#]C3]O?QMX_:)U7_@B#XZ\!'Q
R?`VW\=6'[0_P`;_B_\6/`/CSPGX/\``47AWPWX
MM^(?@#Q7;0-X+\1Z);^)?B;K'B,^%HM&UG5+J^LT`/V%\#?M`Z)HOP)^WQ(
M_:7\=_L__;Q7\2/#GA+4Y-#^

*_#7@/Q9\2_A_X8\<^
M]O\`PA_@SQ%XR\.Z+XK\6;[V'35_X1KP[J6I6VL:[NU&X@L%_LNSNLWL\-J




M&.YU]H%AGU$ZY&HTSP]KFIZ3^
=]\&?B3\'?$4'CG7?V)_VO?B)^R1\+O^G
M_P#P46U6Y^O[
/A?XI_#;XH^&/A_P#M`?#?P;;_``4^/GP3^&7@/Q#\)O%7

8])L_$GB3P?HVN?:M$$NN/X5U2:

/@)\'_V3
M/VXY_P#A&_VA_AYXE^.5M\/-0^*7QQ_9\\;_`+/7@[Q1\3_B+?\`Q;TOPMXS
M


'[

M\6^&=3A\4OJ


OG:M+I3K-#


MA\=+;6_@E_P27^/'[-?Q[-[\*]4L3X(^(_W]DW0/`7P^^)/B^UANK'P[9^

M*ZGOKJZFLET:_P#Y^=&_9P_;0OOV9_V@OA-^R5\*?BWXS^!_PT^&7[`_Q)^#


\0:QX@@^SOVG?'DOQ<_9H^&_[1WP__




M_P!A_P!+\S[/^\K^=CXW_`#XY^+_`(9_MQ_L5^(/A'\6O&/[1OQM_PG/@C


MLM4\0Z-!?^



M3`#ZJ_8G_:R\-?M2_LT_LX?%+6_$7PXTGXO_`!4_95_9\_:+^)?PK\

K+-IGB73;/X


=O^Q3;^.?B



/\`PT=^SU_9OQ#U

%






M\
-#\`^%_P!GK58_$M]I.D6'B7Q%IG@3Q#XH\?U^EO\`P2_^$=O\._@E\0-5


MX1:?\;]8MEO-(^#=]\2?!MI\5=5M&TV[UI;K3?AY/K4?BZ^MFT?3[_5EGM=(




M`&OM3T[3O@AJ?A_Q

M=Z]X

`/TV_:N_X*


MX0OO%WB+7]/LH/%.B6MO?ZA;_@[\%O@)^W-X7U7_`()5_`CXA_L9_'WQ1XS_
M`&`_^@'[0'Q_:$_:7MK_X%-\
?C1X1^
&F_M$2V'[0WA+Q'J?Q7\.^(]=N

M``Z^)G[)E[^U]\!?BK\3W\#_`+0O@NP^'EC\5;GP'\
&^%OQ/\2VOQ3@\!S7

\











MY[^]D@M89)5^4?^FUM\2=`^OP!'P8_9W\1?


/


M%O8:?;2W2S7MY/#:VR2SRHC?SD_?]CGQKX3_:B^-?P_:(_8#^-7Q\\
^(?







M.GP&_9Y_9W_9L^+'[`OBKPM'^T'^U[\*_C?JFI:C\0O'O[.WQ%\13:^MK\&O

/'O@^T\&Z;XG\#WNIZ_\`$3Q%





P@\8W.KG29?#GA[0O!



MYMO460!_0CX^^/_P`!_A3K^@^%/BC\;/A'\-O%/BG[)_PC'AKQ]\2/!O@[



MHO@;Q7';E[GP;\6AJ
WQ#\)?&+3)=`?2?AYIOQ?_`*!OVR_'NK?%?_@GP?BU
M^S=\
]?^.MCXZM/V7OBMX




+?5M*7Q!X3U/5





'P^_8?_90TC5_A/\`MV?LC?M3


'Q_XI&Q:]^_BOQ3X=^(FG^&M3\.:UXS`/ZJ=:^/?P+\-ZK

MDNK9+&XT&&_ANWN(%MWD:6



]_X5_:
M/_9EUOQ;IW@CPQX

WPMO=
M
T;7?`EWXLT/Q+#I.I1MXSOO#VHMH4HB`/KG1/VG/V;/$OA'PI\0/#G[0GP.



H^&$T;0+/

]*_8O\`&7P+N/A3\7OA

%O?V3?VF/AE\$/#/P0\3Z#














6.J:AX



MJ7BGPQ:W\US;V%SXA\/V5]-JVBP7MQ9WD%I-J5I;1W





_9
_9Q^




MT`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5Y=X^^-?PI^%WB?






_B?QIK



MX\^
7[2
M_P`6_P#@D5\0?VX/^'B.J:)/^TK_`
$DOCW\?HO@QX0\(?##PUKO@O\`:7\'






M9U+PAIL/A'4NE_8Y_:4_;I\0^O^7/AOXP_MK?%#XF:]_P4J^-/QT\._$;X
M@R_K]G3P.GP@\#?LA^_P!IWQIJ/@OX31^&/AAIMGI_B7]HZ\\(_#;PYXIU

_LW?L








M:QK7B7QKXZUOQ+XV\8^(M8U.\N;_`%?Q)XM\1:WK^J74S37^I7#A2/G/]D/X
MQVOQ/\!^*?VE-:^+5]J7PE_:;^






M=O&US!\03JV@Z+X.\5Z8]+PW\;?^AEQI7[:/PL^%_CRR\7_`!!_9^_X*1?
MCPGX7_9_O_VB/A_KWQB^(7[//B7]C;P!^T+\2/V6O@M^TI\4O`.@66I?&K1M

M`?;/_!4[6OB!K7_!![]I_P`6Z]\4]

M;OX:Z==^+-6\!WZ


X\`MH_@3QCX@\

/&NAZ)J'A3X?;M


MC4;FROM\3ZYI?B/PE[5^RC^UG^U?\;+K_@@MX^\8?'OQ!%IO[9?[(GQVO?V
MC/`FC^#OAA8^&O'/Q*\_`;P[XO\-_%RUNF\$S^(=`\5#7-0U&_U;P_I^L_\





7KM?SO_LU^*?'

_CE^Q+\1HOBC\+;[QA_P`)EX=\6:QX3_9'^%GQ


M
?#'Q_9:9JVE^#]'UKQ5)IVN76EWD_AS





M5V;N;Q=KOCCP!X\\=:3X/$
GB#2?\]SK6MG!XXT.[O_EKQ#^V/^T=\&OV)




M5;7X=2W_`


?B;Q#X8V7[0'P9^&?QN_:L^



MM?B'\0_AQX9_9[TSX

M!^

/AY8Z=J]_XN
MT3P!XG\0S:3:Z!XF:5VE\

M%^C?&3QCX*F\'^

ZT'X<^(

M9/@'X(\=Z?XB^+7[/NE_#;6/C#X2L;'6=W@BR^+L?C*7X??;=;GTV'PYJ%[K
MJ?#_`
7&;2]%U?4M3T

MK;P;_P`'#_CVY^



MO[.S^A:_

M`(LT:/4M7T9]6\

HNM-


MB3\#=


MM7#1;#5/^:_P'^-7[-R?$:W^'VB?#WX?'+XK_$W]I/X1645GXN\+^#;'Q'
M;^&O$U]\



^(/C3Q/_P`%O



%K!JFOG6K^ZUA]4FF=[:SL[;2Z

OVYO@9\8=;\.CX._$'


MO&_B'QEIGB77W\&W_A0`_JO^+_[


M;Q'IEQH'B/7M%N;&;3-7UUN%^+_`.S1\'?COXM^/CCXH:'XDUSQ#^SI\3+

7AOQ-XE\.M8
M^.-(\2:5-H/B/7]&GL)--UK4[6Z_`;X@?M'_`+2OPM_:1_96M/`/[7/BSXK^



^
M'7AGPC;6+^*O@5KW[-7@+PSX7\?^&?B3X
M-%\3^*M)N8M8^+6K^(+GQ/9/9




M/V\=9_8QO/$7A'Q_\4/VKO'?P7_X*D_MJ_!/XG67A7Q!\`OA1^T;\?\`]F#X




7P6E\


/VE_CQ\2?#7[)/[:'_!)&+X8_$7Q7XE\+Z'\3(_!W
M[4_B']DW6_BUX

\:V.BV/A+X@:E


%#?AGXW_:'



MP4K^$.BZ!;Q?\%`/A_HF@_%7_@H9_P`$O?#WPJTKX;:M\
OV@/BMX$_9W_:F

L\J0PQAF(!DFFDCBB0'=)*

MM:\(^/&_B7X8_%T_P#!.'X\'P_\24^%W@[P/X-\:'P-XQ^/_BQ_![77A&UT
MVV;1_6HZCI-_JGA^QNX_PFK3K,Z?I]C8&[O-0-C9VMF;_495GU]-M`D)N
M[Z=(X4FO+DIYUU*D42R3N[K&@8*`Y1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?&6G_\`!/;]CK1/
M%5[XV\-_!32O!_BC4_V@&_:EU35?`_B?QWX(?5?CV]IJUE-\0]5M?7BG1K+

MX??LB_$S^!WQ!T+]K']H#]J']F:P\+ZAXB\!W?B7P!\5_V7]$_:KUO7-
U



M=.U2WF#M?PWETUV\LMQ+(_Y.?!+_`(+8^#_BSHW[-_Q9\4?LI?'3X(?LK?M)




?VIXNN?$=U?_P!N_#.]\`Z3+XS`

4'C?PYXN^($=M


M6Y&JPQ)*OB/P!XR^(?@L_\`3``]*^%_P#P3._8#^UY^T!??K]DOX*^!K

M\


MN?C;IUR/A)^SOHWA+P5XQ\(?M:W6H)\.X1XC\!_&*R\:V6C_``D\+V=M8ZOX

/@_;





MV_\`%7A?X?:UX+TM](\-^+=8U#6-7U[QCH
]M%;ZIH_C'Q+JWB/Q)JOBGQ;I

M\3OV7?V0?@?^TSX.\6^

MXR^%NK^)7\'KX@BT;QWH





^
'VGQ9K&






M)_QR^#W[/7P)MOVB?'G[+GP&\
?M$?M:;?_`!6M/A3;^&_WCR\\9-\/?A[

M??$WXQ7W[=_[8G[#OP;\

[VQ\6^





VEX?$WP.\+:#HWA?


M!=Y=/


NBZ
M!^Q]\`O`UK)JW@?Q!#=_#'X=Z%\*]=TSQ)\



M5AX@U2^31K7Q-\1O&UB6TO1DMM`\-6%WK7B(Z;;Z9IVH







./!-Q#JZR^


M%O=QRP1QQI]C44`?&7A[_@GA^Q'X3T;X.^'/#?[-/POT;P[^SYXXU?XE?!#P
!#XR;PAXR\$?!?P%X<\4:$
M_P`0(6M?%\EEKVF:';ZGYNL:?)-H[RS74LEGH5Q<Z#IS6FC7-Q8R?:U%`'RU
MIO[#7[$^C/\`#:31_P!CW]EK2I/@U;^(K3X0/IO[/OPFL7^%5IXOO;_4O%EM
M\-FM?


MHCQIXL-)\6W=QKMI\7?OA'X9CP[\3]%U_^QM'L_A?I&ERZ;K7[)_%K]EO]



M3\-)^QW^RPGAS6OB7!\:-9\/K^SY\)5T35OC%:AQ;?%G4]*'A$6%_P#$NW$D

O@K\


M:U*[\;^+/#.@:9KWBNYU#6?^)M?3Z]?W\MWJ?^GW#R77[VM^P^!OP3TOXFZU
M\:]







?![3/BCKGQP

MQD0Z?HU_JUQIUD54VUM$5&/2J*`.%L/A?\--+\?:W\5M
^'?@73OBCXETFWT




M?Q3L]

M?$
FH



='M#:
M


_

M\









MPI^R;\&_#'PO\)_%'_A=WA[P5X=\-+HFB:7\88VMS8_$Z&'3)[65_'.BQVEG
M:^&_$L\LNJ^&-/LK+3?#USIEA9VUM%]UT4`?+7B7]B3]DSQIHWQF\.^
?@'\


MZ7:6]AIFEZ986\=I8:=IUA:1Q6ME8V5K%%;6EI;116]M;Q1PPQI&BJ+U%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%




?#[P#
M\


?M&6.C_L

?%7PF\
W?Q.\8ZWX#T6YT32_






_%G_@FEXY_:

/BC




/%WPW^('P@^+_P0B^
?@K6;WQ`8Y=#



MWT;5M7U'4-(NWGB.OZFC%V_0B@#\K/CS_P3TS]HP_MPZ1X]^-6MZ)X6_:W


C^&(O!]AHDWZN44`?B=I/_``20\<6W
MP1^/7[/'C/\`:E\*_'+X2_M&_$']J#Q]\1O!WQW_`&6OGBO19]:_:<^(5_\

M?'2S_9L^'-A\(OAU\0K'QYXI\
7GBKX._%J^^&.FV7@GQKX[^&\VG7NN:9I^

M%!X


M_B7PU;?:-8\




M\03Z/K=WI&H77ASPEXC\26
%SH&BZCJ5N`?I%156RNEOK*TODANK=+RUM[I(



^./#/AWQKX*\1:%X
MP\&^


MVL
=]-V]`!117




MIY+S1+O5O#.M:3K^FP:C#;R7VD:C:7]L);:9)#T]`!1110`


ZGJ?PIBT





M2:)I_B7X;ZI(/&&BZ[J-KIFHZ3;/-%(X!]CT5X'^SE^TE\-?VIO@-X+_`&CO



=.T+4]%U3XE?9_$7[:FO?L`6*ZA\)/'NE36?[2O


`]$L/$7QC\*ZU9^)/#/Q<UNQTW0;:TU/XHZ!XATW3-<TCXA7D,WB[3]6TK
M2=0MM8CN]+L);<`]TG-O&AN+DPI':2Y

+^G/Q/X7\,^-O#FN^#_&?
MAW0O%WA'Q1I-_H/B;PMXGTC3]?\`#GB+0]5MI++5-%UW1-5M[O3-7TG4K.::
MTO\`3M0M;BSO+:62XADB=D/F.A?LU?LY^%_A7<?`OPS\`?@IX=^5V;<W?P
M=T+X5^!=(^%=R;.73I[0W'P]T_0;?PE,;6?1](FMS)I#&72].DBVO8VQB`/
MY_/VJ/VD?VD?V`/B_P#M]^?#O[2_P`3?C=IUM^R-^P1^TA9ZG^T1XB\'Y^

M_`SPY\./C3J_[3NM_`KP'XV\`:?JL_@3QM^TIK7@WP+J_P`54\2:K#-\1_`O


/C





K[P)XEUC]AO_@A%^VM^TM^VW^UE\8=5_:`_;G_`&$=


M6_PMT?X-_K2OAE::M:Z]:?#K3?AYX1L?`EKKEEK

MM/$-K;:[:ZC'IZWEOK-O!JD4R7T

!K&/XF167P2^$5G%\:9YKK




MF_J1T[X$?`_2-3U+6M)^#7PITO6-9\VOPOU?5M.^'?ARU/5?AI8V-CIEE\





M\MWHUS?6+-9WD^G36TMS:
UO


5G










M!M


MJ\8^+?&&K:QXEU$`_!+P[\1?%OQ*_;+\9?#'Q3_P5XMOV3_CU^R[^WCX`^&/



\&GQ





MMS_P5?\`A=JO[6/Q?^-_BGPQXF\4_&#]F+]K#7?A!^RS\
O'7[0V@ZEI6OZ9
M\0_#OP$N;CXO10^

M+?ASILRZYKGB=9K#P1X9LY5\2^)[YM3\2^(1);Z9&XUSQ#J3-J&N:L#]OU:^

G]AKV_AS7]-U+09(-$U
MK2(A+H.L:
\5AJ6FQA;:$S:+J6G
LUJ@%I/`9=.NH1BVFAWP^5(F[RV_^`O[
M./C.TTBVU/X
?!+Q78^#?$][K.@V]_\`#KP)KMIX4\9PFQM-1U72(KC1[J'0
M_$\1TC3;6]OK-;758SI=C#/*#96ZQ`'\N_Q$^+W[1G@+P=\;OVHK/]N3]IGQ
M-JG[.'_!?_PO^S;X;^&=]\2?T'P@@^!?B?XV_3X?\`CKX-?$GPSH/A#3;K



M;*V\3:CILGAEK*]\06]EJ^K6D&M7


%](TOZ%
M_8S_`&A/AE^T!^SMIOQF7_@HU\:T_:V\0?L&_%]_VV/V:;?XQZMJUW\$?V@]

M




M\8/VU[K4?V#_`-D2PU#]MWQ]X8^/]E_P0A^&O[4D&I^)?VO=:_9HT&'XV7_P





WOQ


^/^1_P
^/WQ^^-.E?
Q&YNDRF:3<`?RM_!+QI\9?VH/BO_P2

M93_:A\0/X)UGPU/'K'Q5^!NHO\9-'\?^&]-\+:EK5MX5U'5!JUYX`OO%WA:Y

M#WB2Q\

MVM[F.:ZDN[:Y#SM(P!^?7_!;/XE_$;X1?\$[?'WQ5^$WQ@\;_`CQGX6^
W['


MVG?%C]J_XU?$#QA\8-7_`&0+'X_^&_CYXF^-W@]^)W@CQ=\-_BOX=^'OB?Q
M1H'[+%MXB.C?%CP%K'P%^'GQVT_4/!^J^%-*\8^&]6MOZ)O^@/[*7B7]M7]


^%?PU^'W@E?


M/^//P#^._P`5/@[IUY^SQJ7[)_Q1^('A_P#9Y\
_$J]_:(^
#?M$Z=\/OC%I

M`*W3\+_AH;;PW9'X=^!39^#;:WLO%H?6@&V\*6=FT+6EIX;@.G^5H5M:M;
M6[6\&EI:Q0-!8D4Q(5W;WPQX;U+^V/[1\/:'?\`_16-KIGB#[;I-A=?V[I

M



GPA^'






/^NW@OP+^US\8]8\'_'5O\`@F#\5;'Q
M+\4OVC=3USXA_#6S_:9^


-U'#J&HRW.G







%K!Y]

M`-G']K#XT_ZQ\,+X3U'P)\/O`O[/?ARU^,UWX^'Q\+^!/`6N^'I/$G@:R\

M]G36]5T/4'\??#/3?VBO&_[1_PT]XD^(]IK=W'H7BVS^&OB'XAMKWP1L[Z



[RR^1;IYDCL[Y9B


M^*='TVP\.:=I/LW_``5:^(_P_P#V7/!/QD_9IT3]N[]H)?CK\#_V$/C%^TY\



M`
-_&?[+NGGPA\%/B!I?A?5_\?PNUK1O?Q!@U'^F/3OA5\+](U:'7])^&_



O@;^T_J6F?#SQ-H7@OP7\
M
%?$GP\U[2/@]\&?#?B_P'H][
MX1^%&M:;\/O!&C^)/!GA^2RUN34?#'P\U&UTBWU3P[H[Z?K'B-[W1?#<UG9-
M9:KK;3VQ@OK\R[%O\$_@S:2?$:6U^$?PQMI?C#!?6OQ;DM_`7A6&3XI6VIVM
MY9:E;_$9X])5O&\&H66H7]I?0^)CJ<=W:WUY;WR17
R.`?SB?\`!+CXK_&F


MI+_@F#\)?VFOA/\`M3?&'P]\0?'MIX8^
'Q6^

M2*KW5PEL)KAU#2N[`&N2\&_L[?L_?#GQSXH^*'P]^!?P=\?$OQPTC^-?B'X
M-^&7@KPOXY\7O,8#,_BCQ;HFB6.O^(&E-K;&1M6U[+FW@+$^3'M`/P=_P

M8^!/@W\

K/7Y?&WB?]L;X@?M

M/^#=%\

7[.'QOM/$

M;XD_#_P5XEU3PYX1T?2+#6OK+]L/XA?$+P3^WA_P23\.^&OBQXM\*^!/BU\=

M^%]%T;PWX:^)VC_!SX=Z9\0_#OAWPYX8/@KP]H.A^-++PY!XDTG1=!\&LWA+

'[.7Q5\&_L;^*_$G@&?PWX
MHUV;6_&GP1UJR^('QKUJRT'Q'8:[X3@TJUUBXT]4TWPFG]F?T1R?L&?L-3:-
M;^')?V

MB=

M4@M?V3OVI/V8OVB[K5?@%XMB^%/PN^
?B+3OV4?B#\(M%U/2M9_9O^/G[
EM
M\


GA[]F/]FSPC\2=
M?^




_M!^%OA?X%_:$_82^*OC1OBE\1/VIM1_9WE;]IS
MP0_P$T7X=?!?PW\8-#^&'Q1N;:Z\'Z-\2?$WQ/C^`YL/#]_\1;C2]&MO$'BB






L
@62-U'ZT?$+]G;]G[XMW'@R[^*WP+^#G



B^$;?P?XZ\(7+^#M?L_'?BK2+:74#X8L
MI++[6UK]G:W^%/P1^(G@7]A'PO\`L^?LJ?$3Q%;VM]X4UG3/@9H/_L[+Q39
M)I6GP:MXO^'?P_O/AX?$R_\`.:8OAZ5=9L[RPM4T]HI9[;3(M.E]`^`'PQ


MB^/EI\0?BY=Z+\?K3X$Z#^QM\*_VEO'UG\6/!GQ^(GB2&T^`'BKX?VWPDU

8W$4DL;31)





M4^
OBCXGL=

_;+^)?[1O[/'QW^

MB_\`\$[-.^).K_M.:'X;^





M6^#_`

_@O\`&/X.^*-

/QK^#G[9W@GXF_&^^U+XJ?M\^%O!7PU_







C_`(+'_M%_$/P!!INM
M_`;XK'PWXY_X)_Z1\//^@WQ.^%%KXKTKPE+^T%X0M/B3)X$T_\`9\UXOC=


MQ6M?AUI7PQ3P(]GX)G^'TOQ!\(0^*]-UO15]E\&_\$QOAG\-/VI/B!^T=\+_



W?@YEMM#TZ_U]

MC;\8?!_PKT?]G?QGX=^$_C)+D_L]_![XB_$GQ)8^*OBUXM\/Z#X1UO\`X070

M&C\':Q9:KH2ZWX?NX_%FOMX1GAM_6I^GP?\$4O@YHGPH_9N\^!?VH_VQ?A








M)^:YX:^

_B^UO]








M)KOC_5]1\87(!\N?\$`]$OO#7P

M2'YC_8&_:+^)O['-LOPN\*?LV_!_3/V
_B+_`
%LOV^?V/\`2-=\+_$FY\+_

M%.FVC36\OA-G_P`$I_AG9^#?7@L_M%?M/7-MX/_`.@&M_\%'[+6);[]GR#


MH?Q]\$VOPGTSPII^J7GP0\9?%_QIXK^`47PKUCP=\=Y-(6#5;GX0^*?'M]\(

_`/@O]
MD_PQ\-_B=\6?VC-?NU?P!\9?B;\;/%7Q8\'_``W_`&?8_&NGZ;\//!?PB75_









M&N^'=3`.6^W_!1+QA^W-\-_V?\`X=_#3X#_``FB^*_[1'[)GQ4^._QM^&?Q
MX\:WFK_[P'X4\(_$./]GC5?A]??\(OX/\1W_P`1M+^*/Q0E\7Z/H^HW.AZ;


ZEXJMM`\5W/AFPU[5X;/2KSQ!


M9T3]



-67PSHNF:M


M]L_X9:!J?['

M_!.F^

M-&`/M+]J#XY^



M(]'\&^/OAS\0/A+K46L^$-7\./KOAKQ?X

M4+Z2EY%I]]8\[^R#^Q7X#_8HL_CK'X'^)_QX^)=O\=_C+XF^/GBW_A=7C6Q^
M(%YHWCCQ9:6:^*?^$1FTOPKH&I1V&N7=BNJ75MJTGB+5WNWBT^SU&+1-/T31
MM-`/S0\`_P#!6[]JQO#/P


MV@?$W[0FC^$_AY_P4&_:K_:E\*?LS_%3X8Z)\.=L/&$_PU]\8/C%\`/%5K
M)XH^&.@?%'4OAW;Z1XJ\!_'WP]H5SK3ZAIOQMU+63KOB-K'P[#\






CX5
M?$_X5?%#X9^)_C+^T`=5^.7QM^'7[07QN^+FGZG\'K7XI?%'XC_!G4?AMJ7P


TCP=XO^
M#_B2Z_8N?P?8^!9Y_YU_P`7_$OP7J,&IZ3XJ\7:5KWB;19K#3+B_M;VRTS

M]=:XTCX/Z-I__PKZ?6=:6;6&TUO#UK!JLMMI?A73X+'1TTW-L_^9GPXTSQ




MM)K7Q/N-

MC!_^J/[=FN?K]G;Q!X*_9$_9GN?'_QO_X*-_&C_@G7;VVO?M-?$:W\$WVO



-OGCCQ-\
M/O&A\8V'A:XTB;Q9X'\%'Q%MU32_J_\`9I_8<^(WQ)\*?!N]_:%^)W[8FB^$
MOV5?VFM+^/?[(?A?XX3?L=Z+\;;/2?AA<_#]X?C);?LT_#6Z^&-WX(NH/&?


M\(;OP7^S[K?CC2K*V\/_`!2^(O@KQY\1X=%\96T^E^`'TSPOJ'C;K/AG_P`%
M0?C'\9_C;\
[#X1_L?\`CWXA_LS_`!$^//QJ^`^I?%C2O#7QQTK5/AUIOPJ\



M*\:?&I_V.X/B-X7;]FSP_P#%GX@Z_J'B[Q1XB\
:8?`8^(^B^&KKQGJ-QXVA

$?NK_
M``/L;+]K+XL_M_MG_L^:KX\$Q_&WXV_#/PF?V#?B7XF^&?QT^+%G=_+X*




M1ZEJW@GX?7.DZ?\`#3Q'\
/!7A33_`/ASPQX2\):%X3.L:%JWB'[/O\`P22\

LV0!R_P#P




MOXQ\


$YO!/P'^-WQZTG]O/7_C-;?%_]I'51\--9








M4_X*Q_LH?L8^+?`?QQU+XN_#SP]\9OA1J7[6OP0TJ3QE\/O$'C;X`_#_`.(W


?']SH_B
M?XR^(O@YX=TW]G;Q]\'1\%O@5XB\?:;HE_X*U+X^?!#_`(1;3]&\8V7@OX6^
M&_!_ACP;!XP^R/B9_P`$_/%WQ7_9^^'/PB\;?M;_`!9\8?$;P=^T;\&_VI?$


'Q7TCP[X;\

MZ=X7TL?%7_A6WC71=?\`';PJ7\3Z0/
\T`^9(/\`@L-\:=
L_P!H?QCXZ_8*

MKQG_`

M`(N\3_LV^

M^)/A3KGQ&\+_`+/VD?M8W_Q`;X\2?30?$5A\*;']G;6(/%VMZI_PHJ\\7Z=
MXM1?`-AX+UJ^N[#5+JW\1?\`@I#\5?AR_P`(?A;K/[(7B']K+XF:5^T7XHU






M;#1/I6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B

E_%I


MPS$`R3321Q1(#NDE=(T!=E!(I8IXHYH9(YH9HTEBEB=9(I8I%#QR1R(2CQNA
M#(ZDJRD



WU6TT)/B)

K



?
M#7Q?\9/BO\6/$USX/^%WPQ\'S:3I#ZWJNG:)J'B37=;\5^
_$MWI_A;P#X#\


M_P#P59^`7QY\0?#'QWXD_P5_QVTW2?@QXE_:`M]#EM/VM_V#]=D^$7@[QE
MX?\`!OB#Q;??%CQW/^V1\!-
U&VUGQ'H^DW/@[5/&&GWNCG5[+Q%JNL1:%]G



M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?QO_`!.\
M*?M`?$GQK_P5S^%?[&VF?M



MXBM-5UJ&[M;;51I%G\;^/_\`@C[X:\9?%3Q'\1M$_;)_:W^'6BZS^VMX0_;[


%/OC#X\^)?P*U/3_A%\+Y?@/\`'/\`


M&UZ;XD:1\$?$

_97\8

MC1/'_A#PG\//W_.0_K?^Q1_P`$Y1^Q!)IO@SP1^UE^TI\0?V;/``\2+\!_



M$K19T^%/Q-\#77@'5-.\+W$?AW4=`TPP0C1-3\'WEK;O#X?UWPAJ%GIFM^$K
MV&SFM]'UC2-






_`+X):=\!O@/\-?V?T\


M$/@Q^P5X





CB*[M)E6:VN8PLT$JK)$Z.`1Y;^U#^U_^


M4TRSU36=\01:;]KADYO;.RCU!HT:VNX
R!_`_%W_!/GP3XZ^
WCSX\^*OC



M@_\`!O?\4/VCO!GP


MS4OB0;;QS;@'C/P)_;[^

+;5?A_XP\
RWA8#._X(;S?&6/\`X)6?\$G(O`6G?#&Z^%D_P4U9

B`/SQ_X+V^`O/BR\_X)#:CK?P7\%?&
MG7;?_@K[^SQX1T[PSXLTCPA=-K7AKQ=\)?C[J?BCP9)J_B^QO+Q\+^)-3\'










M.Y/K^(-0?P0EOIOQ#UG7_$L'B#PJVEV_BJ235;C3KKQ!%J%YI$5GIT]O8V
MWPO=_P#!)?X.:]^S/\0_V8O'G[0_[:'Q5T;XFW'@6V\2?%?XK_'V3XA?&V'P
M;\




M?$_Q-X(30+A]2_:AC_:*\)I\0KA_
WB'P_X
MI/B!)]'^+K+Q!^T%\/?@7
M_P`%!_V-(]*?XU3_``&M/$/P\\(?$E#X7\.?'/X)?%S3O!_Q-O?@!\3M2FTO
M5-:^&6L:IJ6B^&K_`



M'P/\=_M)_L]?!OX6_`KX;_\`!







:=J-Q]CU

MX\-76N:0OB=+7Q/XG76`#\J_'OQ?_PAOQA_9!_;+N?VD_@?X!F_94^*/\`





M'X@?LGZEX;\0V'Q!\9?'?3/AW\*/BOX=UF^T#QCX4\.ZO\/GPJN_$7Q9\3

MP'^+?[.-KK_[3'BGX:?%[X;ZC\$+NW^(W[4/QI^(VM_#GX`ZO)IZ:S\!?@KK
M?C+Q9K-U\(_A/X@TK2=+\.^*_#?@D:7-XT\/Z5HVG^
=1UX:#H4NF?:$7[/7


6DZK
]R0#W:BOEGXR_$K]J

_Z
%^$_P#XG!I__P!#G0!]

MYT`??U%?`/\`PO#_`(*&?]&_?_`
3@T_\`^ASJ=OVA?VX=*M87US_@GC/K



VC3W4]I'9WEA-/
MZ_0`4444`%%%%`'\^/\`P4N\


M-&\6?A'XBWGB6S\3^+(SQZCJ_[_?'[]A/PE\?_`-HWX$?M37OQL^//PU^*




M'BS]M7]A/]MZ+X::;\
OCC^U]_P2:^-W[
_@/PWXVL;[4/AWX'_:DUC]O[X(


/A1^T+^UK\.?V/

J^$/`?BF3P]\1?M4$.A?8WB+_@D
MA\$/$Q^`VMW?Q[_;-T?XI?L^_#;4/@CX<^/7@?\`:(U?X;?''QI\[_4+;5$



M-MKFDS7

M'PMEL?`-_?R^$8+VUN/SHL_BC_P65^$END'PX_9
\5_M*^'XM6M7B\+?M6?'
M']C_`





-


MOVLOA]XI_;2T;Q3XA^
S:EX/^&'PF_9H\8_$KXT6?Q!U?2?!/A_1OB''X)N?

M?%9_$_P[U3PSXH\;VGQ#\1ZSX0U'^BGP=X%\9_\`!03XK^)OV]_CI_P3!^
/








^!GPXLTEFNE=9?U


M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH

`
end








begin 644 v334147_ex10-15x4x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****


M_:&_9*_:@_X*\?'?]FCQU\
?AMX%_9YF_P5+7OPBO?@U:^)+3XB:+?^%=%


_!7Q17X+_%?1K#Q[^T5X$^&&I?%.YUO


5D`?1?C']K_]

$Y/B[\









M`S74WE6R3-'*$_FG^!'_``4
_;I^%_PL_8J_::^.GQ\U3]IS0_C;^S9_P4Y\

MT_4?$_B+P)X@L]4L9]#^'WASQ':RZQJ'MWP(U;XQ?$+_`(*)_P#!'OX^?%3]
MI&\^.$?[0G_!

M4M9UF]AL--T?2]1UK4KF4LPM=*TFW-UJ5ZT42R3R0V=N/
F

MC\)OBO\`#WXZ?#+P)\9/A-XGLO&OPR^)OA?1_&G@3Q=IL-[;V'B/POK]G'?Z




M





MN^OPW^+W@KXK_&7P'\=]\)_$_3/A5XU^(GAK3_`!8/`GQL\.Z5XET*Q\NW






3:FEK]K-Y;W
M=O;_`(IZ]^T3_P`%!?V?/$?PX_9X_:$^/7P6U76?VL/V^OAA\#OA#\9?AKK'
M@WXE_%KX`?!/QS\'OB-\5]6T/XHM=_LU_L]_!*7XJ^+=6^%-QX
_9ZU.^^!^



M/#OA'0+&YU;1[RZ.G13S3%@#]._A)\??A)\=;SXMV'PI\71^++KX%_%S7/@3


M\??M?_%32_AQH?[

M#P'XS^%OB630?&GQ0^)?B+X`:?H-_P#`V#3=)T@I\4_$OAV7QB`?O517\GEU

M$/BII?Q.;P-\(OVK_CA^SEX[^''B'5?&W[*6FV'PQ^)6K?$=/V;K?P=K.G6/

M\+^-/AZ/'7Q7\4_#'P]\-=M_%7A;65N](\0^)T\-6H\;)X8FB^0M9^*/[2O
M_#2W[)7_``3Z^(W[4T]]JGQ(^'7[;?Q!\=_M-_`_PE\._AUXZ\9ZE\/$7PL
MT?X0?#0Z?KNC?$/P+X?^)7AKPC\8(?B1\:-)\(^&=(@UG7_!GA2XM]`T?X4^
M(?&'@37@#]L**_F@^!'Q^_;=_:B\2?L)_#?QO^UOXZ^&W_6^-/^H_[.7QK


M?^U3I_[5?Q\_9H^&'[-'Q5^

M%V@DA.IZ'J5I9WUGJ
-M=)!=K!+:ZA92



M%WX+_M


6DT5P_YC?MU


7W@76M'\8-J7BO6M7O\`0+_PO^J/_!37]JKXG_LQ_LN?##Q=




.K6/A;Q+^TQXSN!XOU2:]^(VKZ6&T^'Q
M=HLYTB^T'F?'OQ
_X*B:M\3_`-J']F;X%_MO?`9/C!^QA\-/V?=8F\??M&2?

M6?!7BO4KB[D\0ZMI^IZ*`?T?T5\'?MK_`!:\=_#_`.#WP8D\(_%RQ^%'CWXI

TV;X=R_$3QCHGAG69
MM%\8?$W0)?!GAKP#I/B_QAXD3P[;Z4WB/0/S7\!?MK_M6:A\*_V8/?C[XG:
MQX9D^(?_``5'_:]_8Q^,?[0]MX=^/BGXM^#_AI\)KS]J'5_@U;MHGA?P'-\


M^R/X7\5Z'\=O@%JGANS'Q%\*?%+]ICXI:?XPLK3QG?W%C8VUYH`\-_._[(W[



9L^%?


L!(
MR1F-9'5
[F2-I8E=@%,D88@NN?(-0_:!^^E_'3PY^S/?\`Q%\.VWQY\6_#
M[Q!\5?#OPP:XF;Q-J7P]\+:OI6A:[XI2&.![6WL+/5=:T^T1+NZM[N]+74VG

/CQJW

M?%K0/AIX`^*OB+2=/MOB#^S^_P!@T7PS\4;'6O`B37VJG23J=]KOASQ#O\/P






MC\'VVAC7X-;\O_9&_:6_X*%W5I^Q)\=_C3^UO9?%GP#^T%_P4G_:_P#V+?$7

?!W@:W\4Z?\1_!GBW]FC2OL
5CK
/-9_:?_X)07?A7X[?%/X6:/?_`+:GQ*\*^(OW@2T^%L^




M`@OM$TOQ+::E\0/(




M:UX/^(W[:?[8UAXU3PGKWA[PKX.U+PWJ_BSQ'HUMXRU[5=8/BY[349KK1O`\

M0_%_P]\
R?#_`.#_`
*M-\1?&O\`9&^*_P`+
M=$L?#/QO_9!\8RQV7AKPI?ZMXB\:_$'P5K/AV&T\=:U%J'B6T6[\I_:O_;H_
M:^&/[6&G:1\)_B;#XS^'7AW]OO_`()^?LD^/O`GA7P9\-[KX6?#SPG^U)K?
MPZ\






8/VH/C



-=


M*OAB\7XCF]UOXC?V?\!]0T1+'6)H?AI!#KGAHZKX!\27OASQ#J_CH`_J/HK\


M'[






ZK\






M--(\-WUMI'C?5_&/PVOOB]\//`/BGXC_``3_`.$V\





/ACM1_`GB_PU?:/XF\

_9\T;P]\)_B%



LEM]%OO!'B+QMYI^T=XU\4?&O]O;X'_L%:7\0/B%\-
M/AI_PS-\6?VN/CYJ/PK\::S\
_'_`
0=&T#XC?#SX-_?X5Z3\2O%QH_P`2

YI?`GA7PVWB;3_#OB'7-+\0`'TGXY_8


'=7TV^O[ZXN?@/]H'_@JQ\<]-\%V]G\


M``50NX?BG^UA\-'_`&#_`-M36[?]C!?$-I\9/&?P_P##/PB^(ND7_B/3_@KX
M5^.G@_PK\











MQL8(X-3T^WTW3+M)=.TC2K6S^8?C5_P53^&OP/\`%^F6?BCX/_%6+X8WGQ;_

M_#Z627P+&VKM#;^'8;:STZ&T`/Z$_P!GS]C3]D[]DVY\=WG[
G[.7P:^`=Q\


MCQ'XM\%?\$?_`-M/QWX!\
OAGX_\9?#?Q5H^JP?$

9DO?#^JVEJ`?9



/VK_B3X=^#OP]


M/B2YO[JX\0:/;RVVGZU.Z2ZG;W4D%NT7YV:#_P`%'/`?[/?P
T_XG?#']EG]
MK/XG3_'S_@K#\8OV1?$/PQ\1?%KP#XF^(WA+X\^)/V@?'/PZ\6OH=S\1OB_=

WM[.2R9=-T\6O&_!S_@G!^P7^S]\,OBO\&?@[^R1\!_`
MOPN^.R74'QG\%:;\/=NM&^*6GW!U?RM$\=IJMMJ$_B;PYI




7Q9O9?@3%X4\%^-/B=JWP4\
?#CQ\FF6OQGO?%GBCP5XP\3?



M^(QXO\=Q_#CPAH_A=O%_B86J62ZUXBFTVVAGU:^2!7V2WDDOES75_=(%NM1O

MHEM+
OC77]

M






_'GX175KH5]\!?BO\2X[O5_'

M]U!?$NMB^I_LL_M-3?M





^.H-5\):U=:C;W?A8Z=HEUJLH!]#^._
MV+?V4_B;XP\4^/\`QY\!OAUXE\8^-_@S'^SQXMUZ_P!$1;SQ!\$8M4NM83X:




^7T7PGXA\:3V]SXOU
M#181I(DLSXIELM+_`.$@M4E^Q:Q%HGA^_MIX/#VB1V'I'[4G[6.D?LL:Y^S
M-9^*/!.L:[X9_:._:
\$?LU?\)Q9ZQH^EZ!\
_&'Q'MM4?P/J?C+^TI%NFT?




M`








MGS]DO3?$=]X\\-6'C#4_BK^T9X6\

`^[?CI^SM\_P!IOP=8_#_]
MH+X4^?B]X

M2;_4X+?2)_`/B[P5XMLM41-:TFQU;PWX7UK2_K_X=_M;7_[1OB#POX?TC]GK

M)T_`7]H+X-^






MPCX2^#^IW'A+QS?Z1\



MZG\2_P!H32Y/'G@PZ]X?\(:+X-=M

\3Z1\2/BOX
M-\!:%X4\?^*[/QLT


45NGY
_$O]L?Q7^Q5_





MA'6M-^'&FPV5AIJZ'X+M;C2S%X=\-R6&DZ/:7/AG2UMM`O(-%T6.[TV9='TT

M]W'HET^FMK&KVFF:Q=:7-KNF:3JVIZ)8:G;Z/J%W8S?E1??\%NO#]MX;U!O#



_P`0+/XM:#J'A;_@

M:\1_#W0=&U.+P]H?A7Q!IUCH^E:/:H--MO5[3_@HWHOQ!^-_Q)_9^^'O[/\`
M\6/BI_P@7Q'^
'P1\?W_`


M['FK?M$VG[7%_P#LS_!:;]IZQMA;VOQZ3X?^'K;XJ1LN@W/A6._/C*ULH=9D

M(TKX;_%S5/CYX#TRQGUV'3_GQMUP7BZS\6-$LUU?[-9?$#5%U/6!?\`BJ.,
M:Q=#7_$8FNW'B+7/M_QC^S3^WK\)=#_9/_X)ZZ-\$_A;^T?\6-;_`&G?V:/$
MOQ0^`_PP\3^,/#_C/XQ3_?X%^%/!.I^.-1^)7Q1^(GC?3]*U?Q9I]KXZ\#^
M&-'6?Q'J5]XK\:^+/#^FF72O#BZ_XI\-Q3_\%@_#?BBP_8ZN/@/^QO\`M7?'
MN_\`VZ_@%\4?V@_V?]*\
W/[-WA&?4/#'PFB\%7?BG2O&-U\0/V@O#ECX
U.


M^L[B2?2]9T'7=9T+6;'4-(U2^LI_#?\`AW5^R%_8^H:$?AMXD?3M6_:'TK]K
M+41)\:?CK)?7?[1^ARV]QI/Q@FU:3XEMJQ\86-Y9:=J
5X+T0'5-(T35'MGU

MUXZ\/?#KX7WNC^'/%7A;5X/&WC+3=
U;XO7_`


M7.HV?B'QSIV@VGB[6K36_$5KJ.M7







\$VGC3Q;X6\0_&[7?#.
MN:;!XC^



/B)\8/V6?AAX[\:^//$7@OQEXI\1:M9:G'?

+K[7_`(_'[QCXU\!?MD_#/\`
M8<\4?#[X$7_P!^,VH-\8/C;X9T/Q?\&=1\*ZWIOQOT'1?&'A'X@Z5XBL-*M_
M[)G_`.$W\-^-;+Q!X.\6^-#U/1G:X`/K&W_`.8/[$=IX:U?P?;?77X/#N
MO?'?0?VGM:L(OC;\?4;4_P!H3PO'I4?A[XP7MZ/BC_:$_CO1SX?\.3V&N/=F



&A?\%?BY\8_''[9'PR\;?L1?MC_!#X:_#/]B7X9?&RR2/
M7_V?/G[3^G+\4KW]KSPWKUYIFG:#^T-J-EX9\4ZV/@





M\

M:S\





MM$
V#2374/@WXT:C\0/#O]HW-YJCZ<^I7EU=35OB

:#'\9_A?;


\:WGB&P



MC9='\

T

16RZ#\7_`!3\`++QE;_`GQ'\5--O-.T;78?B

GBKPGX;UC2OB+Q%_P`%;KCX2ZS_`

M^-ND?!;_`()N^+/&BW'B?P!:_OQEXH\=Z/K7PG^'7Q+N=5CT*+XU17D$^N






M/B%^R;X
^
WA3Q]\7?!GQ?F^*_[3G[0?[2UGJ7A#X0:W\(8_#6H_M&?%+Q-\
M7?%OA.YL-:^
OQB;7K+1?%'BO4K/P[JL5]H4\6@PV-GJ=GJ6HQ3ZM=?G#\+_





O

M23Q#?:AI^D:/=^*?_!





/P4^+
WA34_&GPC^*7A[PYXS^'GBG[#


MB\O;:&4`^=OV@/V


M5?B-XAN]9T_Q#JVC:+X7\.06_AV?0/NSQ#^US^RAX2\8V?P[\5_M._L\^&?B

;[XG:W!;W.C?#FS\





GC#P)_P4S\*ZQ^UW8:%XA_X*&:M

M'Q6=-U31KWQ/X3L9=


METF\(:I\/YS--KVOW%C`?E5\1/^+7QL^)VM^-?B3K_`.W'X7\._%^#QU^Q



:_K7Q5UP:A\06NM6UFPM_#E[!X3TS[?TO]K+]


M]\'Y_%D_@*#XKV?QL^&MS\-9O'5M--;W/@N+QU#XF?PO)XLMY[:X@G\.)JAU




M_6;76OB%9?$?U/XU?\$KOCA\7/#7_!1;PU%^UO\`#/1(OV_?BG^SS\29-2U+



2P'B<W:KJM?$

M_B5XP^

Y(?#O@;Q!+XL\+1Z)XMUA[/0-5D\2Z`EAJ

M\/-+^$^I^




^!_%?A_P%XQU%_&^A6TGA?QY



M^O!NN_&+X#Z5^S3\6O@7\0/!ND_%[0;OQY\+?'OP=\+^%-*F\0:#K_@#XBZ
M1XQT^_\`'D_B#Q#-JZ#:_LG\//B/X`^+G@W1/B)\+O&GACXA^`_$D=W-X?\
M8^#=;T_Q'X:UJ.PU[TF^?3-9TJXNK]6SU2POM.NC!._P!GOK.YM9=DT$B+



M?&#0?A+!X=N/VC?%$*^$K3Q9X\.6#:^=3.OW/A:YTZ[\_6[N7Q)6WXT_X)

M`&MOV*])^'47[4OC;X#?#+Q_X
^+NEZ1X



WQ-\-:1XW^!_Q1\+






M44?@CXP02^&X#\+O$$
&]/UG5_$



DE
MTJYNX+:ZEA[GX=?MD_LF?%_XA:G\*/A1^TG\$/B7\1]'\%6_Q(U+P=X#^)GA



_C3_



T2S^'&






M26VA7`!ZS^US^S/X



/`?A7

E\2Q6_B*[2/VK]JOX

M_@FKX6_X)V#]JGPO=6GA/]I&T^/-A\7K7]G34+&\N-(TC]K1_P!M70O!-YX(

M^


M`/&GPGHLC^*]:U/^W?BGJ4GQ;U^VGLM#31K._L-$@&EZ#NL-0O[L`YGQ'_P3

;C1_P!G*X32-)TWX6V_QZM[










M(\8_&;XC?L^?LIZ[\%?!EWX8^%'BGXR7/Q%U^Y\+^.?B7IOB'2/B=\8_@KX*
M\;_$K5O%?@OX;MKOP_UO3Y-)\-:;=_$*]@T.RFC\^^&W_!))_!.A_L(^!O$/



_!7BKP;


QMX?LKQ%
M^U[X`\4ZS^QGJOP+_:1_9)U;X??M+_$;Q5IFF'Q5XVEUCQ5\=?!GA7P9XLDU


_V#OVH/VZ_&_[07[-UE\(]+^#O[/NG:-\&/!WPB^(W




OBW_`(*:ZW;?


_9RT#7$\9?%WX??#3P?\)O&/Q@_

M_CS\1O#&@_M`:M^VAHGPP^`.C_!CXH:=X:\
_%&#QC?V7PF^*'PKUOP/\-[W







=*\/-\./'/A#QSHOA_P`1^`-1U+1M




M`
%(_@5XUUS]GWSO!GP^^*.O_!VP_9\\9_3Q]X2T?XKZ??_`!^$?C;X
Z3




MIH'Q_P#@]K'PL^)XN+3X5_$/3?'&B:WX0^(.L0V^LS2Z9X2O]$O;R3Q3?Z8O
MAWQ#/KVD^'UOM6T6T\-^)I]3M;-/#^KO9?'[)7_``4^*_[1/\`P38^&7[5


WPE\=:M\)?$WQ*^VZ;K'QITKX4_%*XL;S5)O#NHZ[H7

M5/!7PJ^+O@3Q]XFT_P`*^&_$MCX-USQ-=Z/X7US5+Z#P_IOBO4].\/7&LR0K

BD`_*7X0?\`!&CX^_LY^#OV0]4_9_\`V^='^'O[1O[+_P`*



MO2/!GQ?T6W^*'B72=7\/R:1J_P`)-1T.]T^WT7P-X9A\
:?IU_)^VU_P5M^'
M/PU^#G_!233/V2?B'\(?&_[6'_!/#X/Z=\3_`!IX+^(EK=^)O`\NIF74K[Q!

U;4=0UEM:\-V'Z#









V7]F+XG_#SXU:/X0\

M\):7=7L/ASXB^



M`%3N_\`@LCI_B_4?^0?[:'@[4HE\9?%/QC^R_XL\$VNE_#SPGX@8^./B5K


M'G@!_#T?CSQY:_'KX5W'@SP3)XM

M&8::+DQ/M`/SS_:$_X)Y_&O]M7X1?$SQ7XK_:4^&NA_&_XH?`_X!?[X=^.


MU_\`;E_8/_;FU+PSHW[*?B_X7^$-*\5?L/\`P[\+?#SP]\

M!ZGH&G*U_K5AXJN=*NM*L@;J^B@@!DK







M_$?0]4N=)L]



\0:K


_A

[WX
M^^/@S%J&J3^'_`?BKX7P6L/PQ\?^.O!.A7VG^$_WQ43QUX4\/26?A_2]7\

_B%\9/@)\'+




MZ7KEUX=T#6?#]Q=6T&MZ9JVHVE[I4US!%?P0/-&K`'Y%?''_`()H_M:_&71/


_CW]IGX






M`BBB@`HHHH`*BGF2V@FN)%E:.*29U@@GNIV2)&=EAM;6.:YN92JD1P6\4L

M6A66HZWK6H211
MEI.CZ??ZKJ-R8[/3[*ZNYH8'`/Y.OV9/V2OVG?@%\*?`W

&\0:3;?&W]EC]JKXR^*I+[XB?

_BBSLM(
M];^.G[
VJ_&K]L7]M*R_:
_8'_:S_:K_`&:?V\-_9&\8?`K6?AQ\;_B;^S_
M`.O5_\%/!WA#PW=_!;]K'PEIWQO^VL_#BQ^&_QE\


?Q`^#_P`4
M-)GUSP+XQAT7Q'X=CUW2[;4[[1Y[D:)XNT?0/$FG&+4M
OK5[?5]'L+H/;L_
MD^4T;OU'PO\`B;X2^
7@70_B/X&?Q')X6\1_VG_9;^+/`_CCX;^(#_9&L:AH
VT[P4/@UHC_&/QSJ7A:/Q3IWBS68?B)=Z%X*T;Q#XD^)
MRZ=?=SXK_85^*&M?LG?\%*;SX._LBW<?QIUO_@JU??M-:#X#U#PX?@3XT_:C
M_9<\,_M#_LZ?&+6?AWX&^+:1^'-:\-:-\6M(^MQ+I]CIWB+0M4C\1^'=;5
MK#1M1U32-0F_HG^W[
7P5_9JU?XV^+?A5HGC32M5^/GCY_B_P#%^?7_`(I_









)?CAK_`
$OC%\;-0\:?#[X?^#_``=^SEXD3PO^T-K7

4/
MA5?EOXWW/@2/_@LE^TKIGC7]F[Q=^T.OB[_@C/\``?P-::-X2\`Z5XPDU2R\



M`?&O_!-O]B7]I+X)?M+WVJ:/+J6E^*Y;W]CJ3]E'3O@W\/5\/0WZ_';2?C?\

;7X`MX8TW

_:)EL-2TIM1FN+CQ?JE_#?/#\6+[\3=3^S1\%OB]X
M(T+_`((%:+K/[.OQGT6X_9G^,_[7TOQ@NKOX5W=I!\%/?CKX%_M
?!OP)%X



TGPG





MAMJ4%_!H?QJTGXH_$ZU\.?&+PGXD\-7^H?#[3_#/PJT*X\8W'A3QWKV@^'K'

?A?XM^%Q^$GQ0^'?[+?P%^&WQ;\*76BZ%

MUTH_(;Q-^S)\??%/P(^.OA/5?V6OBC.GBW_@OQ\


M-E=QQW$

MQ-\*?!G_``5[^`/[8LOP9\+OX'T+7/VC/@IHG[$UC^S;X_\`B#\-[#Q/XTCL

M:\#2^/7TRR\0Z1!INMVOA2WTGM?!?P-_:K/P\_;4


MA_%&@7%LOKG[0WP)^-VJ?%O]D#]K3P7_`
$X?C!:?`1/_[9WPV^.G[%GP'^
M,/PR_9__`&F?``_:8\:_OQ]%^T+JJ_!G]H_X6_![QWXU^*WB3X4WB_&'P'%





MMXY.I:EXATCZA_:W_93^
_Q8^-/[;




7P/M_V%Q^RO\2?BU\.



M:18&XAU-KJ/\V?\`@H-^RA\;?C%\/O\`@O!HWP^_9G\;^.O&W[6'PY_9&\*?
MLZZDNE:):P?%74?AUXT?2KQ-#U#5O%GAY_##?3QU!?^([B_P#&\GA2RFN8
M[/5?#$?CD0KIDG]+]%`'X(_`[P5\?/AM^U+^T[\+OC!^P=XP_:;\`?M)_M\_

M4O&$W@K_`(+[?`G]N#1O`SZ;I_@?Q;\6/V;?7P`_9V^#/BWQ?\`:3XCZCX

M[OG[2&N?MA7O[%WQ]G^%GP]_P"N7Q'_:]UG]G2V\5_LY:S\3?BE\)/C3_P
M36\)?L@Z#\2?FA:'\9=?\.:OX\_9X\;Z)JFOW?@V3Q992ZYIWCB9?!FJZSK
M6@:DVD9'C#]F_P#;1OO'=M^U%X?_`&'_`-H./PAX'_X*L?M&?'SQ-^S#X;^/


M`!4^`G_!/GPIX&^







M1?A_XH_%'X-_`7X[_#/_`()U?%/X
7_A_P#X*H?L^_M4_$7X*:;HG[/VG_M'

I/`'A+P
MKKOBN]T.WAO-#\
?O110!^;O_!36/XQK\

VWP+^(.L^(/`GQ`\0Z3XRN

M/BW^S?\`'J\_9/\`C3XK^$/P\_:L_PMNE:]^SUX'F^%]AXU^'WA/\`;6^/





M^



\%Z3XFBUSPYJ
M?CJ:+4+.X\.R^&?!7@WQ'KWYI?&3]C#]HKXD?LT?\%OO#GP]_9NN[7XR_'G]

M`
$]OVY/A7^T+^TGH7[)'A#QE!^T1\2/B)\8OC1\8]7^$WQ/\/\`BFT\/:9X
M4\2?'GXY0:3X5^#'@]_$43?$+4[_`


MA\5:3KMWXFGDUK3EO9X?(_C_`/LN1_M*?L!_M/:MH7_!
/\`;+^%7[2'B_\`
M9I^`'[.OBWPE\:?C/\2OC+K7B31_!/Q^\
?$`_!+X`:%KGQ[^*^FW?P\\!1?



MQGX/L/C?I/P6\8^;F'P9XH\0GP5H]NOC+XB6?@2Z^*GC#1;'[__`.
?PX\
M:_!/_@GCX!^'_P`1O@OXV^`.M^'?B]^V%XBMOA/XQTVQ7Q)X7\%_$+]KSXZ_


MK_5_#VO:3X%T?Q?_`$844`?@'_P4!^#WQAC_`&H/%OQH_9D\'_%K6OBEXCT'




M?X-^.?\`@K7_`


'[87QX^!W_``1L37/VS/B[



GQ$C\&^&_#&
MI^(+_P'^F:G&MYX6U7QMI^-_\`!)[QQ\5O!WPA_P1O@'0?C]X@\5^`_B


^#FM_L7_`+*U




M#0]:TCPA#X7U]\'Z/X%TZ&6:\OO?_\`@F]\9/VT/VD9/V+_`(W^*_BA\2O$
M'@KXF_`_]H_Q5^V1I%WX&^'EE\]
^







M$7]
'Q5_9Y^`/QVN_!=_\;_@;\'OC)??#;6I?$?PZO?BK\
_!?Q#N_`/B&;[

=/L/-U30WL+Z3[%:;YS]FAV?`$_\`P2P^`\W[6G@K


MGD6K?'_]L?XY_LL?MA?M+^


W$FE::\N]K&U
3_$G



:;
MIWASPSJ`Q=Z#H-A9:/I4UII]K!;Q@'XB?$2P_:K3]EW]L?Q)\%/V@_VG?BE\




MGJ






^.WQJL_CG\2OB!K=SHGA?


M\/SZ=X@M]






M%`B7



M)O$R6C6

M^&FAV/P_TO1/AYX&T?3/A-`+7X5Z=I?A+0-/L?AI:CP]=^$1;?#^TM-/AM_!


M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%5[N:2VM;FXAM+B_F@MYIHK&T:U2Z


M1M=\`:WI_P`?HSJ'@FV\)^'?$-O?^$IKF+XC2VWB**P\/?G7^T=_P3G^/?[2
MW[%'[5_C/4==^.G@7]M3XU^-];_:;^'7P;L?B-\'CX+\$?'_`.#GB_PSK/[&


MTWW[*VJZ+X&T$V_QA&N^+M
UK5/V?/&BZ'XET30KC1;73/%/P_F\4W?AN\N_

M
7Q%\6^$]-^#?@V+1-6\




M]H[7OQA^R)_P5!^'WBGXF_'W]GO]IWXZ_!RR^/WA7]NO]H3]F[X2^#/!WAW7


Z]_
MPK[0M2GTG4-
L/S3\1^)H8_VI_V]/&5[\'/'7Q3_`&2OAA_P4U^#'[26O:/\
M%_V@OV8HK^;]I?\`9G^#?P1T26YUGP5\5_B!X#^.0\4WOQ0\`^'M6L_@7H^B






M^);**YT?P%;RV%_XWO/#UAJFF75WUGQ(_;\_9'^%&C:+XG\7?%ZWF\'ZU\-?
M'QH/COP5X-^(?Q0^'WASX,_$;4H?`_QB^('Q`^&7A+Q?X
^&7PF\6G1-=F





)_P!H'X1_LX6'
M@C6/@_'X)ET22PO+'5/B1JD/Q:^#'Q<U;5[Z6Z/[.?QA\<^'O#YTGQDO@[Q3
MX7\!N/\`@E#^V5X8_8__`&:-#U6V^#'[67QI_8H_;(C\5^?@W\=K[3(_AS^


M8\/^(M5U72-,T'3M4U'Q#H%KJ?M?A;]NO\`9?\`&OQ)\#??POX^U[5O&'Q
M(U9/#G@V2+X3?&.#P;J?BU_@G_PT:?`]S\3;OP!;_#31/'\'P2#?$.\\`Z]X





ML5_&;7_#FO:WXG^&TNJ?&#Q-\=/V2?$7[.O@?P1\.TTKQ1J%UH/AGQ=8^.;W
MXE_$+7?B


M^PI_P1D^`MG\++6]^(?[%OQ-_83U[X_:?:^./`UKI6C:#^R[\.&\!?$/4_#6




M?W[




_%WBMK;PZLGB


M!.3_`()]^*?&W[




'BKX
M*^-O[%__``4F^(/QWTKXEZ]\*/A3\69O@_\`\%4_#7[4?PLU]OVG-9^'?A*#

8+#Q7XDU&QM;;0_$W

MP_\`%YM











M$N?B]\

ZMXB%AI?AFYU%-9T`Z

M\



?C7X\^+'[#?B3
M7=)^$GCWP=%JOQ`L?V9/VD?AI^T5XSU+QU\3O`7P

MO-

MS_\`!27X4_M9_';Q3KG[.OPP^)_[&+?L\_$KP_\`L_\`B7Q#\)/@_P##W]J'

T3P9XU^-?BRWDU6)7GM=6;3
M;+5[BQ]M_:A_8:^/&N?MV:S^UA\+OV=?V


MJ5Y;W?B?6])\


MA:CHWBOQ+JWPX^%?BKX??';]C'P5\1]2EM=5UGP=XC\)?M!2#XA^&0]WI-UX

MA\`_B1\


M_P,?BG\-O'FA^&[KQUH6C3:AI/A/7_&;6T'@C2-0\16WY:ZCX^
O[7_P`'


M+G6;H^K_`/!77]B?]N3]MC0OVIOA7\-OAM\
_B'\


M5XC^%WAWXW:[#^S)^TEJOPU^$4?QEB1OAWXJ^(?Q9TOX4W7PS\
^`O$
\]E8
M6GCJ^\5)X8EU^AM(=2FE@OQ9]-'_P`%%OA3I'Q#_;&\+_$3PG\2OASX0_8Y
M\1?#CP;XH\?ZQX&\2ZOI_CCQ9\2M'\:CX7T'P!H_AG3=9\0^+-?\9ZG\4/`

WOPY\:Q_&.+XQ?$/X=6OQ@

_





MGQ+X

MO%


MO7/_``JL?H=^PM\'/BS\&M
_:@MOBSX=T#0+GXI?MF?M!?'7P0OAWQ5'XK@N


M3G[7G[$__!0[XX?':^\6V_PE^#WQ0TCX6?\`!2G]D']J_P`WC+Q5^U5XQ^'
M.@:+^SY\#_$OPP\4:I\.O_P
\/_``JUWPAI?Q=GUGP_XUA^(OQ;\:?VKXF\


MV=9?M/\`[


?B3PAI
D7A3Q^OB[PL;/QO


M^'.N^
M;L)/%_P`?HOV5/#?CQO`_C&?X3:M^TI-IUYJ$?P3M_B=:Z+/X07QL
M;C3M1\

D^IQ:+'\0M-U'X7R:POQ(L+SPI#^7_QI_8-_;#\;_`;_`(*4_#?P

G_``3[_:1_9\_:.^(^
MBWW[
'_!/_XG?!OQ;^V-X_\`VK_`O[:7CZV2[_:T^'OA'XI_%Z\^.GB;X7:[
M\/4^#VIW'CKXN^'?$VMZ[X'^'?Q@B_:%\.Z1X.T4^'_'K:9XBG\-6?PON@#U




5MJWQ%T/6O'-[8:MX]\


M7QR\;?L[?M+_`+-OQ_2Q\%6'P.^)'P#^)G@G2-3N[72)K2Z^)=E\4]$N7AAU
M5(/`TTUCXDTO3]5\
:P`?+WBS_@JGX;^!/[;OQ?O_B[\7/'WBW]B[Q%_P3L_

9_A7\.?%OQ



M?$'AKP?HOQ#\4Z)K-MH4^IZDDR:/I.I^



MM1?]F7XA?'/6M'O+34M#O(O&T6NZOX5M-%N+WQH^N+8V3_:=
L+2198;G]2_

M$.?X/Z`T6H^/]/\`!TWE^(-5T%KO3M
ETS3[N?7-6TC1+?4=3M/RT^
?[*'[





M'=S:ZA_P1W\1?L1
M]\1-'FU'2?C_J_B*W\7)IB)J'@W4K+4?@W?W%I:Z9K/
MC&X@;5WO+'3[B;X4:QIX8VOR_:?\$_/VY_AI\*_@3X;\(?#'X3_$+Q#9?\$
MIO\`@EM\0]-N/C0/!^G^#/C)X.TG0--\._$2UUV[\$:O)XD^&7B^.VUIXAIV
MAKXJTF=-*CU31+:&YO)[











M=&NO&GA2VU/Y#_X)6?\`!3CP3^U)\%_V?/`/QE^+
7B/]KWX@Z#\;KW57M/A



_'^I:UX

MZ_X9



WCN3XC27[^&?#EHGC



M^-O#_BO5]/\`%_@.ZL])EB\?^VU[\9?VL_^D?QPUCQ'^W1KOP;_:DTG]B#

MA5IGCCX6^(_`_P#P@WBS7O&6L?35?`5YJW[/T_P[^)EMH$-U/:66H^//ME
M9V5[!A?'#]D7]L7XT?`W_@N_\/;7X$:OHOBK]OCQOI*?LXS^*/B+\%(](UCP







M7Q`\?SZ7X0T)95AU;Q.'M[F9?SV_81_8/^.W['W[0'[*EAK^D6WC;X8?`K_@
ME#\

MG)K:3+86%QX?^RK-JZP_\%0/V;OVQ_VBO'?Q:\!?#;X
V'Q2_9\^*_[`'Q4^
M#&A7'A;X]:9^SMKEC^T?XNN/B#IK6W[0OB'2O[&^*?Q$^`LO@W6_#%OX*^'7





M)_X*$?#7]F/_`(*`?LQ^&/@)X*^




M@_X*_M`_%;P9X8\;:JL_QD3X
MX`FTWP+XK_`.$UA^).KZ1XN\)Z7HVEW\=W


MXJ\
^9%X@L/R[UO]A_\`;2T7X7V?PWM4_:5_:4^'?A/_`(*&?\$\_P!H+X:)
M^U;\8OV?_B)^U#H_PI_9^^
?@/XO_M#6OCCXL+X[TG0O&GABYN]!U6+X+^%]


?[:OQ9_:3^



M^(7_``4O^'?[0/B'^QOBY\'?AS\9O''P&TS_`()P_!7]E.\U#X'?$:\\3:KJ
M7P7U^R^






M6XC^3OV:/VQ?#?[5OPM^`7QF^%_PB^-

MUJOAR2T^*^G6WQ-U+4;6\\6Z]HNH:7X3A\`6OQ!#3PF7Q*_AFTW7*_SA_L9?



UJJB`F
^\U_(#_P3_P#^%:?#S5?^


'PG^`W_!4+]G75?VB/B8/AE\$/CQ_P



$M5^(T.DIXPU#PS#-I6ERQ:#=Z
MS-I4<NFV$B6BO9VYC]0K^1[X#:AJL_PW\-_+_@L5\3O&/@+5=0_X)<_`_4O
MV3?B;\6/%GBSP#\27^)=O\2OVDHOBYXX\&W!\3^'-:M_V[-'\7_`.QL-5\/
M:?J?_#0=A!Y6@P36UQXL^)MKK?D/CKX9:E\6OA-^U5XK_;S^(_QCT3]K3P)_
MP0!_8_\`BCK'AT^.GQC\`3Z/^V/I\'[9]]JGC&Y^%G@+QKH_@U_V@?!&K:'



7AR\^#/B32/$+^*-*\-7;:N632]/OM(





M6-[;SVMS!(\
\3QNRG`^&WPQ^&WP:\$:!\
_A!\/?`_PI^&_A2WN;3PO\/\`

Z#X
M'@@^




M1S/:6KRIJ.H7*R-;6[.88ROI5?QX+\.K7XL^+_^:_PD_:.^+?QKU7]G?Q3



/AKPM\2]=^!WP*_:-_X)`^_$'Q!^''[-G[27B+

?'.A^$]&^+7CKX9:A:Z#X7^
M)?Q0^'OAJ+4-3@A738K710#^K^BOXB/V:OBG^R7\3?A)J7CGPE\1_A[\%OBL




/%7B35-*^

M']I5?-_[3?[26A_LP^&OA9XH\0^$?$_BZP^*/[2'[._[-MN/#$V@Q-X9US]H


M6_A[XETOPYIG[7_PH\3^-M=\

M@O2O#6I^
[+5-)7P_+JEF`?KO7#^

^




MH_G5/%O[+WPJ^+G@6?Q%H_Q1\+_`+4VD^&_$_BK]G_XP?M8??P[XQ_X0SP

M=%\

MFSXX?&O75_:P\%/\9-+_`&GML](3X9^*]8\,_M'PQX=^#4O@GQG=Z7FL^
M%?`QU'P%XQN+G2/'440!_6U^R3\2O!G[0/[._P`%/VJ_7P^TWX=R?M7_!CX

S6GPJ\)




MQ]\*?#7[.G_!5_P3\3K'Q.OQ`F\







MO^/?A'X:V/_``LOX1ZCX8^ND?\%






MC^*;GXA_#O\`;I_9%^)?[).M6GQ(^
?A_7?`E[K_`(

M8Z!XCO\`7]*^*'AOXC6D'@B'79YO`'C3P/X[M9-*^']SI.D`']57[9W[4L?[



77B;39P#]











MVMNKSW)L-#TF^NQ;PJTTQB\N-2[*#Y?\?CMXQ^+[^)[OQ9^S]\1?@GX8L?














M-KX

M9W%UJFG_`%#7XM_\%R_%'PQT']F[]F+2/BK\1=.^&?ASQ;_P4M_X)UZ5=^([








$W==U%O&'C

M3\$Z9H/A75K30$\'Z&H!^Q5%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!G6^CZ19ZCJ6L6FEZ=:ZOK*6
M




M]B^'=




M!XV^+EW\2/&MAX=U75-(TKQ#I]EJVK17WVC110!R7C?P+X5^)'AVY\(^-=*&
MN^&;^ZTVYU30YKW4;73=9CTO4;75(M*UVVT^[M$UWPY?SVD5MX@\+ZP+WPWX
MHTF2[T'Q)I6JZ)?WVGW/6T44`%%%%`!7&^*OA_X1\;WWA*_\5Z2=:?P/XBM_

M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`\?_:!^%
OQU^!_P`5_@JGBJ\\$P?%


[#Q9JVG:=I6K^(-

LVU1M

M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`445S/C63QA#X-\6R_#VV\/7OC


]Z;75I[ZUN+K7;2U%Q;1Q7

\-:!I^K
M^'KI](^/O[-GP7^*GA?1_%MW?:[XJ8W%_P#$3XBZQ\-_#GQ%\22^!_#?Q$\4

M'G[//A;P)\

M:^
GQ.\1^-K_5?

M0-.N]:\1^%O%_P`/]1T?4OA5XP\3^`/B-IGB/PG\0=`\+^
?#&I^#O&/@SQ1
MH&N:=XAT#3+VTO=&N\P-#Y4L@![#17Y9?#3_`(*=?LF?#_\`9W_9U\:?M*?M





M;P1\2/B#\2OC)KOPU\/_``?U/X3:9\3[3XC?`_\`:!\!^
O`Z_'6YFL?A%KG

MKY^R-X*^!?C_`..?@2^^)/QETSX:?'[X:?LT^













M3W%_X

MB!JGA^V^'[3W#VMUXHMKJUO(8`#[[HKYP_9Z_:T^!'[4C?$FU^#?B?Q)J.M?






M+]FCX0^/_C-\`?#?['?PW_9/^+NHW7A+]F7PM\9M/^.L_P`1_B%\;-:^*W@O
MQNOC/2KC5K?P9XK^%_P:TKP)\';WX2^)OA_XQ;QMXH\;^)VU[Q8OA:P\)6/%










]3\0'6=$
MOM:TCQ+%::E\/]UW0?$_P`1K;PEX:US2=6O`#]`**^*O`'_``4_9J^)_[2


M5O%.A_$?6_&UWJOP^^&

M_PJG[#NG?'KP/^S9:_%7Q'XG^*?Q)T;X%^)_`\7@/X
?&WX@^!?$7@[]I*



MX*(7WCWPU??#K1]/O=1\9_LOZ'\/-
T(ZHOCGP?8_%'P3XG\`?$#Q%XN\.^+




M-^PK\3/@'%\'/'=UH?P;\/Z'\&=0^%?@;P;XBUS7M/7Q+XUT77Q\:9+%_!WB



'@AM4U



?$SQ#H]SI




M







);HGACQUXP^%_B^UO?#_BGP9XK\#_$GP!J

M^.7[=7PL^`_[4G[+7[)7B3PI\7=;^(W[5

M#FIZKJNHZUXS\



M5]X^\7:IH/AS2;9M:`/M*BOQ:_8$_PH/@KXA^(M0_9?_:A^./A#6?VQY?V





MC^RC\








MKPA\0=#LO#MKJUUKOAO5-*O;7Q'-?:-#?#2/4R^,-:73OX;5Q0_P@'[?



+KPI!;?&6\N_#'PQ






M1_`_C'6V\









M/X-

M%_'K_@GGXD^*GAKXH_&[PC^S=\2?V_FUOXM?$3QY^SY?_&S3?@[\7/#5GX#_

:-^TK\.?


?MA_!WQG\+?'WCWX'3P1^!/^#?W







]M86DVH







6C_
M`+
/BO0-=\












MI/B-?@'K7PT\'^



M']D&QLO!WB[X)?\`!3']I'2OC_H'QSUWQ2@UCX)6/Q*T'X

MQ\'/CQX`_;__`&Z/VD[CX?Z!JWPS^.?P&_9/^'OPJ%EX_P!.A\4ZEXK_`&;'


'Q4_8\^.O[.7Q1^(O@V

MO76AZ7;RW'A[2=9U;^FVB@#\L_@+^S'\6OAG^U'^SUX_C^!G[/GP9^#?@/\`

(KN[\5?%;XEZG:
MVD&F:9!X@^*/Q*UKQ5X]U[[-:Z=8-KOB2_DAM;*W988O3K[P[X?U/5=#UW4M
MT;4-<\


M?Q?M'\
?!&T_:L\37NL_#OQCXJT_0?A7\2+Y?BS\VU'Q3;P^!(];L7\9:)
M9VWAWQQ#9RKXBA]\^*'[?[:/@K0$\&?!B]^$W[0X\9?\$C_``[_`,$[?'GQ
M+^.7Q5\9?KQ9#\3_AKIGC.QT?XV:G!HWPT^


MF'P_H-MK=_XFM]$TB#Q)JFGZ?I.I^((=-LXM;U'2M)FO;C2]
O\`54A6_O-/




%O%'@WQMX^\!Z3)'XAL-8BUXETR33-5^D-


?MF_


M?$]?V:?VG/VU?B5HW_!//]H/Q$]Y\!M%_9M_;'OM-NW^$?@7XGW_`
.?B5I^
M@?%/X8:IX+\


?6+SPYHWZG?

:M'J_B#QY\6O$USX5^&OP]\*VMI?^+?%U_I6DW?B/Q1J-




'_`(X?$3P&TES'X@\7?\%+$\*^
?@U\2/V@]..HZBM












_%H\(_P#$:J)O$&O_1?['P3^/'P$^(7[=.@?$[P7X0L













M2_9M_:D^?QLT3X5?$7X,?';Q5/X4M[+P7\0-\3ZO9^'?B'^S+\4[;P[H4O
MQL\
:EH'Q`34=.\&:?I\/P_UW4+S3=1T#\R?VH?V%?\`@IK\6OC+X7^(6O\`
MP@\!?%36O@K_`


^'O#%I\-=1_J


-4T#3_BG\!;RXL_V




]'\#Z5XYMX?%5[I\/B#1


&H^)]7TGP]K'BS5+#1K1V$U]/I_AK0-9UJ\6%&%O8:?/-*R





U_;1Z[J
M_ASPCJ'A?2O%.NZ=I;R\O-)\.ZGXV\'Z?K5_!]MIMYXHT&WNY(I=5LEF`/
MYW[']D3]KZ_\&_LRZ3??L[_$/PY?^&?^W'[9?[:_CZ71?BI^S_::YX_9X_







M\7;JTU;Q=I
/[6'A6_E\
Z(NJ:G;W?P_\?1O#B/P2WC;@OV=/V`OV@?`'[(5



_CS1
M/AGX)U;Q''/J.EPZ5X6F\:^)?#VA:AK+W$GV2\UK384MKB6ZCC(!\S_!+XA?
M$#]E[X6?\$R/V7O$7P#OX]0\9?![PW\%O'S:;\1?A)::A\$?$7P7^GAF)5A
M\V'BB^N_B7X7O;O2-5MM2U?X77FM:;X#T+3H-:U[RH=0TVRN.*_;U^'7[0?


4]&\77C?M`_M#_``M_91\`:SX4\.66
MN)H_Q'^.WB.ST#PA;^)[RXU+3KC0ONJ:S9V?]JZE:K?^6;"5[XD@MUKZF

MGX*_9%_X*`?`'X:?M@_#UOV0]8_:
TW]L[_@EQ^S3^SSX7A\-_%K]FGP[+\#

M;V\@!Y+\3?AA\4[G_@EWX[^!VC?#+4O%WQFO?V'?$/P7TWX56NO^`+.\U[XA

L[2#[(WYD_%+]C
MO]KBXN/@M\5/V=?@G\6?@U^U)X5^`7[&?PE\=:SJ7Q0_9N\8?LJ_'[P#X#U7

M]CI
O]&]%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!6/XBNM8L?#^NWOA[2


M;PQX#N]&B\?6?@WQ5;ZSJ.IZ4+3XR_9&^)7[76E?LB_\$UOVQ_@7^V%^T'^V


MNU3X=Z=X'\'_`!!\2V-WL\7ZAX)CUFUGUQHYFT[4O%VF:'K7@O6_%UC:7LOV




M_PG_[3GP!TC]HSXL_&;P!XB_8;_9(_::MM%^+?QFO_`(LM;_$WQO\`&7]J






M[2FB^#O&G[15E\;_`(MW/QU\+?&_X-ZS9?&35OV=M2U'6/A9^SW\9O!_P+\?


M-&^.6J^+-8^

MYU\9'[0_[6O@KX9W?[*'A+X5?\%*;OQ)_P`$_OC1^V1^TOX=^)'[:WQ$^*OC
MCXF?_X2^-XO@QX(^)GP#_9.D_:S^_QO^!GQ!UGX07'B7Q1\0];T_XD:S^T
M?JVIZ%XB\!#X._$GQ=K7@OPMXI\

M@)
+NXE`;5D^&WPZF\#CX92^`?!4OPV&FQ:


M_:7BB'^DCQ7^QJ/%O[:_PR_:OU#Q=X-E\'?#3]G+XA?LWV?P1OOA-#JEMJ/A

(V_07]IGXZ?'_\`8R\:?MR?WX7




MAG^SO\-?'?[%O[9?Q`O?V$_B[_P4&^'/@W]H?]ICQ%XA^*?Q)^#/[*_@C7?A



ABF

MPJM-$\(_\$M;O]G/XP_%W7?VD/'W[5?[6OPQ_;F_9ZN/VE/BKX@^'FD?L90^

-O)X
M9M_'/B$^'-


MJVK^)]1\0:=9W']?=[IFFZD;4ZCI]C?FQGFNK(WMI;W1L[FXL+W2I[BU


M!WAVW?1=2


M.22WT&V\5:CH$5P-:;2I);*UT6#7+FT-F\EI;Z='=%H(X49K



G_!!/PW


MJ;_@@+^TUK-I\)O&?[0_B;XD^#_&W[0GP#_9P_91U[]F7PM\/O@MXP\4ZY\/

MP[K/BGXE7/@[2?6@Z'K)\0^(O',VB6'AW1O#5];+#X@.LZOK[1:9IVAWEG&
MD6L_;KB&PN+:-4O=\2`&Q^&7PWTN\T;4-
^'W@C3K_P[!):^'[ZQ\)Z#:7F

MO^?_PW-^T7^S5_P4O\?^






FC



^!OC+QSXT/[




M3T/XL_%G6]8L?$?BKX@?`']K'X&I\


M`
$J_P!INZ^$[:D^F1Z+_P`+-'[5'[






5WXOF^(-U'XJFET-Y
M/$


?%&
MO@'\M/\`P5A^/7P6\3:1_P`%T/@7^VW\8F^#WQ.\%?LTZ7+_`
$]_AIK'Q:\


UO'=BW@%RD+HLX@A$H?RTVVJ`/YY?#'PE^)OPT_
M;N^
'[`D-M\7O%G[-W[8_P`2?!'_``4G^'?QHOOB1XZUH?/X:?+5?AS!^T
M?^S-=:_KOCNR\3V.F:W\=M$^\7@#P3X9M)?#&E?3]I;QXD_D7W@*VL]6^I





M^*.I^`_$.C3^




MW]A'XX?LE?&KQ3\`/VGOB]XX_:=_:)GU7]K_`.)GQ2U3Q'XQF\/_`!^T/]HK
%/$OQ<U_P&OPZL-%U;P?)^TW\3OVF]-\3^!OCQ\-?%MCK27_@*[\)?#Q=.
M@\

M=?\-:QXH\)0^'-7\3^%+?5=+U#7_#-OKL


MO!/+8SM=64LT


M4M/VN?B+INO^!_@IJOQ*\.:(WPP\0?$2_P#&MQ+#\



?M


M.(D2




;]F/QS

/C

ME83UOV?/B%\-?A]^QKI_[3OQB_;

MC]FO1_A[\/?VDOV@_'/P^\
_&OXI^

M*_B'9^+_``]X(UF];P?\2]7U.#^Q3QAJGP_TK_A%I?'^H^#M-^U^
=$TOP5)

`]'\5_;X)?M
_ML7VG?L*R_M=




T









M]H?@6X\#^+/@-N_:NN?&7B[P5XXO;#Q;%J%[/\09I_AYI-KX0_KY;X;?#MV\
1207E[X28V!/AR[NX998;FYT<V<T\4D

M/[6'Q:\
_P#!.C]MGX5_&7]BOQ+XG_:N^






I`/X)O$UMXC\'_\$EOVE_C5

OAYIGPG:_\`V:_A=X
_;QETKQ?X







M\'7WB_3-6U;2O#VBZ7\1K;P/XZ\)Z;\5-
T72-'\?6FN:$NL:3K8!;_8-_:R
M_:2_:SO_`(VZY\2O@1\&?A'\








MOQ

MO)M)U'2]3M?#P^\M0_X*O_%#PE\8=?\`V2/&WP$\
7_[5T/[6%[^SIX6TOX2









EA

^%/AS6O$.J:F?`&H7DE
MO-;5O@O_`
$J?AQ\#/\`A@FW\*?M'_M/:II'_!.WPM\0?!7P7T/Q)/\`LXW5

M^!/B7X0\+_![Q%XO\4:5HO@/QW\
O`WBJRT[Q5JWC'0]`GD\:6/B;5O%=E?1


-O.N?L!:?\(?

MQ0UKPU;Z)ITW@SQA)X@\W?P_P!1_M7Q0NF^-O$&KJ^F@'YY?\%)M*^)MK_P
M6&_X(VZ]^S]H'PA;XUZU\'/^GV@6OB+XLMX@T_PVNBZ-\-_V?[W3E\1W'@G



T



MUM/#UAX'\0ZCJE_\%K[Q7H4_C+4=2O-=N/`EQX2UGX@:7I?BG3[:/7KS6=#T

%G?BO:WW_!/JS^*GA?X-^'M6^-/[5'QT_8W_;D\&^&


MFI^'?^%@Z!



MC1]-_P%?:QI/Q$TN]LPKB;6/%V@_N;/0K1Y8-0_0SQ7^PQ\/O$WQP\2?'J

M!IOB*(:_I.KZ_JFO1V=T\NE_8I?#

MT)H/[

T_0;/2?&6F3

M\&?LX^-_ACXMM_FLZGXO\6?M3^%'T;QMXAA^*.MZ5J%[K.N?+R_'WB:3X:
M:I:^)/AMJ&C^!-$\(^$M1TC6O%_BVMIG[;/[2UI\0?\`@G=^R;^RG\$OV5/!
MFE?M)?\`!-K4OVBO#G_:ZE\0_#O@;X1:M\-_#OPCM-^'/ACP3\/]$G4?#;


^@^%/%7PIO[CXCWFDQ^)O!&J:1KWA7Q!X@\




M&/$'A7Q3X6L_%VF6'AE=%T+4?#NNGPW9+X\\7W%T;:^^E_V)_P!L3]N#]I?7



^(/%1U30+:ZT?Q/JOP\N]
T3P%J&K^`-+\'V6K
MZOXB^(?B/R'_`()F?M?M(:!^S[_`,$L/V5/&_PZ_9\UKP%^TA_P2!TGXA_!
M%[+Q'X\OM4TJ]_9Q^W[)?A6+1?C;=:OX4CT;6-`^+.D_'GP_K6J6/A'PM'+

M^$WA.ZU;1=:EU;X@GQL`?FQ;_P#!3GXB?+_`()S?\$Y/V@?!/PC_9]_9E^#
MWQ]_9NU36?$'C6X^$?Q'UO\`9_9D^(UMX?^'Z_L^_!7Q=H_P?\`$&@Z]\`O
M@K\4KS6_&&@P_':_T[Q1X%^$MQX)T;1?$/AB6/QIINH:9])?\%Q?C)\3OAY_


M%M?@-G=7$1\.^(-0\)Z5K6FO8ZG#%XG@US3+G3KVU@N[;V/P_P#\$H?@]X2^

M^)'Q


MX7N]!;5_#^HZA'\0/B--H?A?4O$FM_#KP+?_`!%\;:GX`\%^%]1U^YNJ`/S:





/_``1X_9.^-?Q3

M[/?PK_:8^(G[2G@KQ=^T!I
/Q.^*FJ_'WQ+^SI!\:_%=O^RI-^T)XAMQ'XE^
M.C_!2R:TTO5_B%XAOA_PDNHGQ1J6O^%(?&L&D^.M*\+Z;XQ\

`XG_@





TGX8KH'BGP/XOE^(GVW4=?.HZ3XKTJVT866L9_Q4_X



MWU^3Q#\=D\('XH:7?V7Q8\._$'PGXC\


MT_\`X)!ZYXCUG7?C#)XNCTB2T\%_M.7VL:5IUQH_@338-;\4OJK07'A^*YNO

MXUG1]?UV]FO)==\13:[JXU35]-T.]TOL?B!^Q;X+^(/Q_P#%W[2%S\3/BYX=



M+?M@_LP:YH/PGN?'^D?`KX+?&']@*W3PUXSL+3XT7GQI^)6M_`&+P]\4M5?Q
MW?64?#C]H_^&'A/XAWGAM?#\FC^!/'VC?$JYMK*RU1=&TSAM4_X(.?L:Z[

M])\!:;X5T7Q3XF^#?AO5H_!GA)]7TRY\
ZSX7TG3+;XA^%_'&I?VEJFH_H?K


7T/1?C]\
M;?#.N^-/VH(_$WA4_#WQ+K-]-X:^`NK?`WQCJ'C?PMX<CU;3_C8ESXOTNSTK
MR_\`X+'V/Q#N?VE_^
L_P`'G^'UA\6A^W1X]TWP-KWQ.TC7-;\&Z'=ZG^RO
M\9_M=[X@TKPOJ6@^)M;TBUBM(M4N/#&C^)/#$OB6\TK3]*E\2^'5E77=-^QK

G



M!^2_A'_@JW^TIJOB+PK^R3?_``
MC]D;P%\(?BSXM^







/,5EIOP5^%OA
M[Q;X4\$V/A+4M9\`:UXHTKQ;HWAWXA?$+3(?'-_X@U?Q0/\`A-=6U!=135K'
MPY?Z'Z_\6/V*_A#\;_V0$_8J^)6H^/M;^%L/@WX9^$[7Q+IOBE?/Q.L+WX.






MNO\`X*`/\:OB'\$OAG^RM^S]X8\9_#K_`()_?`C]N#Q#X4^
'QP\3ZGXBT7Q
M%\1O$GQ4\.^







U#XH6.LVEIXP\#6'B/


MO!=7NA^'+G1_)?!O_!(?]GCPW\!_'WP`\5?%O]K?XS:#XP\/^%/?A7QM\:/
MVB/%'C7XF?`OPW\._&VA_$GX8:9\`/%VFEV_P`
)?AU\0//@3Q?H6MZ9I-
MSXCUC6OAW\/)O'.L^+H?!7AV#3P#Q']@CPM\1_W_!6W_@KW%\4;7X/R^)=9

M&OVB/V&?@7XI\(^&_#/Q



M%O\`9B^$'A;XC^'4N`?#7AG5_!]_^T[X5\4ZK!J
GB+3_'FE:9K6EZ=9^!9K



M?CK6;[Q-\(;[Q'?_`!_^%7B/X?\`C+PQK5KJ5U\%)(;/P^_C+X0_!_Q1J7AF
M*S.G3ZG\
]$AMA9Z5KWC_3?&7//_`


M_$O@6W\;OX#M-;NCJG@[PWX4O3)-(`?07[9W[3WC+XR_L^_#GX2^9?'_QN
M_:?^+FK_``L^'&BK8^&]5@TBV\&_+XE?'#QUXOO-\8?%CX#^'_`!1%H_@_



M-9TS0?B!\.?&
(;/1_$?B+0Y#?:5JNFWVBZ_J^F:AIUU:WLD=<!X=
M_P?7PG\/6O@VUG^(7QR\:IX6\'_&CPWKA^*OCS3_BY%\5_$7QVT/3_``OX

MX$^&/`?PQN?AQI9@\




MCSQ#XM^(-UXZL?%7ASXJR^._&GBWQ9_PGPUO6[J[(!\Y_M2_\%(_VC?@)I7_
M``59O-%\)_!'5;S]@[]E3]E?]J?X96^HZ5XUOK/Q/8_&R/X^3^./A]XYO]-\

M_!57QK\5KGPC\1?@%^S+^S[_`

M^TO_`
$G/V6_VHM0^(]SXIU7XU?#G2?C%^SYX2_9E^*WA'X(_%35OACX1^(7

M.EWQI_P2O_9N^)/BKXTZS\1=?^

MM?%.FZ/KVG`'SSK_`.W[^VQ\$+O3O!?[2?[+'ASP5K?QT_:(_9K_`&8OV0?B
MMJFO^!?#/A'XA?$GXZV_C.^\?I\0_A'\
OC]^U)XJ\(V/P&\-^`?$7C:TD7X



&JMX@^&?B


UV^M]+5KJ/0=;FM(-.G7PQ_P5#^/-
ME^TQI/\`P3F^*?@7X*:9^V]XF_:(OOA-H7Q!\#'XE:W^S7'\+8_V2=8_;`/Q
M@F\.ZZ-\=7_`(IT3PMI$GPXU#X

M_LE_#;]L/P#X/\#_`!$U?QMX6O/AK\7_`(:?'[X6^//AUJ^EZ3XR^'/QE^$&



MRR-:\

MSTAM8TV?0VDN_5[!+\WE/[*W_!9+Q/\;OV1?!G[3'Q3^.G?!SQ#X(\+_M@



MQ5\1_`WPGG7QB;*\CT/7))M&L_#LNI6HUFVOM/L=1?2]'_/+1O\`@BI\*=._

]%^)O[





M9VT/L7Q$_P//P#^
6K^)-2^
/QD_:0^)EEXN_8B\(_L'Z]X?U_7O@[I6DW
M7PT\^*(_'_A3XBVUUX,^7A;Q%I7QKT;XDV]G\0[7Q?I&O6&@KXFL-/C_X1
M#_A'[&UT*(`\=_9=T#X@Z1_P6\_;=U7XG?#_`.$G@KQ=XP_X)[?L3^)+[6/A






?


);Y-4T76`#D?


MO^C_PQUI
WB./4/B?K\$/AWX?_`!:^*EOJ2_!GXZ3Z%X]^'OP(U+3]*^
'

]KH=_:^)$@E\/3)J9_+O]CW_@





]

MIX`D^`GP(M-%/Q



=)U&'XBZU+I*1?

7QM\)?LNM^T)


MU'4=0.GWM[H^K:3KFBV=AKUHFEZ[JF#J/[`/_!0+PQ^S1^V1^SWX:^%'PG^)
M+_MW?\$_O@O\+[5O&?[0Z#H'[
_P`9_A1^QW!^RCXHT*STY/AIXAN_&_P^
MUNYT72_BW\


MN6^DQ7MZTNH:F-+BT'P]9-)J.N:AI6CVEU?0?
7B3_@LU^P!X/\``7QQ^)/B

?C3X(T#5/AK:
M:SXX^`_CCQ-:7V@:!\;/#EE??#&XO[:67Q1#IVM^&[[6O-?^LFA^(?#'_!


7
MCS]F;X


UXNB_'[0-?^





O%_B7P+X^MKS]


'P?\06?PXT/

7=GXHU3Q-I-YX^TK^U[[QC?_L_^S7\'OBO\
?C-^W9XV\?6
M?P]B\*?M(?M.^&?C9\



?\`@F[^R[XB\<_WX1_!*VU']F?7O%WA+P)KGQ@\:_&#PI\


M/B#PGXBGT/4]&UN]^%O#%G^T[\8E^.VC?L^^'/`.L_M'?%OQ_P#LO_';]H;X

M'?B6YT;P9HNNZ[IE+]OS]F[XK_M(6/[)?FR^%NH3_`;]M[]G_]IKQ?9_%3






`BMKZ?PK%=ZZ`?



MBSX

M/C7/K?BSQEX-U?QGXO\`$?A72O!/@R'2M'?1^0^'[!G[27_``@O_!*KX._&
MK2/@_P']'_X)77^B7\7Q



V/@;P'#XLTO4)?'VB_97_!-K]GOXR_






8?BI^UG\6--TS]E/Q(OB?]
;+Q
M9X4LO$/CGPAXD\*+\8H_#_C6?PHUSHR'PW_;=T`?LG^SO^TS\(?VI/GBOQ;


9^%?`7Q0\7_#K7K/0[



MAXSU[T[U75/&@^$GP[CM=)OM!\#0Z-JT/@Q/&/B?\`'_P[_P`$UOV^_AQH
M/QI\1_LN^/O@%^P]\1/CS^S7\0].^)OPJ^$'QM^.?Q6_94U#]L[Q/XS^'?B#
M3OCE\%_A[X_^#/A:^_91TW4]'M?C/HWBO4OAK'XHU*4_$'PEJB^$]5\6?#VV




MI&-%UU=
_.3XC_\`!(;]M+Q1XK_:3\2?#_X;_L



M/!_P'\V7PH^$_CGXLZQ?_$;QXM^OA;2;G2O!&D:K=VIUJ[L&TS2HDFI:SJ

/VO?&'PL^*N



MJW[



M_;$\!_%:^^_QK^(/P1A^%]Y\9#\!9?$=Q\2[[QCIF@Z9H?A#P%XN\.Z'H;7
MUUX7GL]-UG5--6UU*#3;K4+G44@\+_X)P?\`!.CX\_L/'P=\*-=^?[`/BSP






M^'?P]^




MC\5?LT?$7P_XB^



M*EU?Q+X-TGQ'KOP#U#X
P^+X!=Z5X8UO4]$@N[J+7I;&33-
OV
MMQ)8(?-5;E_E+P#^S!:?LX:G\%/VO?V]O&WP^&/@/\`8;_8!F_8[M9-+\?^
M(?%/PXU+2O%^H?NP^('Q9^(GBKQ[X!^%-KI
&KVGPT\-^#_``O\.#X8\1V*


?MGZ%X


M7\[;'_@DE^TUX0\!?LQZ+X$_X9?TFZ^'W_!:3Q)_P5
^('PZTOQU\3/!_P`+


M\0=6\87'Q&^`FO?$3]G7X8?LT_%I]








M./C#XC?$O]LOXX?M3_!+PNWQ:^
$_A;7__QG\7^$DT[P1XUO]_9QO?&VE_
M$W^S[2YT[PQX3^'_`('^)
7C+QUJ'A[PI9:S8Q:H^KVWTC_P45^`/Q@_;&_X

MFWVF^#KC7Y=9T+4[V.[

M!XF\=:5XH'Q

M)/$

M%ZY_P3D_:$T;]KS]J?XP:5\`?^=7[0WP_\`VS-8^'?Q'OO%?[4-GKGB?XL?
MLG?%/0O@_P"/A'XNL?]O-\`O%1_:3^#\


MV^/%O[-'QF^(?QF_9R^&?P);P%JW_#)B?L7?'KQM\6/%GQ'^*OP_\'^(O!-S
MX.^





M^U_9\UCP#\#%^#W@CXD^M
OOAMX$\8^)?`/Q;\5?#:R\;:YXL\+^+M2U_Q




M;X1^)/'$KP++\







?AUX\\::[X?\`@=\*[XZ1\4/B






M_P#P1(_;._9!^-7@^T^)7Q3GT[Q9XI^)GP:^#7AK3=



M'\8/$7B2!OOPVU'XU?$-/!?@?Q7\0KCX7?!32-=MO#6I_%SXAV'@W2]8U+P
M[X(@UB:[MK.Z:SN=6UY-`\77/AK2-9MO!?BR71N=^*__``4:_9%^NMZIIGC


MUXQ_:V_9-'[/7C_P%^T)^S?\




M_#_QA\2_!.W_`&AO#?PWUSQ9I.FW-AIOB+7_`(4:CH/B#3);A5T66Z\2^']#


%W=Z_X1'@V[\72W&IW5T(




MP_\`$JT_X7?I?@M/`::]K^BW-QX=UG7I/'MG;S:9IUWU_BC_`()Y?M77_P`/

M+2Z-\*-5UCX1743?#BZ\
6OB7PO9_%]=1N;T:@=$TZTB0S@'TO\`M$_\%4/A
M=\$6UG1O#OPI^

MWFK:C



M?6+6M*TZ&$LEWP/_`
$]/C!X%_:R_:
?M+_`/!0_4)_VM_^<OPP_9O^('CVV\!
M_%K]MGXL_L]?&;4%^:C\'/B]HOPR^$WQ:N/'WA_P`





\

M#T/1_P!N_P'Q4_:#_9QU_X._M9ZKXN^%7Q0_8^^/WQZ\





MP3-TKQE\
OA/J/A3]A_Q1^WCIWC7Q9X0^-LVIW/B_P`*?M##48OAGXG\.^'-



M``8^'7P_\6_%70;?X0^






MSZAH=MX@.N:)KECIG\Z'Q8_X*R?M3?!W]D_]K']KJ^^*W['?B_Q7^R[^VM\?
MOV9X_P!DD_#SQ+X1\1?&#P=\&?VIKWX`:!I_@;7_`/AH;Q/XW\
_'/Q[H=D?

/@Y\!O!7A7XCZMI?B[XNW

MOI#HGA6+1-&DNS#IZN/PS\2_\$XOCA\4_P!B']M[]G#Q9^QE\#-2^+?[5W[0




M:2T_XI7_`(PUWP9\4?\`@E9^R_\`L06_[8O_``EO@N7Q/XT^-'P


_!?1?VC?'
?C+X1?&_P`':PWP

_@CPYXG^&VD^(OBK\
;W7;9](7QK\+-+\9^'X=0EL[6XOX9;


M:)\;_P#!/OXS?L0Z7\6/@-K7AV?Q=\;/%'Q.\&:7X%M?&$WC:Q^!WPOU+X5_

MHW/C'2/#US+X6USX4^//B5XG\/G3?.IK\16T0ZAX(UW5[71+RUE^V?@K^T



/A#'\-OASX?M-._:7^(OP

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***Q_$2Z4_A_74UW4)-)T-]&U-=9U6+


?[07
M[0O[4GP^\%^!_#&L?M@7/P%L_%7A/PQ\7]#N?A_X.'QLUSX*:7X[\1^$_$_@
MM;JSE\+7WQ7_`.$M\+^*/'Y\2_2]Y^T#\#O@I!^Q]X8_:%_;-^)?Q+_X)7?&
MEOVY[?PE^U5XHU7XD_#_`

MQC/\2_C+X1^
$WASP%X4\;7]A\/5G\*WWP\U7XA?#GP[I`\&W7B#Q#X9\1:Y





M1-5^+VG_``S^'UC\6==TJ/0M;^*%GX

MJ*WT;2((]/N]3FM$ATK38EA6-JL7Y5?\%-O'WQ!^#G[&W[*WB_Q'H/Q;\??
M!#PY^T+^RW!^W]:-HLVO_&]_98_LW4K3XD:SXW\+?!NUUZ'Q5:VOQ//PSU+
M]H3P1X$T[7_#/C?X6I\4?!D&GZIX2UVXAF^%?$/Q&_9KC\7?L%:Q\*]2\82_








NAW?Q$\

_QA^`




M\0:5KI3Q5'K.G_V?X8O-5N]5`/W*^#7Q



MYX/T/PGXA_9U_9U\(6?A?Q[X@_;/B\




`?V5T5_)]\.M?\`V+O'O[/W[5WQ:_9R_:G_`&@/A_\`



O['Z^)H9
M;OPC\%-:O-3FMM-\$07WB'0/!GQ/\/?$71/#NN:MX?L].F(!Z7X-_;Z\3?'6




M:/I0U*ZM+G7;J#63H=OJ


MZ^









MOA[]E']K[Q3^U:_A[Q[X:^`^LZ%^S)\4?AG=_%'X&_M`OX_\+:Y%XVTBU\9-

M^+OV:?C3'XF\)?\`!0_X=-IGCWP;\0?#_P`:/V;_`(JZ/J6I6/Q.\+00?$Z_

MX33[3?\`_%`ZW]H\0^'/[-_XF5S+]LAV^JU_$=\5-;^$6J?!E_#&B_$37M
\
M



?[9/[9OQ
_9!_9Z_;-_
M:
U3]F/4?%?@[]EGPQIOC/P4TWQ=\&^'H?CWX5B\%Z/XE\;ZUI3V&F^+M;^'

MF?MS^


M?[:?[0OPT^.?QK^/_P`-O$GQ&TG]E+XI_P#!+CXC_LS?!^?XC^/?B'\-]/\`



U/P5\


M/ZC^T=KMCXG^*_PB_84_8Y^)7P
N?!WC;XF:1X#TG]L?PG\!_B_8:IXO^!O@

L?B?\3='^-'_!'/\`94^-_P`7?`WP5^
'Q'?XE?%[]H3Q

M;W4IK668`_JP^-GC#XF^`_AQJWB?X/\`P?G^/'C^RU?P;9Z7\
+;QWX7^&L^
MLZ5KGC;P[H7B[64\8^


M_9QIL






MKWQ?X6T?P*NG?%^;1_OB#QQ\2]9U/2P#^N6BOXR?@#X%^'[4WCS]C'2OVJ
M_B=\;8/#LW_!NA\
H_BCX3\6?&[]I+X



M$WQ;USXB?#[]H3X[:+_P3M_X)KZ'\9_V7OC#I_B/0/CYXN\:-K&H^)_$WQ4_

M)Z\R^






?%\]KX5\

M'[9?P;^)GQ`\%?%WQEXPO-8\*1_#+X;_`+??P3@U763X5_;NE^*&J:;X6\(^
M(]-\;6/B'XI:1X/^(O@'Q;\/K/3]-TOP'X/`/[7]'NK^^TC2[W5=+?0]3O-.
ML;K4=%EN[6_DTB_N+:*:\TN2_L7DLKU]/N'DM'N[-WM;EH3-;NT3H3HU_*I\





MG[6'BO0]9^-



M6^H:DUO%%`U]=QS71ACCB
I1%4?G7_P2!L_A-\+_`/@DM^QAK/@3PSX7T&'2





M#X%HW[:/B2U\:?L\^$?BS^R/^T1\%;3]ISQAK'@KP'XK\5WWP-U_P_X%UZP^


O])U_4+#P5;@^

$P/$?AGQOXKTS]NBZ\:?'CP3_P6&\'
M:UXLUS2OB3IOP^LOA5\9M;^


MPS!XS^'GB;2O&'A2ZU7Q-HEGXAT.X%YI-]J/@[Q/K'@WQ'%87J`0WT&G^)=`




-&^




?C-X+'@?XF0^'[;





MMW#:2VVFK?:I+9:==_@/_P`$7?C#X/\`CWXQ^$7Q)L_VR/B;\1/VCX/V59_!


_C=\1?A'







^&/



_P#A(4\4:EKCVGQ[^)\L.IZ_K'VJ\NKK

MK!O


_B-X@UZR^

M_P8=4T#Q!!KT'A

T
LUU;_GQXB_;T


M;=9Y0TH@62180XC#N%#'B_B9\5?A?\%O!^I?$/XQ_$CP%\)O`&CO:QZOXX^)


%/!\OC?Q7IO@/P7%XI\1:1X?D\7^.-8M=0OM(\&^%
MTU:\M&U_Q7JMEI.JWFF^'=)%WJ]]:Z9J%Q:V<L5E<O'^W[0?_!3[]L']CK]
MI?PQ^Q]\8O!_P.^-WQ6_:)UW]FBW_9M\8_`SX=^*/ASX:\-K\:O&_P`9/#7C
M/P5\3O#/QG_:3'A[QCXN\
Z?\'=1E^&NKVOQP^#-A\5M4U6+3YO#_@K4+:'2
MM1]-\6?M%_MIZ1\1?V)]+_:K_9Q_9LT6U^(O_!3:_P#@OX#?Q3X-TSQ-\0;'




M.%U]LTG5K*[TZ_AM[RVFA3\V/VZO%'Q\TC]N;_@D7X5^&?Q@M/`GP\^(7[1O
M[0FD_$'P1-X
N=;L_'=WX8_8@_:4\9Z5)XKU*R\8^&[[4=`TJUT74(=%\*0F


M5)KG@'3_`!A\.=;U06OB+X2:%X?U#PU^TA\7-2^
=EJGAIM5\.^/9-;^#_[/
MWB'PMXHTA-8F\-P6]YJWA3PO^QM`'SG^R]^SZ?V:/ASX@^'B^/\`7?B-%X@^


2[F^C***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****










G[5WP\^)?[9GP0_X**V?[(7['G[&_BGX7?!J:Y_

M.N:OXLUG5-9G\6:QKD&O:[;:E\K_`/!0O_@FIK_B;X!?\%`;G]FB#XS_`!3^





M=0\0?#_26^$5QI?A'Q+I6FWEV?#CZA%XHTNV:2(Z_IWB:6$SR`'ZZ_$#_@FM
M\'_CC\'OB]X(^*OCW]HC6/''Q\T3X#6/B?XVZWXZ\&0_'WP-9?LV^/[/XP?`

M]MO_`(*T_MG_`/!%GX6_M;_!']H+PM=_MT_%#]I'7OA[X4\.^

$6J:WH7A6XGET@`

^(FLI\8]-3X(:






MNO:OXO2W@\*_#/Q'\+-%\













7_!

MU?P3\



$XOV&?

M`


M\/7(#:3`DO*_LH_MU?\`!27QU^P=_P`%XOBU^TE^V3-H7[1'_!.KQ]^UE\+/



M_A9\2_`VL@']=M%?AOXNTS]LW6/V(M:_:1\+_P#!2;XW:0GPI_9E_:.^(D6N


MJUEK_AOQEXH\9V&MGQ&=1@N+&;2K2T

M72Y[L_


M'ZP4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4


UI!=7$EI;3W*QL8(;B[BM;Z6U@D

^*OCR+]H_XL'4?A_XC\(ZG\4]


M$:1K$7F7*?T_44`?A+X5_P:'[0_B#]M#]K_P#X*2_&_5/@9?\`[1GQ5_9H







[G^ERB@#\__P#@
MFK^Q]XG_`&/V$O@M^S+K?B7PY\3OBI\/?NL7/CKQW:#5M$TOXB?$?7M7U7








MLM

M7Q5\#-#UOPJ/%?P]U;7]3\/^*=







MMA-X:^O?^I7[!OQ]_;:^)W_``3V\5_;4_@_H.@?L3_`+9?PA_;$UL_$3QE
MXTT;5_'U]\*_$$6I-\
]*T_PU\+_`!A9:':Z[96\9'CJ[U?4)M-NI7@/@J_B

M)'Q]U'Q!^VK\8]7TO5?#?Q6^(FJ^-/@]\



M?'?B7PWH3JCZ+H&N^*8M5U31])=$?3M.NK:S
M95
)`]$HHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
ZC?RPV<-Q=/#9VD,UQ/Y,$CI#&[[2%.`#;HKX
MZT[_`(*!?L:ZQX8^GC71_C_`.]8\)?M(^*KCP-^S_XCTA=;U32/C1XPM-0
M?2KGPW\,KZPTFX@\::O#J$%W:O9ZU]*'T[53C9I.I-:]A\5?VP/V<O@EKOC

MM:Q;^!H/A9H'QQU3Q?I?P=^.7B7PWX;^#?BS6/$F@^$/BEXQUGPU\-=7L/!7








M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#^([X




MOKZ6)Y;KPW;ZUKVLZG'I



$ROV@=5\:?%_X9:G^T!\5?'/[$7[6?B`PZ[XD^
M)7[.O@C]B?\`:KF\1?`#]H+5G%Q./CI^S[KFJ^`K.U^)&[2V^-G@6^TK76TG
M2=7T?Q9;:@S_`()N^%_VE/$'Q_X*T2?+XI_`_P=\.K;_@N?\6Y_BEX5^)7



M.[AE^0?^';'[#'V'Q]IG_#-_@3^S?BMJNKZ[\4=/W^(/L/Q)UO7[6*QUW6?'

=5UJR@@L]7U'Q%'J-WJ5K#%;WDTT
:(H!^9GQ[\!_&.'X_\`QG_;



M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`

?#%AX

?`[4/C5^U?IO@#P+^
MS7_P3]\4?#?3M*_:\_:78_#GQC\3]3_;
M?&?BSPI;:Q\4M7TA=3UEOASX%N
M-0T_7-+UOPSJLGAFSMM:T#4].NM5L=0\?_8L^/NG^'/VO?\`@L!\/?BUXR_;



?B=IGPZT'X9Z%?6MBWQMUK4?%W@Z#1

M+Q7\;/VM_''Q!^
_[=GP:\/?&GQ)H'[1?Q^U#XK_`!@\)^+O$GQUTGQ)X*UK




MUO4KJ:\M_P#!)'XYIJGA_P#X*Y?&3XJ_%OXS:E\-_@[_`
%+?VE_#7A_4OVA


MK+X67FGQVOP]\-_$SQ%\7]#\07'CZX^)NJ37GCB'QMXKUN_OX/.G^'K[PG


M=?\`!0G]E/0=.U/2-3G^#_P2\::G)\'/'W[-6ISZ))/I]QKGP$\1^&_AP?%F

?Q6^(WCS_@E



^
K


MAS%\

MXJ_$7]B[_@J)_P`$Y/A;X%\;?$?QO^S_`/M]:5^TE\&_B=\(_B!\1?'/Q9OO

7MCXK7
*O`/P.


MN\+6NNZSI'BY]?D\8^&O%-QJ&H+?S7`/Z(?$'X`1?$GXZ_![XM^(_%C:CX3^









MVG]+\.?M0^(O#GPO_:]^R6?Q1^&_BSX5_#[XFVO@;2)_@YX-^!_BZ/X#:KK4


?A']G7XT_&RV\%^
?'^D_M&_!_
MPGX:^.T/A;P!\4_#&AR_VCX(U/5-/3Q3`\\FH6OB:R^UR7\EU%=Q_HYIW[0G
M@+]G7]AKQW^U5



M5+AM:'NT7[)WQ6\4^+OA'XR^-7[2D_Q


_'?Q-^(WBK6?VF?VZ=$OO$



M%?X=:Y/:7]OI/C3P1XBM+?4M+FO=/U+2;^'[9HNO:5JV@:IJFEWGB^I?L3^(

?#[P_\*]



MI-





?$]O\5?V[HO

M8Y!\4V\!W


\






5^+_`?_!1+3_'7Q-^
_P`1X_!__!4[






MW'A/58?BW]B^#XU_$'_@W4\(?M=:7^U)^TKIO[8/A[]E#XV?'KP[\=?'7[2G

M$&#2/`_BVQUO6?!WBB7X3^/AGX_O?5\]GIGC[1M1:YU2[`/A[1OVPO&_[2
MW[77_!([XPZ_;_M3Z)X(_:Z_X)=_%?X]?$W]G;X!?%KXX^'/#
GQ(2\^`=[H



;7[SU/_@F


MQ7I/H6G_`+'_`




/@YX
M3N-*\#6EY!J6C'Q9'HGB+Q5HWB=H=4BU#]
/VDYO@;^QCXZ_8MUC4?CS^U_X
M-U_QQ^TEIGPR\^&KCQ_^UM^T_X0_:+\4^-O?C306^`_C^P\5^+OB'X*\
Z

P:1X=L/VA/%&@:KXJN;S6O$/BF70_#NMRG2;E=8M-6`/-?VW?B;IVG?\`
M!.W_`(*I_'S]F3XI_MK?#3Q'\OA!JW@73(?BIXI_:F^'NN^&?BK\./AYH7Q

-=\?$K2?$/C[0O&'@GQKXUG0I(KO3




4MH]0\3^+-3TC1+*2X=62!+F^B:9@5C#$$5


_C7X`?1+&]N9/B%XA^








MA27.GQW8!]OT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`





M`$V^'7_!4?XKZ1X
\

MWXH^&M%\6?%_]HF30YOVD_CK?:5K_P`1]
\






M2K3]DSPW^T#9?#SXO_M$:MI$/B:W_:(T?X3Z-JNJ_&KX;_LW/KUMJ-C??!OX


MSTWXM7








?#`^)E[\?)M6\-66F_!#Q/\1/@KI?Q7\+:OJOB+3[#P]X%TSQCH7B.ZO8
M]4\
^-='\/?M]\`-'\

LFEPV
M;MY5^VO^UE\-OV%OV4_CG^UK\6C/)X&^!_@:]\5WVEV=Q;VFH^)]:GNK30O!


M3\7?VE?VK-(\9?L8MX`U[]@CQK^U0OQ3_PI'[6O[4.D:E+??'+]J;X/_M5

MO$4_C/PG^E/[*O[6'CSPW^T-+X%_9\*_7X&?\`!'K]EC]J#X=?\$W?AUX+



T$MI]DM_R
MC_X*

M+)-?A_8S4;WX=?L





7Q!_:-^*L6HZ6WCWPKXK@\+^+/`





M_LE?LD^'_%?C7QA^UU\;M3EUKP_J'@;Q-XSLM/\``/@+X5_!WX0Z1H6M^$?C


M+T#1/VG?CA\:M5^
GCSPS\3_`!AXB^!FH_M8_$;Q7\=_C1\;/VA_V?H?C#X;
MF\3^+/A1XU^+$VG^.K?PC\0+5)[J-M`TO1;_`$WPSHVL7=CH0!_3E17\J7P[
M_;







M!^QYH'[1G[9'[3O@G_@F!:?'77;'QIXI_:7_`&VOBG^T#^T%XFOK+X
^`K_4

M)XA\8:_]@N`#]G/VC?VY_AS^R1\.?A)K'QS\-^*KOXZ?&O\`L_P]\
OV5_@?

M\6ZQX4L+V!1]N5_

M\.?`?[/GP:^#NB:C\!/V7;NZCU/P)X;\!I^U!X1_:EG^%.O_`!80?\+3^)UM




MNEZ1KEW81:7J6HZ+JUE974USIUY%#\N?MF_MC^`/V/?V1/B)^TY;6L'Q&MO#
MNE:3X?\`A+X*\%3IJ]Q\6_BWXW\0:?\`#OX0?[PHVAK?&XN?&GQ)UOP_P&
M)KO3X;J+P_IT^IZ[?1QZ;HFH2P^=?\$Z?V.=9_9I^&VO?$_XYWEEXY_;E_:@




8:10#N1+
M$97A$D9FCCCEDB#J94BF:5(I'C!WK'*\$RQNPNT,JJ28W`X;XC?%'X=_+P


M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'@WCWP]^T]J/B2YNOAA\7_@-X/\


__``5L_P

MVN^#?%\WP_T?3?&
'C[Q#\7/AQ;_``J\1_$#X
VVE^';NS\/3ZA!XH?4=*`/
MZ-/^$0_;?_Z.&_94_P#$-OB[_P#1VT?\(A^V_P#]'#?LJ?\`B&WQ=_\`H[:_

_9/_9U_9IUK0_#?B#6=6\4


MPM-^QE\(K+XM_&?]O#6_V/OAGXC^

=<_9C\3Z]\)+%-(T30;F]\9_S5_P!KJ[\'

O`_[./[

^`

MSXO_`+8/[-_CWXE:U\*K62.


UC7)?V4OV@)O$


\5?M

M@3XNW7@GP\O@?3-2\9W_`(D4`_HW_P$0_;?_PCAOV5/_$-OB[_`/1VU\)?

?QN\(36WQW7]E?2_



M2?[+7[77[






MH_B31]6\.^(M)TS7O#^O:9?Z+KNA:U86NJ:/K6CZI:RV.IZ3JVF7T4]EJ.F:

M/'C?QA^V_'^U]!9ZO\:/BIX[^&F@:/XU^$N@_%'XOZAJ_B*;P3\+_B#JVI1:


M9:7HFEZ=I^C:-XCTC2&^(^F:'9IH=IXYCTF:[L[CZ
\(?\$R_P!NSX;?&3XZ
M?&#X6_\`!5W6_AW%^T-XNB^(7C[X4Z/^Q[\
_$/PAM?B`?#WAGPSJ/C3P?X9
M^(7Q&\::MX1UW7].\*V$OB4Z-XC@T[7]2N+W5=4T^YOWM9[3]G_#%QXBN_#7



M\9OA+'\(?@7K/P8_9S_9.T/QY^R_XLD^&%SX#^$?P^UCPQX9^
WPZ^$'A7]J

M7[E-
D34K=-/NM12==1L$N[S2I%34[;3M4FM$TZZ^!/^6_[/[67[%'C+]H


M_1PW[*G_`(AM\7?_`*.VOJNB@#Y4_P$0_;?_PCAOV5/_$-OB[_`/1VUR/B
M7P'_`
%&[J6U/@_]JK]B;0H$CD%]'XE_8`^.OBR6XE+*87M9M+_X*6^#$LXT
M0.LD4T%\TK
KK+$*/\`;-%`'P!_PKG_`(*F_P#1Y'[`'_BM/]HK_PFQ4?\
M*Y_X*F_]'D?L`?\`BM/]HK_Z;%7W_10!\%V'P[_X*@1WUG)J?[8'[!5YIJ7=



M_P!G+]GKQYJ)UCQS\!_@SXSU9O=KX;5/%?PO\`!'B+46\#6-X=0LO!9O=7

M'^SUXK^-
&(Z3K-A8^(K`:*T'C3_A%I[[1O
M!'C3Q1!XTLO`=U<QZK!X1UHVL5D?/=<^'[6W@.W\+?#_P#9!^-/['7P'_9\
M^'W@CPAX$^'?PK^(?[$_QA^


MPYXGX[XB?&/XC_L(?\%7;/X(_!/0O'?QA^!/[3G[!GQ[_:&M_P!E/1_%4NHI

M#XK?!\^!OVR-7U_PUK#?#OQ%I_POLH/&'Q+^$GBGP=XL\%6VI1J/A]KN[3/B



M?_H[:/\`A$/VW_\`HX;]E3_Q#;XN_P#T=M?5=%`'Y3?M'_\`!.34OVO[G1=0

U[+H^B^*=2_;;E\0Z7

=M;H][
SW4@@B
DS%%(_82B@#\
M??B_^P[^TE\6/@UJG[+_`(D\+?\`!
/Q-^S5/K5IK=C\
9/V7OCE\/\`PW'J
MECXP7X@V^NV?A;P1^T8;/POK3^-VN/$MW=:#K)N+W5;S4+J]O;IM5U%+CW^#

M;^$'C7X$_&+Q9^P7XB^&/Q%L;'2O&?A^U^%W[3FB'7='LM9TW6I-&N]0TC]H





M`
$^?#O@KP#X7\/^_'A^S^#7[2
EIH?A?PMI-IH?A_1[62[_:`N+J2WTS2



MNKRQ\.^&=*TE9HK7;\








M%/)]AU:[1]C1_P!FOX.:#^TCXZ_:TTSPC:6WQT^(OPB\`?!#Q1XP3:DMY\/_


MHU;Q!ZY\3_\`@GA\-_BI\0_B-\1-5^+_`

M`7A[0OVD/AU\-O\`A/$\+VGCN_3X:7/C3P%JL-I\4/B'IU]JW[._B[X(W&HZ
M?XMUUN@ZVVDG3OOZB@#\WM=_P"6O[-^H?M)^T!X3\1_'/X0QZQH7P[T'X



`M%\<?&
MSPOXS_8*TJQ\



5YKGA[3M-UJZU'PH==\':7Y-IKK0#])J*`

M\^7O_!
3X*P^.O\`@G_XU\#_`!&^-?POM/\`@G!'XPB^!O@GP?JGPQU7PMXI

M?1M3U_XR_#W6_A5XYO?%H\2Q7%QJ-C/X&UE]/TG3=/?2FTS48WU;[;=2RQ0V




M


-1.H

M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11


\_#_\`^5M`
M'U-17RS_`
+8_:9_Z-+_`/
\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__,\_#_\`^5M`'U-1
M7RS_`,+8_:9_Z-+_`/,\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__
\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_
M`
+8_:9_Z-+_`/
\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__,\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`,+8
M_:9_Z-+_`/,\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__
\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`
+8_:9_
MZ-+_`/
\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__,\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`,+8_:9_Z-+_
M`/,\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__
\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`
+8_:9_Z-+_`/
\
M_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__,\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`,+8_:9_Z-+_`/,\_#__
M`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__
\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`
+8_:9_Z-+_`/
\_#__`.5M
M'_V/VF?^C2__,\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`,+8_:9_Z-+_`/,\_#__`.5M'_V
M/VF?^C2__
\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`
+8_:9_Z-+_`/
\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?
M^C2__,\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`,+8_:9_Z-+_`/,\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2_
M_
\_#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`
+8_:9_Z-+_`/
\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__,\_
M#_\`^5M`'U-17RS_`,+8_:9_Z-+_`/,\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__
\_#_\`
M^5M`'U-17RS_`
+8_:9_Z-+_`/
\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__,\_#_\`^5M`
M'U-17RS_`,+8_:9_Z-+_`/,\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__
\_#_\`^5M`'U-1
M7RS_`
+8_:9_Z-+_`/
\_#__`.5M'_V/VF?^C2__,\_#_\`^5M`'U-17R/K
M'QG_`&H],TV[OK+]C'4O$-U;1AX=&T?X_?B#4K]C(B&*TEU^30]'2158RDW



MUO;2V;5X;;_A8
=[):/;W$VH0V\MO;ZBUM8W



FH?


M





M)H_X:&^+O_1B7[5?_A7_`+$'_P!&30!]5T5\J?\`#0WQ=_Z
2_:K_P#O_8@
M_P#HR:/^&AOB[_T8E^U7_P%?^Q!_P#1DT`?5=%?*G_#0WQ=_PC$OVJ_P#P
MK_V(/_HR:/\`AH;XN_\`1B7[5?\`X5_[$'_T9-`'U717RI_PT-\7?^C$OVJ_
M_O_`&(/_HR:/^&AOB[_`-&)?M5_^%?^Q!_]&30!]5T5\%W_`.V!^T)9WUY:
M6_\`P2L_;UU2UN[BW@U.P^(G_!+^.QU&&9XHK^SCU/_@I!IVI):7B*MQ;I
MJ&GV%\L
B+=V=K.)($J?\-D?M%?](G?V_P#_`
.-_P`$LO\`Z990!]_T5\`?
M\-D?M%?](G?V_P#_`
.-_P`$LO\`Z991_P`-D?M%?](G?V__`/PXW_!++_Z9


M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`




M?H7A'PW/I-I?SZ3]

T'



MTCXV^(_Q]_:)^/?PI^+OBRPT[6?B;\.9_B_\2-
^%_CGQ


M9I_:T\0_&7P1\2]=^!?[*'QV^!'BXZWX5O\`P1=_$OQ[\;?$O@KQ]=^+-%TS


M_CWXST7QSXJ\

%K+K'AVZT_6


M9_L^:IKNG^#?A;XG^+/A+X
ZQXH^*

^+WA




M:EX'N_AMX-UKP7IFB?!^]\2WDOPN\




M)L[_`


_\`!(K]HCP/\$/V5_V?
M/AU^T+\%_B7X+^!OP8_:P^#WB34_VK?A!XH^+$


M\(V&B^%_B?\`&?X;7VBQV?A;QK+!KL7B2.SO;_Q1XM\*VVG16^@Z!XJUZ#TK
MP=_P4N^$_CZU^#%WX6^$_P`==1C^/O\`P3MU;_@I1\-5?3OA+9/J?PCT





M%^
WPI^)'BKX$_&&RO=(\

MT\/2:WXXUW7M*\2^#]9T70KP3?L3?\$ROVK/V6?%/_!.*+QC\0/V=_B'X/\`






MWAS4=
_L&PBTGQGJ&J'5F.J7!U&ULX1IQMA.9O$?C%_P31^
G[0'B[X^_M&_


MP^`?$GCGPS\1/@_XM\$_%_Q+X/\`#_BS2?#7@[QOJ-Y'J_CK0/$_@N^\%ZTN




MSJ]MIOB#Q+XVN/#FF7UMH6A^[[4?B!]@_L]?LB_'?X&_MK?$7]JGXD:]\'=
M3^&OB+]AO]F_]F_5H_.I^/!XQM/$O[.3^


M^)'Q9_:Z_P@O[/_B/Q]=_#?]J#4]!;X+Z=\0OAW\6/!GA7P_J5C\/?!-C\


MO0;(`_



OV&?`Q^(7P6?5_P!D#]O7XA?M

MP;H&J7'A;5+?6]1T?3/-/&?_``2S_:A?5M3^.'PB_:%^$_P\_:G\`_M_?'7]



MQ;U/]J2'2OA5XC\

M8'^!

M&L=*L?C9X;T#3'\1^$M
\1ZSX7N-.O-7\*7W[
T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11




MP3_P4.^

M
M/CCJ7Q'\-^-?B7J$?@&VM_'GQ'\-6WBS4_B%XINO@VEII?C?Q)J'A2/PQ;@
M'[N_\9L_]6L_^9:H_P
V?\`JUG_`

_#?C7PGX=\

V?^K6?_`#+5
M'_&;/_5K/_F6J^IJ*`/EG_C-G_JUG_S+5'_&;/\`U:S_`.9:KZFHH`^6?^
V
M?^K6?_

TSX7^


M_P#AZ/VBO_GU]_44`?`/]L?\%3/^B=?L`_^'H_:*_\`GT?VQ_P5
_Z)U^P
C]HK_P<+1_;'_!4
MS_HG7[`/_AZ/VBO_`)PM??U%`'P#_;'_``5
_PB=?L`_P#AZ/VBO_GT?VQ




M;_\`T;S^RI_XF3\7?_H$J/\`A+_VW_\`HWG]E3_Q
GXN_P#T5?5=%`'RI_P
ME_[;_P#T;S^RI_XF3\7?_H$JRM;\:_M]P:9=2^'/V:/V/]5UE/)^QV&M_MQ?
M&CP_ID^ZXB6X^U:O8?\`!/7Q+=VGE6C3S0^5HE[Y]Q'%:O\`9HYGNX/LB@#
MX`_X6-_P5-_Z
W_8`_\`%EG[17_TIVC_`(6-_P`%3?\`HS?]@#_Q99^T5_\`
M2G:^_PB@#X`_P%C?\`!4W_`*
W_8`_\66?M%?_`$IVC_A8W_!4W_HS?]@#
M_P`66?M%?_2G:^_Z*`/@#_A8W_!4W_HS?]@#_P`66?M%?_2G:/\`A8W_``5-

MM_\`Z-Y_94_\3)^+O_T5?5=%`'RI_PE_PV_P#]&\_LJ?\`B9/Q=_\`H$J/



M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`?`?Q__9(^
/Q2_:V_9W_:O^&_Q_\`!/PVU']G#X:?


/[



M/U'PWXVTRS\*V^H?`SPCK&N:7(OASP%9^'+S0M/M)O#NCV=O^FU%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`445!



M'WB:W\
:1-KVOOH'A72KK6=7;2M(MVCDOKJ*PLYY5B
L
2JC23SP0))
EWX7
M?$/0/B[\

MS3?#'@_P9X?UGQ7XK\2:S=16.C^'O#7AW3KG5]=US5KV9EAL]-TG2[.ZO[ZZ

M%?[._P`;?US\4/AMX%LM`U#Q)J_@^YUKP-::;)KMI:^+/TL7P_UJ^T7XC7


M'G_Z--M_P!CZV\+:G^TEXJT;]G_`.,'C7PG\*O#WC7PW=^,/#GBO6=2\^$





@


M/$WA_P`:^&O#WC+PGJ]CX@\*^+=#TGQ-X:U[2YUNM


MA!X%_:0_X3SQCH'@CQQXK^(/AV6^TJ\_X9^UC5?$UIXE\.^`]+N-`FLKWQ!X
MM^Z_VB/C%^U?X?\`VF/^JOQR^'7[1_[2[VW[%?[`/[-O[6?P:_8S4_V/X=





'@#XDW6L/\``?7T\**WCKX


MT_PSXIT[6_%7B'2_$+]G;?LA_LG6?@_4?AY9_LP?L[VO@#6/%DOCS5_`UM\%
M/AM!X/U3QS
MZDWC/4?#




MI]];PW=C?6-W]O=V=Y:72075K=02207%O/&\
T+O'(C(S*?*=&_9Z^`7AR

MHVJW7B#7KG4M
UM;ZROKC6]7FNH)9-2O6F`/Y@/^2%U\3OAU\.O^
GPPMO




_XD_!+
MX,?&7_A&O^%O_+X8?%;_A#-6_M_P?\`\+)\`^%/'/\`PBFNCR<:UX:_X2C2








/VF/V8?#_P#P30BU#X@W7QV\0?LI

?AW0?AA
M\
-)UW2+CX5:O=:?X5\3KH?]8S_LO?LC^
/!FG^&I/V=_P!G+Q3\/4\8O\2=
M+T!_A)\
];\&+\0!+;K)X^T_2F\/W6B+XQ$VFVBOXIMX!K?FV%N&O]]K%Y??


E`'YS?L$:YHGB']NC_@LMJN@

M[R22WN5C=H9'


M3I-YX/T_QOV5X/_`&D_$GQL_;)^,?A#QY_P4UTW]DGX\?`;_@HWX.\)_/]


G@OP=+XETSQG+X3\
R^


M;J*RGE1))8&=00`?D;_`
%RKJUM
M_P!E/X#0SW





=]=)(LEXEP5E
ZR

MV0OB=\


M\`_L8:RGQIU3XB?&G]DW3;_PQHWPK\

MXW^



]?^%7Q*^'UI=-\08_7[1G[*'B;Q79ZC^R%\5_V<GO?#_PU\
7

MO[._CK_@D#\7O$/Q
TCX'_MM?$+1X;WQS\/]/^#YAUK4?'
?C;7?$FA^*/A[

=&_:9^-O
M[17QQ_;/_8O_`&OK+XH?#3XK?M#:]K?PY^-7COX,_LU6OQ^%'A_3OA/`/\`




-S;VK12/&UO#
M*D)C=T*;6()HOPV^'?AO0[CPSX=\`^]`\-WFLMXBN_#VB^%M#TK0[KQ`^H6
M^K-KMQI-C8P6$^LMJEG::DVIRV[7IUUM[PSFX@BD4`[2BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*@NK6VOK:XLKVW@N[.[@FM;NT


MP2R\
_'_`.&W[/WQ!^!GQ)^'G_!2/XZOJ/\`P4A^'^E_#F70/@7\&OA]_P`%
M2/'_`(8\1:Y\5-&^'/B[Q!^TGX^^%C\&+?7/@9%\*D^7C#P;;6?A4)K^AZ





\;_M%^#/
MA+X5A\7_``0\&?!Y?#!M[..PU?5_`7@S1/&/C3XA^%;KQ3XW\2ZK!I7@S_A!
MM%T/X@^




MO%_@?6+C2[GP
?`WB/P1XF_MD?$C0=9T;5?#4?MN?\`!4S]HC]A7X2:_P#%
M+XO_`+)7PY&H_#OX51?%OQM\/O`O[1FL_%'5?%VD+\;_`!#\-]?TSX:W?AOX
M&Z?XOT72/`7PTM/!?Q?\:?%KXQ_SX=?BUUGXC^&?@WIOB*^\0V_B/Q/H/8
MZE_P2F^)7C+]G;4/@!\8/^C7[5/QN5/%_P(U7P?XU^(WAKX'/J?@?PA^SG\






M@IX`_;0U[]B_XM_$'3M871[[P7=^`=1;PC\6_CI;7VKVMKX:U;P9\
?B29/#


M@;P/^T=XN_:




D6=IX1\.2ZUJ?PK\-:K=/<#0





*3U3QQJTGPF^#O@'PQ\:/^%96GA#PW




T\1^(M6TW7;R[\


+OAIX

MX


M@M_&P^)G@WQ&'L_%WPWUYL_#7BS0KO1+[0]3\/ZUI?C*+YR_P"B'[)'Q7U
M7]N[]FW]K/\`8/N_!_PU_;9^'?[.W[4WCG6;[TK2-#\(_MK^$O`?B[]D3PE


ME]5:U\#CK7[1/@+]H=_BI\2K&X^'WPT^(?POT_X46-O\+O\`A5VL:3\3=8\#
M:_XFUG7)K[X97WQ5;Q!_:OPU\#W.GR:/\4='T6T&@K`VB30:EK
6I`'\]%M_

L?BC2]!^'NI#


M/@\S3ZOI_P!`^-/^87[)OC?6/V^]8O/VM:(_\`P4I^$O@#X3?M0V/A?4[#




M2+






M^)]'\


:O_P3



MGX

M--.\.6GBI;/XH^*]=\1WGC?3OAEJOPVT_4-%\1:MX'LK73O`#VOA6T`/FG_@
MA'XPUSQY_P`$W/AAXFDM?&%I\
K_`.*'[20_9HC\?7MWJ'B^/]E.#]H3XDQ?


M\/:%X3\+:/IOAWPQX7T;2_#OASP_HUG!IVD:'H.B6
&FZ1H^E:?:I';6.FZ9

M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH



MGB[Z)_8+_PF/@GXP:UXZ^`W[0WQO\`@]/^U/H?[:W[:/[
OAWPIX%\/:SX

M^\0:1%KFE6L^J&Q_P2M_8DT/X_N7Q5\:/V1?AO\+?VJ]/^.G[8'B@?%R^\
M

\;1Z!J=U86NE:GKGA5]7TC4=



MQ\9?'MY\
OAO\1[3Q!XT@\*:AX^TO3)=`\6Z%9^-OA[I'B2V\(:K\1?A;X@\



/$M]X;L?&*7^EZX



MY\0P6Q\ROR$F_P4W[8?PL_98_;9_9^\

M@\/^.=1^!G['GQ^\`_'?2?V=OB=XXFT6ZA3QKX=TWP7JWPK\'_$75[2\T;6=








M*^N?C/\`9C_X)_?%CX`_&OX@:'XM_8^_8F^-OA;3OVM_C1^UO\+OVZ_'I\/:
MY^T\NE_&'XH^
_C)%X(F\&ZE\)4\13_M#^#M=\8:[\.]&^
(%\(ZA
MX6\/W?BGQ+H]]X=76M*@OK/Q+
#/$I.N_'K]J_XK?!?3[6]^-5AX-.K:EHW@SP%


MI


MXN^`7[-WQH^



M5?BA\4_BJGQ
\+^-KM=1\6VD]SX=U67P?J5CJN@:+=Z)/H_B77?IOP9^RQXZ
M_9-NOCI\6_@?\1?VFOVN/B+\6_$FAZI%\'?VMOVT?'NH?GP3I=SXUOM3\2V
MOP877?!GC_1?A@NF:)XBU*71]`M/#7V'6[?PSX8\'3:_X8TT/K-M'\-/A!\:
M?@C%^U3^T/X-^#GPSUWX]?M3_%WX9_$W7?@5!\6Y_'@_0=
\*_#+X5?!G4$




M&FVG!'_@FMX1^-5I\?O$OQW;Q?\`!_Q-^T3^TM\
/VG=0\._LM?'/Q_\-=6\

MNP&O7/@I?'GBWPW]E/\`X(UI\&_`?[6/@'Q_^U'^V4EM\=OVO_$WQR\'^*/A



M\







M_#*^.D_$3P)=Z%\0?#\6LZ[H


M\-O'WQG^



M3N5TS[.+^.:WC_1^@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH






MGPI\6?M




S(ADM;F)RJEL#KJ_C!_PE_Q3







MOA)XGOO!7CF338/AO\2?B9IK:/I?BW2M6T.]O\`5+?4IM-GO\`3[.XT:XT

MT34OQ__`.%OQY^W@/]CQ\.^*_C5X5OM7^




MQ)8?L]W_`.UO\


OA9XH3Q/\1]1U+Q[XT_P(7BKQ


\









M;




/[+/P
\*:%XCMX3#X9T;QS\



/#MT(KV(`\NA_

M1:N+^^MM8MO%+ZQ;:OI]Y=:9J4-UIUQ+:NJ_\$F/^8TLD4^M?L$?LG^-;J
,E]<12
MWL,,\?H;^*?VV?AAX:)\0_SX3?M23Z'8:I<7FM?#QM-\?B/XQEBO3_8FF

M8)_^&@-!^
G[(=]ID3R^))_VH/A1XF\`_#7PNT=P+62+4_VFM#B\7_LCZB5G
M)Q-X7^/_`(AM)+=1J$5S)ITL%W*`:OA__@FW_P`$[/;%OO[!'[%OAIFM$L
M&;P_^RU\#=&8V


MP^)/A=\0_`WQ)\.W%O:7=OKW@'Q;H'C'19[74(FGL+F'5/#VH:C8RV][`K36


MO;3]HOP5\/\`QEJWA/7I+WP3X9LM8T%?`H!ZY^T1_P`$S/\`@@]\+M/7QG^T
M!^RW^P3^SW93W&GW.F^)I]-^'G[-4D6H:!-%JEA+X4U7PCJ'P\NK+689M-2?



M:A?075O:R6NCV=]J
K_9+VX-O9S)9V-[=M!:S`'G_P#P4`^
/BWX_LH?$3X
MH^#O%^G?#:[T3Q!\'](\2_%?5=*L-=L?@Q\,/&WQK^'7@7XR?'71M7L-4T3







MBMK/@_3_``3XJOU




%&?B/\2_VFOAG^

M.F2?EG_`,%H_%/[%WBK]@G]K#P3^Q;\5OCMX.\_M8_$WX0^/OV@OAII'[)
M7QXN?V4O#&N2_M*?`KQ5\2OVK_%WC_Q#\#=-D_9[O8K72-$N_&#^'?&MQX4^



MQ!C\=_$;P?X&^+?A'P;J'QQ^%S^!O%.E?\(-X=^

MU]\7:YXO_::_9S_`&Y=5N/AS\.?A]\4-&^$W[)WP[E^&GPZU7X_%SP)XX\



^)O#OBS

M%XWT/XA_\*%^




M_LZ?LR_LL:'\:M\36_PXO/$'QCL?/[-GC7XB^(/B1H/B/QE_POG4+ZZ_:H




MXH\




M


MW$6_9-%'(K(OC7[17Q/_`.4_PUAX!?X;?'_P#:!_8W^(?AJ*_M]:T.:^_:

MEFCD`/6=(E_X*%^%=.FBUZQ_8S^/&KF\ND@OM(U7XW_LEZ='8!X%LKF;2KS1








-

C$'QO3/@+\19OVF?$OQP\=_M%^
?'?POL[+3F^!_[-$W@







+9[F&*=HC+&CC1HHH`*\J^-$4(^
M'^KZG??'#7?V=]'\/;=?U_XI:'/\);/^Q-%TZ*9KY-8U#XU^!/B'X$TW0I%D
!]3^*6EKKGPR_PF'QS


7WQ!_:7^)EC\

MG`/8_B'_`
$B/@;\5-=_X2[QM\3_`(@7_CI;6WLH/B1I?P1_8!\*_%*RL[.\
MFU&RM=


M@CQS\
_%.G:AX9FCM(;6700T.F):*MO:VUND4'E5_P!J[_@I=^V-^S]X._X*

M5K\9_P#A+O!WCOX9^(M-^(EGJMS'\5/$N@^(X-!T/4;&PTB37;S3]`]E^/G[
M;7[4?[+/B[1/@1\5?'G[
#?$6#]C+]I+]IVR^-_B#X1?$?P)\
?V@/B#\(?B
M7I.F:!\`_A+\

M)+BU@`/
OB;_`










MW\

M:0\5_M@?M$_\$




M^7(C'YT_X*+7GCBP_;/_`.-]W\-_#OA3Q7XTB_:L_:;_L;0/&_C+5_A_P%






M@#]!]+_9-_X*5PZGK





_$W_!


M*RURXOK;PYXAFL;*76M'BLM2DM+9[DPH`?FO^SC_`



OC]?V6_V?]0T+X&_![XG_

M/QO_`&=_@[^SW\-_%OQI^.7[8_Q\`_#OPE!%?\`B7Q;X@^G_!/V9%GU&_M
M].TVPLK.R_88OM9\0^)/$6M7UEHOASPWH5AJGB3Q3XAU'3]#T'3-3UG4;.RG


_%7C?Q;KP!^OOA+_@G3XB_::EG\9_$O7==
M^%OP@U30=0L/`GA?XF_LI_\`!/#6OVH+NVUZVN9IO&7B![S]BBW\
_`.^_M6






M=X#^)?C3P]JOPODO/#W_``0.NO\`@IAHNF^(/A[J&I:7:?'_`




MM7TS2(-;N[&&PN+^]@MH)Y)'P/5:_E*^&GQ+_:=_;%_X*1?L&?'3X0?$#X7?

M.WG\6:SIL&G:MK/B;6!;^#H]2@72YM;O].UG2/3/V9_^I'_``4._;YT+Q?X
M4_9O^%'P9\_'OX+?LS_``:^(/BRQ\;Q7=I\

M;/Q]8?LSW\GP8M!I6J^$M:U7Q_9V_C:]:[\13W_AK3;3Q(`?TTUYK\3?C+\)

MV;:SX@UK5]2T_3-*T;3%NM1O[Z]MK6UMI9IHT;\S?V:OC_\`MP_'C]M_]HSX


M2_'#P]X;MM.\



MO@MI7B(^%]:N[674M`.OZ6B:;K1TFYM#JE@BV=]Y]NHC&E_P6(_9^/Q2_8=_

M/#TGQ8^*GPX^&$?BW5CH'A5_B)XX\


MB7^T%\!/@OK'@;P]\8OC=\(?A/K_`

?#30_B7\2O!G@36/B'XEFFM[


UK]9

N=%URUTOQ-I%GK5A;ZSH]X

MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B




?Q`\
M/1?LV?'2+Q/KWC2+XF_LH:C::R=7_9SUF+Q1XI\2ZK'H_P`
;_0O!ZKK^M:6

M/VF?VA[#XT^-9_C/8Z/IWQELOC#\:M.^)EI\4?BWH_Q5L_#7A33_`!MH_CGQ




E^$O%7PP\<^`=6\*^%-*TKX
MQ?%47_@_0;BQ\


MM(^



*;;0=3GNY%O]'N80D2_I
M?10!_/K_`

M1U?Q8GBS6[74=4\0:A'/K&N:I/\`?/A7_@F=^QHOA)[2U\&^)KK3/&?[%G@+

M0M=%\5Q-XU\6-/X@N9O$&IS7/WKXG\
'4-)T/P!^U
M1\1-)LQX7^$'QB^'WA_0]/T[6?BI\1?^$-^%7QGTZX\/^*M(\46'Q*USQ7\-
M_#@!Z;IO_!,W]D[2X_!VEP:%\4;[P3X,B^D<'PP\2?'WXW^
OACXDE_9MO]





MS^+_``IKUP5TK2A'-&--L?L_Y9:?^S=\#OV0?^I_P`1_&,OPN\(V_PY_P"
MP/@34O`_B?6K?3;P6G_#4'PD\)Z]XK\6?#[QKI1D_P$2E\
?M%?!FT\7^/=






;']G3

7VDZ



MZIX@^%'C32Y_%GPA\97WPS\2^%;GQ?\+_$%SHFD7EWX-U^2^TJTOK.^TB/



M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%9VL:OIV

ZQQO(50A$9
ML`@&C17YH?LW?\%`O%'[1VA_LF_%C0?V?HK?]G/]M76O$]E\'/B7X?\`C-X8

?B



M#OQO^+%UX]TG6]/NM&\+3_![Q-^S)HMCX0U.QMTGFEU3Q[H_[2EAXLT.[6[M





M-:TZSFO[B]CM8KJ_T?4+






MM/%/A!+3XD:7'/I&N:+IMSV_[)7[3'Q[^+6L?M-?#;]H?]GKP]\+?B[^S)XX



MO%I
_B9=)U%O#L.OSWEKH4VNBSF.D1:U=:=;7FH6VDR:@+=-1GL;2ZO(;
S2
M6UM/.J1


MX




M7PQXR\5ZWX/MIK+XW?&OP!\#-/U#3]3T3PSXGE:ZT3Q#\2=&UV\@N;2*&?1M
M


M?4X=/D\/^._$&@7EWK^F@'[Z45YMXF^
OP@\%^




MS5?`/QJ^



_%6\\9^%/!]_P##O3O$'B_5OVC],US3=(\-?^XC\31

D'[3'[/T_P

KW




;I(+_[''QOU7]IK]D3



M'.K7-Y&K7%W+#-=PW/5Z!\%?VXO!-H^F:'^W'X
^)]KYI:+7/VE/V1O#'BSQ
MH(C'$@BFO_V:_BS^R+X+E8/&9?
B^'UOEI[A2FS[
MM]OT4`?`-MH/\`P5
F
M_L:[^*W[`.G_PGNOB#5;;]G_\`:*UC_B62SVHCET;P_+^TOH?^GV%L+R1X


MA#^UOC#I?P^T'Q;;6OBVP^'4.MV&CW.E?I#10`4444`%%?F%=?M;_M%^
?V\
M/VCOV+?A3X2^MG)\!OV?/@W\?=*\8?$*\\=.GC^3XQ:_P.?#NG?#W4+?PW


H;[XF?%/P;XCT_P?XO^&GP_




MB']K'Q#^T[IGP?\`@?\`##X!?'OQ1X\$?&&U^*C7/PS\8_VR31DT3Q+XK\

MZ*X#X9?%CX6?&KPE:^/_`(-_$KP!\6O`E]?ZOI=EXU^&7C+P[X\\)7FI^']3

ML^_%G7O%OA;X5_'7X.?$SQ/X!:5/'7ASX?\`Q.\$^


M9#^$7Q-_9J^+OPBG_8J^)_[1_B'Q5\+?B7IGC_XB^#/'G@+XT_!#X=:?X?\`


46HWEQX=N[I;^ST[3[J.[



M/KJ%-*8-HZ-J8S9*9QUO@WQMX



M1?#2V^+/B2P^
NH?&'P?:^
=4\00:[X&7PIJ





-0M])\):5+\:OAM'J7BG5+SQ?#\/K


M4\2^

GSU\=_V^-(
M\#^-?V&&^U_\$_C5\%/VJOVD[SX`^._BOX?^+MAK?#]I_@A\6?C+X8USPU

M_PC/[%WP+?]G0^._VA?A5%9_M5?$*7X=?!;6-


M/OV)_@9X.^+OP_\``GA#XCZEXE^/WP(^!L_AGQCX@UKPI8PM\=OB3H/PQTSQ


M+%GUSPS:^+-1L_&1;P_\0O#O@+1KC1GC\0_$WPI=^#I

M';X(33_$BVA^

MU*26;Q.NEQQII]\SL%M+@QR1_'#X+2^+_#/P^B^+_P`+I/'OC7P]9^+O!O@B
M/Q_X3?Q?XM\*:A#=W-AXG\

M+_\`P3JL?VC_`-FWPW^UG\1K_6OV[?\`@FO\2/`_Q
T;X*_!'2M7^/CGQQX
M_P#B)!\+OB9X/TK5OV8OB+X-^+]G\/O`VFZMX8U_0OAI\0X]7T?P?X)T'6O







M[27AF%_C]'XL_9R\5_#;XWC/\&WM?'GQ%T34_/Q+UG0M9\/7/B32=1U^2/


MOV.O@=^U=^QM^U[_`

MU'X#^$B:%9?\*@\%?#?7_$^IW3_!S3[:_P#!

'-!U&]UOP)J]W
MX9\+:%X)M?DNO\`U#KW[=/[+GAWQ1^TOX







M14TO4(M`\7Z?I_Z`?!3XS?#7]HGX1_#CX[?!SQ)_PF'PJ^+?@_0_'WP^\4_V

M/3Z`/P=_82N_VSOV2[+_`(*(^
?VV?AO\3_V@O'GAC]H'X!^!_`?C?\`9_\`


?@I\=OCGI=W\1/`W@SQ)H


^!'[-/QR^

_AWH/C;QIXG73_#V
MG_$;X(^(/%W@;PWXAL/ALWC/Q
+S6X_`?C77=7NO`/A_^P3Y7Q1_X))6?[0?




_\%(?V2_&7[/_`,&?AWXG\/\`QR^`<_Q]_;4O_B3\$O&=_P#

MSKXX\(P^`/7[/?P#_:;^''C7P'^RG^QC\#+3]G3XH?#^^_:Q_9*_:7^?P\




M4QK-I%XTUY?%FE:]XQD^%_*?%O\`9NCN/&/_``5^^*NC_L1_$F/QSXZ_;E_X
M)V_%OX+:IIG[+VMZAXU\4Z+\-+3]D75/C;K_`





M$KX


/V8/VN=.^)?[2'QFNOAO\`$&3P
M!JGP\M-






M1RNEP;1[=[FUN'DMHON:B@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`_GE^(7[/-IXO_X*



OV@?AS^R[H_B/X;:W\??@Y^P#XC\

M+/BCK'PK\4SZ=XK\#?%#Q+^T/\+O$6I-\)?B+X_L]-\-^)]+_M?X2_%?2O[8


M[:%()]/@\4:;K=CIFIVECK.GVMKJ]A97T'T70!_/#\&/V%?!/A;]M_\`89DO
_B)X4^//PXUG6Y8--N/$7P


OB=\


M:W[*O[

^T/QYL(='\8?L]ZQXY^)?P8O?'BCP!J



Z#'X.N/$O@KPSX#\(7OP?USQQX[E\6-XI\1Z#H7
M@+PG8P3^

'QT_9K^$_P``OVWO!GQ'U_Q3\-OV




M







/AW%-J_A_P`07E[\$]7\7IHC6B_#6\N/

2_




^)?PC\
M6^!?B)X4UXT#Q!K6BW\GA_Q3IR:EI6IW=AJ7-M*8J\SC\7?LL_L*:Y\`_@

MA=^-[SP1X4FFTO5_C5\2G\7^
-(\+ZA!X:DUVR\'ZTNB@'X%^`?AM\1/`^E^

M??!KP=\6]






M`


:31.H`/2J*^;/B
MG^UM\#O@]X]C^%OBW5O'NK_$4^`7^*5YX
^%GP0^./QT\0Z%\/3K-YX=LO%O

&J^-=/GU7PGX:^%O
MPO\`#7AS5OBE\0?&7B#3+2\U#3/!/A+P9J_BZYL[&^N$T7RK*Z:$`^J**^?/

?B1\.OAOXIUFZ^(?P?TWP'J_P`4?A_XN^'GQ)^%_CGP'IOQ

M]4OKAEBMK.RLX)9I78EB%V1J\C*C`'745\2_!7_@HS^Q=^T!X%^-_P`1_AU\

M&ZWX1L[_`

\6?!_PA?Z#JOBG2?&/Q(\!_&CPQX!




M\^`WQ3\;_P#!



M?'J^O[G[/:106L'GW4\LODVT$-O%OV0Q1QJJ+^NFK?\`!/C]BK7==^/7B;5_





FTZQ^(/PH\'V-GI7A7X;^)=-TZZM-.OO`_A[1K&/0M'\
&U71]





M`SXU_$_X[?#?P?H?A/QA\4?`'PA^%NMIX;T33=$M[KP1\#_#$7A7X?V_B&\M

M\



/[2?PJU#QE`VDVUC81ZUXIT#P7H)M+&]TBSL[K]TK']CK]DK3O
MAYI?PEM?V8OV?Q\



+`_LG_`(2S^R?L7^B?


MU?0[N:;2]2O;68`_EG\:_$W]L.^_X*6?\$N?B7^T'_P3:^-7P\^+?C3]L;]H






M4_8X\%?%+0==;Q1H?Q*\)?LQ?!/PWX_T;Q




M^
)T6RUXBS\
W]I+XDUC6[L7UTV@ZUH^I7E@]A_45/\`LS?LWW7QHM_VD+G]
MGWX(W'[0]G9G3[3X]3_CP'+\:+6P.C#PZ;&W^*,F@MXX@LSX?5=-M%KJPG

_V4;RQ^-&HC6/C%97?[._PAN+3XL:L

M)/\`@IM_P40TJ'Q%XN\)SM_P;;WFH6WB'P)XDU+PCXKTRZT7]J+]I76K672?











M9[35KRZN;O4[:73&AO[FYGGNDEEFD=@#^)'^P_VA/^(/+^U/^%G_``:_X5'_
M`







MT\:_M?VO_!$#]KCXD_&K7E^(OQ
_X*G?&W1/'/[

M@F9_ZNXUEWO[0_[0GPY_X*5^%O!7QI^)OC:Y_9M^-?[2^M_#?]F?Q5\'4^$_






MN65M86EK;Z3!K/AV\_?FS_81_8?T[0?`OA73_P!C7]E2Q\
?_QEJ7Q%^&?A
MRS_9X^$5KH/P[^(.LRZ?/K'CKP+H\'A!-/\`/C+59])TJ;4O$^@6^GZW?2Z







M4?B'X`:1#!X`%JUQ?Z]X:B=M)2\M!JLEK_2)\0?V8_V;/BWXC_X3#XJ_L]_`

/B)\(]*_L$Z+\./%?@

]F%``!JV





M-^$M#\(?#V+2;K0K3P?X)L8_!.A:9H]\9VN]/T:R\*#1X]%MYVN;EY%TG[$2
M]Q





OPN^'
M_P`7]
&B_%KP-\.O@-\+/!/@[XHZ





'?V,/BSXB^*7A\_9<^#GAW2V\?ZC


M-TSP1X7\+?I[\



M_:J\`_LPQ^



?`V'QU\&?A=
M%I/B;X_?&'P/\
7RK/]

MC_VX/B+XF^%7QR^
'_!-?_@F_H_PHTKQ@G[-7Q7\%^&;/QWXH\4_#K1?C1\;
M/CE\1='L_'/@SXC_`!@^'WP9^%WC/PQ?^$/A[X?UK_A6VK:7I/C7QYJMCXZU



M7WP3^'7B[XU^#?&_Q@\7?LJ?#+X6:O?0^'8/@E\8_@MHOBZV^7AGP3^T+XR
MF\/_``CT[X@Z]\,KW7_#WCWXGVGQU?Q]#=^&-`MEYS_`(*6?L+?!O7M=T+Q

MWP_X1\4_$JUN+[4/%?@(^//!GA_5Y]+M/#OACQ%?Z=;W?AS7_%FNZ)J5[:2^



M`







:3\<]4^//C6R_


.H?%#XNZ'XS^'




M

!XX\6^



M3G_!4'_@I+^SCXB^(WPD^&VC_ML?`?X7:!^S=^W_`/\`!-;4_B7X0NOCU\/O

3_@F_??












[

$^%?[9'A#X0_#KQ!^V=IW@K]K*S_9=^!NF?#;6






.I:K\&M-N;


/Q@UCQA^U7^S%XLGLK;P\-?T;6-:^$G@K]G+5_$_QF^
OB71

M`

-(^'UK\4Y/`/BPZ/8



M%+&_L]\.Z=IGA_2]-TRT^M?V=_^9?P]^`7BC]E379OBK\1/B7IO[#?P?\`
M'WP*_98TGQ=I'PZL-0\%_#SXB67A?0=5M?&7BSPQX.T;Q%X^U/1?!W@GPQX-




MMN_##]I/]EWX(?%W]A;XL?#G]MGP3\-?VX?A)I/QG_92^$OCG4]3UC]LC05\
M(^
-7U+]FGPW!X
L-9O_`!;XMLH;G1?C5+\/-5TZ\\':[X9^'6JZEXZL[_PS

-8\/:Y$(M)\2VZIIMWH'B
MC1;BQ)G`/YZ_V.O'*?M`?#S_`()





M;V5E;P6EG:00VMI:6L

M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@

_LJ0^'M`\)7&L^.[_X0Z;?V?A:?XM7N

M@'XJ77A+P5\




M/AK\









&DZMWG




\`:EX`\


M+XA:1JFI6MW;`'[



MPO-+UG2[&^MI8$_#+PG_`

M!O@)X5^`WA;X


M/_@G;XW\6?LK:W=6_PRY_P15UC]A_XEWFB_$_XS:GJ/QW\.:I^SYXBT#PY

M33M-L;=`$@M+*VAMX5&V.-1Q6Y110`4444`%%%%`!7@_Q`_9=_9V^*?B#4O%



M7FD:F3?Z?-;W1\VO7:**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB












M^)?^IG[,_\`P22_9G\03?+6/'GP@\3?M
?M-_M(VWA+P[XS\7_``Y^#^BQ




M
_V6KK]I'XC?$GXCW^F?MQW'[1O[


ME`'ZFT5_*U_P2'_X+


/V
MH_VD/@S\'I?AK\-/V?8OAOX;LOV?_#G@#7=!TR#2/B5\&O&.I^*1XX\0?$NX

M+P%\







_



M8U'Q-'K.J7
MU93V-K:@']/M%?R
&K'6/#

MHXKSPQI^L:5=:MI_B*UO;8`_5BBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBOXO?&'[?7C[P9^WO_P`%SO@W\?/^GWC_P#9=^&O[)OP
M^^'GB[]D[U7Q=\'8-1T+X@^(?AV/'EYH/ASP;XZ\':A)\=?MGB)].TF'X8R
MV6O:KJFD:DGAW17T[4K_`$[4[8`_MHK^)?]O[_@H1_P4K\&_P#!NG^Q/_P4


MU9_P42\+?MN?&O\`:^_8J^`GP8_::T/7/!'Q.\4?;Q-'KWQ=_9N\2:?=+XL
M^/CSX=_#7P?8:OH7C:+0?'/P^276]1U/3Y-97PUJ_AQM4TG7)YM.`/W9HK^
M??\`X)9#]LW_`(*!_L


^$-II^F:)I

MK\;]4^(OA;QU\$OC-^S?\4/$)^'4GQ





6K_!#4?A/:?`C







M?#
NL3ZQ_P`('K5UI7Q)T9;/4O$W@[5-'MM.%EK]]/XC_P`%1?\`@JA^UW8_

MTWXS^%OASX!^`7C'P%X!_9G_`&A?`7Q'^)]O\/?#6H_&#X/^





^`/A9\%M#\9?%SQJ(M%O+77=)_9^^*\VBZ%JLL5O


MF;X':E=_#;4=%L=&U?X4^(_&?Q?T?XEZ7'X&U?1;?PA\/]#_`.$3MK;Q1--;

M_!

M6F7[_P!!U%`'XP:?_P`$E?!/PX_X+$6O_!3'X
V'A7PKX;^+_P``?BS\.OVJ


O%^E/\'OB)X6




\*_'SP9^TY:2Z]^TYKNO_`+.7PU^/\WB#3=9^*/BWX96&




MMO?6T-GJO[[44`?Q$?!#_@WO_;A_9X_9!_88^*?P('P


M?'7Q`\7ZMXTN?B;KMW+X2LM*\/7.N:SX2L]6OM-T'09KW]7?A3X7_:O^%OQ&
MUC2?A7^RO\*_@Y^SA#H'QQ^

MD^`K?PQ\'/AVAN_''C#Q#XRL]4\3ZEJ_B!M'T[_A%M.M5U.[US].Z*`/Y]_A
MG_P1PMX/VK/V`?V^/&^FZ5H/Q;_97_86L?V?/C!\'-#\01:AH/QE^+7PFT?P
MAHWP#\1:CK






/AI




M]L?XH_\`!9G]BG_@I5\'[/\`9FU;X7_LA?!CXI?#:7P#\2OC7\4_`'CWX@:O

KWX7Z;KGC37
MM.\*V'B'2](BTR37W_?^B@#^9[]I[_@A_P#$;PK^U5_P3C_:[_X)K:KHO@#X

MH?$?P_IMKH(^'WAS3K3QG?7%[X3UV:6R70OL#_@K!^PI^T]^VI\4_P#@G#XI

M`#]FWX/?L]:A\?#6J?/]K3X;?M+^+-8^
WQ^('A6PN;+X=^OB3X77PCX
M=A\$?!GXEW&H76LW'Q#^U'6-2&B1:=#I&P:=?OJ'^A?7'P#^$O[5O@'XYP02
M?#;]EW]G_P#90GM_C7\4/''A/X/_`!F^)'QA^(_Q3_:2^+/B[PYK%OJ^H6/C

-2\/RSZ+;P1ZC?#]$J*`/C7XC



C]G7_YXU?8







M-1_P]B_X)9?])+/V`/\`Q




M;P1I#!!!@CBAABC58XHHHU5(XT541%JH4`5+0!_*/^T[_P1F_X*5?M6_\`
M!(;X*?\`!
;XJ_'_`/9A\2^-O@K\3O!VJVG[2FK:_P#%ZYU'Q=\*/AQI'C+2
M_`?AC7/!I^&C30^
F?`_]I?XB

OBUX-^

M^5AXF\/6^BV,EAX?OK.\U/4/%?VE_\`@E9^U%\6/^R'[+7_!3[0M8_9W\=


MW7^VK_P3K_:B_8HUSQM^S#\/9/C9XY^F@?#0]#\4?%O7/AK^SU^SE\!=6^



M%'@;X7_M*_$SP;\0?BMIG@SX1+\#M/TV3Q*EQ\/_``/J/AN^U_XEWFB)XM\%
M^'=7U31;K2/[4T__I-HH`_GITG_`()M_MW?#/\`X*??\%%?^BOP?\`%/[+

M'7@F/3=)\(W.J?!?Q!*WCJ\A7X?^




MO^DEG[`'_B9'[.O_`
\:OL#_`(51\+?^B:^`/_-\.__`NH_P%4?W_HFO


M^



M273WJW-G900);6MPMY))=K-!&D@NI'N`PE9G.Q0!^6GCS]EK]HW]IAM6^%_[
M5_A+]F[7?@I\8?V#?$O[-O[0'B?P%\2?B

Y6'B7Q)\.?AKK?P6L-


E:9=7ME%,MM=7.G6$\\<DMG;M'H4`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1144\\%K!
M-=74T5M;6T4D]Q<3R)#!!!C22S32R



M/[?UG3M&_M_Q5K/G?V1X:T7^T;FV_M7Q!JOV:X_LW1K'S]1OO(F^RVTOE/MZ


M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHJ


M/'^E:/\``GX8?$[3_!.D?$S]ED^&/$7PC^&WP#_:(U_5;G2/VG(/B3X+\2/X





M;OA[_P`3KQ#HW_/_$_P%_:/_)^)_\`BG]6TK^U?[*_M6__`.)+K?\`:7AZ

MGAZS\0ZEX4\:7WA/5(M%M]%\'^.X]%\/?H1_P5:^*/Q2_8O_`.7G[5_Q=^

M`
3^&_B'\6_#7QX^)FN1_'+XV^#OB)\3?C!X+O\`PKJ7@OQUX^^)/PZ^('@W
MQOXCO?!5UX#\!_\`#Z-=ZW_`,(MX(M/`?@73?.@Z)IO@WPS9Z7]4^-?ACX


M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
(@`HHHH`__]D_
`
end








begin 644 v334147_ex10-15x5x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB



M#MO%GA_1+N!FU[5-)U[4-)N!;1
(].TB]\.PZO$;QB)8/-N=7T:0VR96Z\CS
M&4M:ICJJ`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB


M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!YSK=KITWQ%\'74TA_
MM*PTG7ELHA/*O[G4&LTN7^SKITT4P_T./=))J5F8@GRPW&X[?1JJ26%C+=PW
M\EI;O?6\;0P7;Q(UQ#$Y+/''
071&))958`GJ#5N@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB




MOB






M6/VH/'VI?SQ#\5_6G?$/XA_M+?%OX6_LX^%M/\*^.-!U7Q9\//`'A'P=XD



%]XL\7













$P
M=)T/]G/QM:?&3Q!J'PU_:*^
_P`2?@KI/Q`N?A1\7M$TKPKKGPO^''A3QWK^

M4^H_\%5_@_X=^






M]\/I_B?+\2'U*WCT'2O!MAI
FM:OJ.M3AW_LR?0K.Z36[YWNF7EI=65Q`
MMUT5`'OE%?F9IO_``6._P9^K?#/4OBWIW[77PNO/!^EZSXO\`#T@M+W4+


A%G?S3ZC&1+](?!K]KG]F7
M]H71OB#XA^OQO\`AU\1]^%.J?V-\1M6\











MM=

M4]+\!7VN7[Z5HUEXPO;/79H/#MWJNI126&G6VK/:3W=Y&]M!&\RL@%J^57OM

MK5-0?2+^UOTLWO=/MM5LUGDM998U-UIMY:7\&&826MS#
I*R*3X[X;_;#_9:


M0;HQBTUJ+QC%?/X?DTFZ
T/V?44U!K2;SHA%*Y==TJ[V4OG&4?NYDKOR6HSU

V$7C/Q9X*O_!6
MC7O@KQ+;F-[3P-;R:UXKGL8M4UF^C
ZV3P1O'.2GSG^TG_P69\9??XS^#/












/VG/VB/A-\'O&





T*L`?.O[-
M7_!(_P#:B_9H\











M
MY4BLT-U:^T:Y_P6K_9V\/^`OBGXKOO@A^V`?%WPN^/P_9Y'P7?]G_7;+XS














OP5\._##



M??`;P_\`7]H;QU^SI\0K[X?ZM^SKHOB+X@_#;7_`(#_``XT_P&5Z?AGXQO
M=9'A;1H_''AV/7;.\GU#P1JMYH0\3ZSJ.@3Z?K5Q_:*_&Q_X(1?%:V_8[MOV


MIR:9J

MV




M

M

&I7WP/\`VN/A[^QEXNM]/\(12F?X



MH=/\3ZKIJZOIVK^*/%'B(E9+Q[:O;_A?_P`%P_V?/@#^PY^Q?\1/VO\`Q;XQ

MC^&IOA+XYTOX?^+-+FDCU07JZFVKZS8:AHD5S8VMOKF@//JUA=216=XD`!8_







M_H-C\0?`^NW/A;QAX/\`VX=^/VA^!O#_C'0_#VIZ:U]9^K'X[:EI/BW1;6
MXL]+US1--6TTL:5(\
L-?X'_`/!


M

MV7^UMXS\':7\0_B5;^&M5\







?#5_H_QO\








MRTGPQX8TGQ[^S=XA\

?@O\
/C1I.A:[X

^&=AX5T7QQ#I


-5\`_$?]


\8V.B:QKNNSZQ
:%=V5S?)+X8MKG7-2N[11Y_5&A_\%Q?V+_%5C:7
M?ARV^

\6O(U
MW:VX0_VCH0?6;2YLXIGC`/YL/VP_P#@E+^W+\/@9\2OVB/V@O%'P0\7^+?

B


?VNXM;U?]F;3/#7[4WQ+^-WBVZ^
X^'6JZY^T'X8\*?%?
MQ9XL^(^G^![*XU6
^'H+G0O'OB59CXOL;BUU@^%X&\.J]Q:[%K5U'_@C/^UY

7@1PD





.E^++&RT^_BBU=+O5=*O)-/NX[:
R&W2X`

+]NSX-_%#X9


'[8WQ5^
7


M]MN?&7AN7X9:8ECHVI+9Z=K






M)*SB]&FUIWW5QJW5VV_'OJC@?AS_`


U._L/!;Z%


M+?F5]')/=I;Z






M0DOKS?\`L_#_`



#PO;7









MT'XQ:#\3'TN#3'NIM1M;.?3=*G\/HRS2






M#W'Q!*6MM\-;K2]+M?$5[X9U/_A$]2T.[7598M6G?65L!LM5\M^-'_!%+]M;



M?!C4?$'Q&_8H_9F^#/PE.K:SX+@UW1/BQX
CM(?BUK:^);:RDUPU&6[U5K
M+7OMF=8
45J9V18=G]!O[







W_``F-U;6WDZI;
*['2H/#ESJ&GI
MHGB_POXEO;S6O#/B*QN5@DGO;BS\2:=KNF+;V46+\'/V#[WX&?M?`;XI^#?

MR@M-6TO_`(0N]M[IFFELI].5DBC_`#G_`.M_PW+XZ_95_;3_95\%O\=OC+


M@)H^JZ]=7[:5;6%G;Q6K`'Z:?$/]@_PO\0/B=\5OB:_Q(\::!??%OXJ_L9?%



M^TSH?[.'[7GCOX0?#_X]?$[2?BQX
\#2^!-!\;0?`;Q1JVJ^(?$OQH'@+6M?

MYI4TGA'X\:_8ZKJ$GB5/&$D\FIZKH]K\1-;OO'UKH]S!&8[F&QTB2YGLXY9)


OB]IOP!_92U2R_:#^#6D'



M[P!DD\SQ7P+_`
$./VR_`?BR;X[:9_P4&\
K^TSX7^+EK\6/A9XN@^`=A#\.

M?46G^P?$O_!6;P_\)/B)\1/`OQ/\`^.;+XA:7X7_`&/]+T?28[JSNOAWJ7Q1

M^.-6OKS1[+2!&(?*LXW


MW_5+]MW]IM/V-?V5/C/^TY)X

TZPA^-'_!&_XZ7*3_``:_9X^


M&=OV?_B)\3;'QQX&UR;PC\3M





M^`7QJT;PAJGB_P`


CM/$FE^)-4MO$




^$?P6\;_M?$K7E^W[-_B7]F
MGP;XHO\`P]X&;4K?PG?_`!+\*?$3PAJAA30EBM]8\`IX.T?P[H=S9&W
^EQR
_\


8-#
M5=1@^&MWHL





M/CC48/#_`
*BL6MZG_9NL:VNI6GV.R^4?A]_P6
\8^!IOV:_!-Y^RS\9OBQK




5
MU;37^E32Q20P7US`_F/P8_X)!?M7?!W2OAIX=N?VW?#_`
2=!^'GP\_;$^'L







MJO/B-I









M7L]I:7

-](DELZA



MV);B1$E:($L/B'Q;_P`%)=-_9N_;!_:3^)/QS^('Q2U7]F^Y_9L_9G\2_!+X


M^K/V
?!/_!130_C;X\U/]IKQ3\/D^!EY\(?A'!X2\!^%]
M8AH/Q53P[`GQ!

_\`@@/\5?B=^U!\2OCC





M[J7@GQWHW_!23X@^#_BYX?\`$OB6Q\2^
?A-\
_#7PXT?Q-\'?$_BR^\;7_P

MQ%^SU\2M



)OA:_@#P7'I7P8^(=GXXL/'_A?QWH.



M'^A:I\*_#
^M^)OB%XTNM$TG2-6M?[

MMI930OY\@+`$`X7]@[_@FE\4_P!C[XU_&[XV?$;]MOXA_M0:U\==$\-67BO3
M?&7PU\+^[9==\*6%KH^C^)EN-!UW4FN+R#1+*UTP6S00Q*%95D$A;=\R^+














MG^'/[-?@[5;FTLKRUO=6BTNSOK2*PTPW^DZ;9B[U/5EU.W:!B'51TTYXFG=4



$+OCIH/C+XO?%3P9^VOJ_PN^+/CO\`:!\=_%SP[XS^
M'GAZYTY[;PK\3=.BTKQ;X




MZJ%=VP/N3PU_P4.\!^)_V2O'G[7EM\%OC_IGA?X:ZOXLT;Q?\
M?\+^#]!^+





'+7P-KTGA[PU&


ZQ_P0O^/OQ=_9UT[5KW]J+2-!_:

M/U+PSJVMZ59QB7Q`-*O-
MEN=+U)Y;#4X#*ES&QD+5SWQ%_X(Q?M/P:7IUK\

M2=3UZWOY(KA+@7#V4K#%?8/[/_\`P4OO_P!K+]J_X#Z-\(/A]\5=/_9F^*/@
Z[;6=S<6EU#I<D\]C!?A6)M




MN7G:)5;B/@/_`


M'Q;X+\2?`[XG'P9X'C\/7'B7QW+J/AO3=3T[3_%?@9O'7A[6S\/=0O(O%=YX
M=U*WV:#'KMA#=64?B/S=




MK8VMS'J.EZK&VG7EG%
$
GPE^T1_P5E^)'CW]E;X2?M5?LV?!_XY^'M(OOVH

M[;P5XDD^U6DBV36S3D;)U5'D4).-FFXZJSY6VTGTYDKVZVW*/T@_8X_8&TS]


SVT2Z(#TC_@DO\`'+2=2^-GCZS_`&D_`^D?%SXL?LK?

MLL2_$_[._\`P;X?M-_LS^(=.^,W@K]MWP)XB_:3\/?&;Q!\2?#WCWQ;\=9



M?P[XX\'^)/%OAR;Q%HHO]#N?$'AG4KS2]7L+;Q!I4L-M=JUX;3[;K``HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H



M]=?'^?PAI'CK1/C9;G2?#NE/!KGA/6]%\%WO@4NJW\FF:5J5[XAMBUXD4K*`


7Q/\8:C;:CXD
MU/PYHFC^






MV
=]X/B^(WBRU\


MX@M](36(O#6KK&9-
NKC1%GE5XV$3)O90#W7XG?\$\?AIXCA-S\

MM8_:2\!?M'^

$]-\/Z$F@:
M'J45U#I]S=-=S7FJ36#SP(H@B9FX^A-4_P"D7[5&F_%FP_92G^WP13]JO6


MV:=

M^%'Q



M^'/A2U^&/AW4OVH/VB/&?PX^&&M6?C/2/A?XHO\`P-JGAB/QYH?C35/'OACQ
M!H5]?^#;SQ%X-CT?Q!JL[-8^%=6TN&]LHK;3[P36
/V9MKXW_L@?MO?\.I_V


2Z/_:$EM;W







M









WQ'^/
MOB;3=`^

MY0#*7!8&'PO_`





O=/T\PZE=1:G
MK








MG_@E+^SO\;?&'@CQSK7B3XL:%XD\/^!-


^+M.B\&WFN2Z#;Z+KT\SF^TFS2S<!<1C:#7Z9T4`?
MC/X7_P$_[#/A/Q/\4_$FG0?&*ZC^
^E^-M!^(7AO5_B_XTU?PKK'A_Q_KE




-5E-PXF;8R)'\X?Z2^(/_!/']F?XA/\(9YM
^URXGU/4=2:=FN+N
M1G6*(';7C/[7_P#P2?\`V4?VU?&&M^/?BI:_$JW\5^(OA[-\*?%$_@KXF^*O
M!.G^)O`DMXMZ=%\06&BR_9=42WF3=9O<P/)<^6RMAA^GU%)2FI3;E=25DK;

;7X@_'XN^)_!7C+XD__P=-;7&C_


MU'P=$OV;2-+U;7O$/AZ[BDEGU[1=8OL7B_L?12;DTXJ37I]VVVV@ENNI^0?P
MH_X([?`+X.?%;X2_%WP;X[^



M&C_@G#\%?V@OB/\`%GXF?%/4_&FM:K\3?`7@WP1IEI9ZTFE2_#.?P1J;:]HG




4E\^13\
^'O


MD^)[R[MV0Y%Y!#D%



=H_A6+P7??%
MK5/&NJ^



MK+W_`
8/!UKX)^(7AF6+QM\)O&FCW?@_7]



.R=





MV5-6\%Z#X)OD^(8M=%^&GBCX

L
K
M6UKK]RNH:=JMI]EUVSFMX##J:@.'H_`C]F?Q)J/[8][\9_BY^SYI7@^#]EWX



M#2M0\



W_!)K]F_XY:U\

M-)66:2ZDDF+!F(KC)/^


M6\











^NEC'LG_!
M4']I+]L;X3?%3]A/X%_L9ZS\+O#WCS]JSXM_$7P)JFM?%?PS<^)?#]AIO@;X
M7:S\1I9A#97$%W;M]ET&]#R01V!0;0`30!^P=%?S!?LU_\`!4;]L7]K#QBO



ME\93:?'=_:'AO+S18+?R5_M82VP!_7C17\?7Q._X+G?\%.]8^)VF:)^R]^S_







M5(T4LS!037X??LP?MS_M4?'/X._L)_'3XT?+X+:5X5_:\_:$\+^$?FG?#?

M;4-:OW5M


M=Q


/

ML[V'[.OPR^*6I?#GX'?LE^*_VRM0\4^
M*\$:GJE]^U5H
/CZQUKX36AO+$2




MOPI:^*;CX`M\1?%^N:/HWB34=4U*&]\8MXITO2M9U2^U+=KGC;PMXGOOL6D6

M74%6#1_`VN7%M)+=:GJ6FR/V&@_M@?M+_LY?'#]J7X0ZA8_L\R_M-?&/]J']







MI\0OVO\`QW^P]\(?BA\0?B+XIM/!'P?\7_`W5/VBC\2OB#\8/[0O]&O;WQ#X
MTT'P+X7U'X6^$H-8M]




M_M(!_0917\MWCW_@JM^WMHGC33_@O\/Y/V8?%_Q!OOVV/`G[/]GXO\174_AO
MPO=_#3XC_LN^$?VB-

6F:2RQZB7CKYQ
M^&__``6L_:D\8^

MF\/^

MVE^




MVBOYB?A3_P`%BOVDOC1XL_88\8-/\O@?\(/CU\)/A;XT^-UIXQ\&^+_`!CH
M/@'Q'KGQ`^,UEXE\/:S\9;3QMX3M_A?K?CWP5\.K!?@=IVN_#GQ=8^)/%%AX
MOT_7]:T)+;P[)XAZS7O^HW[67PXFT9?B)K?P
B\4-^V_P#LH_`3QA\)O^$#




W_BC]HO\`85\)_M6?!JXL7UCP[X7\


M$CR2.J*6&7X9\4^&/&NB6/B;P;XCT'Q;X;U1))-


_9Y^
'[3O[$

M/BA\
/AEX]\.^_$GB+Q!X8\*^+OQSIOC[7;%9]0NO%%[#H.FZ]J/G7&HZ;

KR;5()MU_)G\1/C5\;OVC_'/_!-OX]_LO?'SX9W
V:[$5ND?O7C7_@K'^T\_AO]GGQ[X-U+]G6R\,ZMX#_
M`&#/'_Q2\(M;W_B#X@^,-+_:I^(<?@GQWK.EW=UXJ\.Z3X$\%^X[/5#IMW9
MZ'XSUV[U&:PN;^'3M)+!@#^CNZU_0K+[)]LUK2K7^T-4_L.Q^T:A:0_;-:S.

#RHLTRQ@&1HH



M;QAX*T?PM/86&@ZG;ZUI$7]@7


+K4-/M(?(O=/)^T4`?J=17\?
MG[+O_!3'_@I[H

OX4M_`^K?!S


\-WGPWUC4_&'P




MOVL/V3H['P_X?^

M$E_?0Z'J&IV



L&J:I':12ZKXGMWO))
W
M;)(`?VO5E:[KVA^%]%U7Q)XFUG2O#OAW0=/N]7US7M=U&STC1=&TK3X'NK_4



O#NISW-M
MJ^HC3]LUJ8Y/

^%'BB;X;_``C_`.$1^+?Q'UJXT?X;:9I0LM.\



I!4D54U'7-%T=[2+5M7TO2Y;]YH[&/4=0
MM+)[V2WB
TZ6B7


%J


#_`/!'
MW]@SP7HO[
&@^!-%^*-AIW['_C?Q/\4?V:[:+]I+XW:]9_#KQ#XPU33-0\3W

#


=&^%WP^\07FB?^'X_M(_&JQ/[1?A'4M+

MN3P%X$_;1TW]HOQO^QM??%OX!S_\$\/$_@G4?AMX#^(:^&^%7[7NL^+WQQ

9U?\R?VH_^O\`\0_A1^QGX_\`C_\`#?QK^S]X
Y;PYX=NM<\)W5C
M*\

VE/




Y]P^(?[(?[
'Q

M-&F6MM9I;VVQ$AMX0N#&A'\I/C/_`(*(_MY?M@ZAHGP^^#O[87PV_9XN/`_[




M5TGXL7E^+`7-S\0M-\

M3]K3XD_`SX\Z7XS^%O@?]H;_`(*LZ'\-/V??#6O^%+GX9?$+QAX4E\/_`!4^


\

MN_#WQG_;EY\8]:T7Q7H%GKWA_P(FHV4OAN\L+_4[;0K[0;!VBMP?\%5/VEO
MB/\`SX/?!^']H3X8?!SX@^/_P!JC]M?X6_%G]L:3X;:5KV@_!WX9?LH7EWX


M.D6\5ZJS7$?A[Q=XETP'4C?(8]8O)F4W+K.FEXH^`/P;\::;\;-(\3_#[0=5


M'?%7AO2_VN]=^



M5?\`!)7]ACQ=\/\`X._!S4?@IHD7P:^!\/Q5N/`?P[L[O5;73=)\1_%SQ5X8
M\6^)?%

&??QLUOQ9\./V5/#5G%\+OA/\1OB!\+?A_\`

_MG7/P/

MU:)88K_3;A;6U\GZ`^/?_!/K]DC]IGQIXH^(GQE^$FF^*O&WC/X&:M^SIXD\


M`/T




M8WEO^RW\%/V!/BG\2?A]+\
+0V/CV3XWZ)J1^*0T/Q5!K=Y!+97^N6-F;)]*





MTF*2U_:Q_9+\6?!#XCZ9-9ZI8:;XIU#XL:!9VOB.S)F6TUG24\*7VOWEQ8O-



UK5

EKI_C'0;3PI=





MS2)]4U_2_#$6JVVC6&L:;IVM7&GWNK(T$6HZWIV@V][''/XDOK30[?4ID`+V



M-BNFW&HC4#?F&*2SN)FC+QGT71/V+_V4?#D.GV^A_`#X8:;;Z5HOB/PY8P6W
^!??Q%U+X=:C?
MV<UMH5]$ZZ3J0T5;NY/B<RZCJ*BS:1SB_LU_'W]JKX9Z9\!?A7JW[;.A:QKW
MQ4_;W_:3^%OQ`N?B]X1\'W_Q'A/1[_5=9\-S^%<R_V5HNGZA+;VEY::=K
0


M8M0LI'-_,0#]L_O[&G[+G@KP#'\+_#'P0\`Z3X#A\:Z)\1(?#EOHEN+*#Q


M7^
GPFL_@CI7P(_9_P!!^+WA'P?\(-2\53SV_P`#/%OB*YG\
^-?B=K6G:9I

MK/Q2O?A+8_$+XLZYH'PGT77]`T/Q5#JDWB'Q%)I7C*^T7X

MJ\MO#FF:7;ZX-'@O=7&C:==@'Z#1?LP_LX078O(/@/\`&WD%CI.FFW^'GA

G?0)-3U


M;^Q%\





MN=

/#4_@#P3XS^'/@U]

MX)#?\$V/BI'X(A^(G[(7PC\70?#CP9H_P\\$PZOH]Q+%X?\`!7A\SG1O#MBD




EE\-OB/H
.I^$(4@@OO$FGZ=!-.L'UW_P4K_:(




?\$:/^9O@+Q#J/CS3/A+;PW-[XA
M\%_$*_FUCXE^+M0TC[;X$U+5-2\$7CKJ7B*6--$T'5=6N[K1[1I_[+@N4MA#
M'_HT2K^-^BZCXU_X*#?\%)_^:DWQ7^+6G^'KG7/^?/C3QE\5__A_P3HFH





?''A#XH:]
MX'\
7<.CZX^DW%Q:R74D$DM]:I+H]A<Z?'/++#9


%.?VU?V?\`7?VC?@-XP_:2^$7B



M`;X2)\4?C1^T!\)KGXVZ[X-_9R^*NMZDO@IM





M_M_A_5_#GA%]&;P_HFJ:%??Z;H^H:;I]M=Z9=_Z39303?/7\E_P=_;1_:*_9


MIGBOXW?LW:]?:#\)X-+_`.$Q\#Z/XRU34M+\8?#?XEO?H+#3=*-Y';P)!/)%

M:^6@Q7YA^'/^EO[7NJ_'OP)K=QI']B?SQ?^W5XN_9*UOX(^*_AU%%JF@?#


M/CO]KC_@G+^Q[^W1:^#;7]I_X2V_Q(_X0RU'3OMV_B+Q1X=U+3;+5HX(]0
MM?[4\
ZQI&H7$-R+:)GCN+F1/
#2*`[NS?/'@'_@AS_P3%^&/P]^(_PL\%?L
MXRZ+X(^+=UX.O/B#I5O\6?C0MQX@N/`&IRZQX3=M83XA)K6G?V3J
TEPJZ3J
M%@MUD17@N(56

M;L?B)\24\








MXBU_1KKP/?:5X;OO%NN^)OAY/\

7UK4KQSQ;)M^



K


/@GX=\0VOA[Q'X3M;VP\.S)!:
M^&O%^D:IH/BC1;;2VO6TFPU[2=;UBTU.*Q477]I7L[DW%Q)
WZ1T4`?FG^

M/P6_8




9DED9G=RI9F8DDDUT
M%%`'FOAGX

]]_


VKP^-(+_`.`G

MT2RR/]`T4`?.L?[(W[
4?B'2/%:?`GX8CQ!H
6G1:1J)\*:8SV`T@
-+EA@:
M%K7[38;G:UNW@:ZAD=Y4F$C

MBST&S2WOH;Y8EOXCIK(VF6\=^((?MZ6EG`MZ8T:Z$K*#7M5%`'B7B?\`9L^`

0B@TW
27UV%N[B[,D?NVA_\`!,3]B'2OU]X3U3X':)XTLM<^&'PM^#WBJX\:ZEK
MFN2^+?`?P9NX]0^'FE:Y8-J-OH.[0KZ/[3]HTS1]-EO1)-:WQN+&5[4_?-%`

MA3X5U[X3_M=`'@'P5KMD=4TCPX_A=#'X?FLH;J1R9])0[;.:5I'BZ@YYKZ&
MHH`^*;K_`()Q?L*7OAB[\%WO[+/P@N_5]XGE\:77AVY\
0SZ1+XKFB2&;7_

M4`?*

80XKL?'[








M9\GFH9O@M\(I]:T#Q'-\



_V=%;^$-5TJ[\/PI8;F^Q+
M'IZBU+$P!



MUI6G?#WP78:9XBO6U+7M/L_#.CVUGK&HNAB:_P!1MH;-(KN\
;

'3[S0-
\+7\#?#_`
*SMJ?AS1H8X-*T759[C2Y;G5=.T^**


MOAKX6@O=%UF/_5ZKI=PFFB2RU!/X;NW:.=1P'`KZKHH`\%U7]EC]F?7=5T_7



MCI&B.]GXK\


M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'F7B6TAE^)?PTO






MWBOXX?M1_$K]CH:1^SI^RQ\'?CU^TU-^S!^T)XMT[^V=!U&1?BK\-](73/#N

M#FTW7=5LCJN@I=:7=OI%MJ)T\-.EE


MJ@N5!9@!R0*_@:\3?M/^`/VB/B;^T;^T7XC_`&KOV@4O_P!G?]EG]CSQ[\$K


MX
_!G2-:\-36O@KQA\






MYX@_:FTK]K_2M%^$O@/]HGXO_!?X@6GPN\&_$W0]D^,O_'_#?5S:^+[[1_


!?!OQ_^TSXZ\-_LL?##XJ:-
M^TA\3;;X)_\`!2'QVGA'XB?$?X:?&ZXL_@5XF^%'BRS\-WS:E\2-`F\2GPE
MI^L%-`T:^\6:Q-K4\-U:S:AY+R?9XP#^U/P+^TI\#_B-\#-


-


M@'][=%?S[?#_`



:^8[#2DODV;S-H!_:JSH@!=E4$A06



H=





MP+XD^`_Q)^*/@+]I[XO:'8_#GQ%X




M6H^#OC9XDTGXT?#[Q?\`$(Z=);V_C'7/`UC:ZUXDO-/M[;PXKSBPM\*0R2@
M']\U9NL:SI/A[2M0US7=1L](T?2;.XU#4]3UXBM+*QLK2)I[FZNKB9DCAAA
MB1Y)'=@%52:_$+]@?QS\33\

C]E+47
M^


+KP




MY!)XT@GNIIWN+G3'LHIYKYELIV$GB_BCX0_M5ZA_P3?^.?AQ/'/_``4\^
_Q


MOK1O+VW
1$HS&0X*N



M#X/TRZUCQ-XLUV^BL=$T73;)=US=ZA?RD0VT
8(#/(P&2!7S%^RI^WO\$OVM

066G_%'P5#J$<<?B+P!K
M<ES:OINO6$DL$D5W:-)L^U0[_P`R/V]O@=XB^!__``0N^//PIUO4/&OQ*^)^
MO?!W4K[Q7?ZC?^)_&WBC4_B?X_U'5=2L=+36=3\6WL-G8ZW?IH.B:-I\ATF






B0V]M;6\;2SW$\LA5(H88D:221R%1%+
0`
M37YO?`/_`(*Y?L'_`+3?QVTS]G+X+?%7Q-XM^)NO#QP_AM'^#?QDT/P5XIM_
MAR-1/BZ^\+?$S7O`FF_#OQ%ING#2K[R-2TCQ-=V.IF)5TRXO'F@63PC_`()3

W@.P\/

MPOXN_9N^-GQC^%D*S'QO\3;JT30/!.F^


MM

U6\C.H:E=06RW
L6L32!IYXTRU=GX^+7@;XDVOC2]\+ZG=/!\/




.H*]Y8

7Q:_:



MZ)J/Q`AO+%D&OZ5XS$&H'[-IL$:Y?PIT#]N'XH_#WX.:Q\9U_;2\(?%_X9_L



%A9B1E22_U&X




M:_\`!5#3?AW.GAWP!XI\





M%^&

M.L?#7]O.U^'\?Q(_:K\%_M4W_A;38;SXM^'?C%XW+Z#\+?$?@&YUNPM;GQ#^
MSCH
FN^(/%O@S6[*QF32TL_#&GZN8[FV:TD`/ZM_\_Y_


_

M6@1'3]*UG5-2U/P[XIUK2H;;;KZ:#;Z);26_^D;M7X7^./VY;#]I']F#]E_]
MJ&S^/?B3PEXF^$'[:_P-_:`AL-+O-9^&GB7Q9/XFL_$OP+^+.I^


:LB6)I7A66-IHDCDEB#J98TF
M@B=XP=Z)*8I1&S`!S%(%)*-C^-C]F7]HG]NGP'^S3\&O@K:?`_\`;\T2UUW]
ME+]GOP+^SCK_`





M(NJ2Z9J6EVNJZ?8Z\K3VUM?Z/\`VCXQ^WY\(_VM/C?X,^,7[(_@71?^@/C

RS2QPQ+












$CCC0%G=W8A
M515!9F8@``DG%?F7^PI\5/B!\;/B!\8_&GC3X:_\%$_A!?Z%X)^$O@6^\)_M



MHOAW[9\1]+2$ZG-J@!^VWA?]JCX*^


\%Q'.D;02A
M?HFOY7=2\&_%/]F/5]8N_`

M'QH_:T_;^U#X4_M#VGASQO\`M6?#G]I;X/C]L[Q5\



OCK_@F9^T!\?\`



?L\ZE\#OC3J)UO]

MHBC[

M_P#!5.U_:



;R\U
M7P/?_$#1O@#=^
?@'HOC;3](/C/6/A9K?Q#M=+OM+M?$MAHI7Q)KUD;.30M#

;Z]IK:/KCQ^#_``\C:SI#QP0OI6K


FFZ)J.OZ5NKV.K6
M\%[\3;31O%VE^'-1N=/UG6('F@O8`#^K_0OAS\/?_\`;`\




M



O@NGBO]IN^TKQ@


_F^(OA77_$FD:?\9/\`
MA,_$=UX)UJVTW2/$%Y+<ZC<S30LEA=?GQ\+/V#_^ROC.'QOXA^.?P?_`&V_
M#?Q-^$O[&WC:W_9[UR_:\\&Z78W?[1-E\8/$WB?P+96Y^'_`,0X$N-(_P$



L?B#Q=X?_:]TNUD^#_@7XXVOC/P38ZIH





OV;/VO?$7PQ^#?AGQ9I_[=%Y^S)X)^+?[8?@?P;\%?!&DZA%\8?`






M7X/66LZCK;^'O$/C/7+[78=
D\./I&HSW6#=W?O_`$SH/Z^2RCJP'!/)`X`R
M3SV`Y/H.:`00"
@@Y!'J.*_-W]L7]GKXU^



MMQHL_CC6+^;5((_#GAJT9]9T?4]
A0']6VN_$[2K33O$MQX1L+SXD:MX-\9:


MPGAZ]M[Z



'PD_;1\6^'/CK\.OA_X0^+?


MTG5FEG\2/8QP0Z7J)+JEC=&+^7CX9_`O_@I+H_[
WPRN%\7_`+5MG^V)\4/V

CWH%EX6\2:A86^@R^&)XGDDMK


WC
M']J[Q/X.^

=0N+#2_&^G?$KP[:031
MW5Y?PVH!_4E:?&OX+ZIX

LK

MD\.Z]X.O[1M3L_$VD:KIVI^';RQ0NSW]OJ]I/-IT]JACD9[J.X:)#&Y9QL;'
M\??BG]D\_:&T[]EY?/[-7[3/P/_P?_B?_@IY?6OA3]E7P]X?C\$:]X0^

M+RU;]5/`O[/7[3/A7_@DY^U[^RG\%/WB'X;?%+PGKO[9?PV_9HLO$]]H-Q





M4?VL=*^!/['G[1OP5_8'UWPA^P[+K'[
+);:-X^^*GQG\+_M4^#_`!%\:OB?


7CB[\6^'=4N8X]'.JZ3J!2/4_$VLVMJ`??\`X4_;V_9_

?#FOZ'X^^&7QE^(5OXX.IP6&B64_P4^(_P_P#ACXG\
33W
MP@@_MV'Q'X[BBFTV66.\MH]+NY7@\K:]?5UM\0?`$VI6&AV_C#PI)K&JPQ7&
MFZ5#KND/?ZG#.C2PS6-E%=M-=QS(KR1/!&Z2(K
A(!(_B^`?_!,WX%6WPG^
M#7PJ_:_X)Q?M26^K?!?]GG]JNZ\;0Z)\-OC+=Z?X@_:9\7?%'X7:7X`U+1?
'?$OAWQ/<:;=W'@;5O$DNB7.M-I]ZMQ9*UK8ZIINH7UFUW;
MA9+4F:SO-CV\T4R


$\&*

M&R22-[N2*1+=9$:9D#*3_*/J7[-?_!4GX?^'OV9/BW\0/A9\1/VE?%WQ)UK
MXY?$']JGX1_!3XSZ3\%-7T&\U7X3?!WX-?`#P)KWB\BN-)UFQ\&?NV^-'A
M_P`4RZ9:Q+J'BSQK/XAA9-4TO3=0B^6OB#_P2Z^.][;?$[XC^_V'_VLO#OQ



M*RA\+R?#.+PN?&G_``F2ZQ=S6VGQZ%)X7`UI-2N;BT73V%S--%&=?Y&M?_


MF=/M;RT\[\[_`(S?\%J?CQH7[0OQ#F^&'A?PQ-\
/A5X!\3^)]8^#_CS2M4\

/A]^T3\4_A;\/OVG/$T_]I6NE
M^%_V2H?!OB'QI\8+^.0OIMY!?_$#3_ND?C1[?4K


7P9





(_J=SH

M7_%'A+1?B#H/B'6O&HV.H^'OB#X=M_%'P_\=^%_$/AO6]7T?5O#OB32IS&\
M3W%MK&@ZG=-UO3K*:YL&N_Y6?#?[%'QQ\/_``L_;A^$#?\`!+#]H;PS\//V
MB/C[^P9\?/A3X;M==^#NLZ!X%UKX0^(_A9JOQZ\#Z5IEU\8Y=2\/^#])BA^+
MMC\-XGO+Z+4/VKV'A^\BTN.=O*[S]I#_@GC\;W^*W_!0KQ3\)?V,_'FH_[
MXP?M$_\`!-?]I3PUIGA_2_AAI_C_`







8!_3X-5TQG

MBU9Q&+DJ)-PMR[*@F(\LNP4-D@5P/Q@^
WPM^`/PU\2?&'XR^-]#^'GPP\(0






MIW%O;^(=)\/:A:V*A[V(Q_*OQ2^W[0GCWQA^Q;XM^)_P`/%/QD;0O^O/



MWBKPX/'&I^'[[3[C4DU&R\/VFJW=UJ-G#:V=\\M_I?V[32+]D@O)H+=Y1XO
M\7_VVO@[\(_B1J'P633_`(E?%+XTZ5X$M?B7JGPJ^WPT\9?%'QCI'@B_P!5
F)=26<RI^(_P2\!_$W4_^


MG^#_`
0_AIX(^*%SKES\--*\?ZEXBT70=`^



9+

3/\`.I_P
M5&_9F^-G[87C?P-\=S^SC\3?B3X1N_V%?B;X*_9W^$.IZ*D/BK]FW]M[Q7XQ







M(7/F
/O/]X]R:_CNT?\`X)^PW'B__@GSXJTG]A+X@?#7X
?`[]O*3XD:CI6M



/B;=_#SQ;XE&BZ9H$.L:YX:N-

MSESQMG*]U:ZTCKO)R]U**:=G)-P7



M4^+.I^



M'3-?GTO3VU&:X

M%I/QA_:.\

M176J36#0RS2I9VL4?U6WB'P^LMY;/KFC+/8646HZA`VIV0ELM.N%9H;^\B
^
M^VLIE1VBNIU2158H[!3C\/O^OO[+_B']IKXS?\$V[2]^`WQ$^-'P6\$?$_
J^#M*U;X0PZ9X2O+J^L+NSN;47_B4QV5NT<Z`W$&YSY4<B
MM^8GPV_8R_:Q^']_^P=^SY?^(KB;Q#^U=\)-5^%7[;WAOQ;XQU+7?B;X#^!G

RQH#^N[6?$



^?Q@\?'/P#;_$#X;/=R^$I?$'C#PS92WE@NF/


M0`!4U?@+_P`$@_!/BJ+QCK?C;Q!X
_X*!_+Q39?7P?X$^.'P__`&B;7P=I



M
MK#^_5`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'E^L6TLOQ9\&S^3+Y%MX


MHOB3]G^_CG\9?#*?PA?:[=Z(;GX;:D;V]O;GPX;VTLTU+6-0-U%'J6H$_'/_

2_CFO=%TC67DB9(X8Y_SM_9

MK'=(UN\JRJ4&S8ZWHNJ&%=

(MY9#+87

\0?LR^%?$GPO_`&P?VIK/

(O#'P5^%W[-OPC^UE-\1?B=XZM#\<[3PE
MHU_X5\<:EXC^%?A!?%_AWXB3ZM8W'_.^'M3N]7U^8`_KF#HS
JNK
F-ZA@6







M\%'/V1KSQ9^WI?\`[0UK^QCXB_:)TWQ-_P`$X/C-^S]IGBOP;9VESJ6@?&+Q


T8EN;=(S
M_+E^TY_P2[_;8UJ)S^QW\?C+\?`_B#_@GY^QM'\:?!?A?Q'+X8UGXS?M`_


M!OO!_C70M?L_$G@NX^(&E7VEWL.H:7+X5LKZVTO4M1DURQ:YT*)]+U.ZCT_4



M?^
VJ:!HFI^-OBSH7QK3QMKGA[]F3Q'%\0_$EE\.-


MOXC?M$^#O%WC+P[\4?B+I/B7X[?`?X3?C0/'^KR0:O:Q7_A+Q1,^JFWT#1A
M+/`?=V[QK;7$L5V`?TO_L9?M




M[]K_`%+X%^/OAO\`&#]E?6?V?O@!\=M$_9
\0_!&WU7]I#X^_$C0-7^(OPXU




M/*TDK3



_$'1=
_:0\:?#;XD?`K]K/X*6_Q*O_



[JLLLP!


1=4;4?W
WAWPDHBN]6A@*W4D4\9@92
M&-9'[5W[0&B_LS?LZ_&+X_ZMX?U+Q=IOP:^'_BOXA:KX6T%86UO6+'PGI-SK
M&HV.EI





OP@^&WQ=T2TCT?3OB-\.O!?Q'BTNYD

M5TS]H3X+^

MQC\*?^?]A\0M&NO^L'P
_:H^'6A?`[4O@EX9UKQ1\&O!WP=C\!:!9:9I^M







M+JVO)X'^RO(




[9632;66:TU?1O$FEN'GT2]


6LZ?;W&HPR7NESSQ311ZC;I+:2S1R1K
S



^$?B)J/B73/!NI:KJC1+I

MWUM-%.TA81K#)'*R2
Y1@@0L6*L%S@X_D_\`VTOV//VS_B?\*_VXO%VA?L8^

MO'EOXT\++IZ^'Y_#

WC3PA^VE\%/B#^S
MI^POX@^!O[+O@'Q;^QQ\2]-TSX3?&/X




M#INEZEJND7=RD;R




K








O[27QN


M&DN;K23(PS$C``_JP^).C_!7Q?+X?T'XL6WP[UR;PYXE\


MKQ4;S4-)\'^(=-T_5I=\.J3:@=4T[0+R*'S+F]6\M+)I+B.6-=^\^)?PWTW7





&I^
/$5EI^K^(=3L[_QI








MTS1[=UM8I)G1(X(5+%0./Y7[G_@BQ^WU!^SY\5?A[JWA_P%7Q%A\2_##XP_
M!OX+_C6O&NAS^'?@5IWC'XSZQ\0O#'C70;O7+6;2+&ZM?#.IQ^&BNA

M:TMK5)UM(DA3]DOC'^QS^TI\=O\`@E%\



?#]Y-?Z3I)E75-5MDMM0E
NF


M_@EC\=-;_9C_`&Q/V9OB1^R1^S;XB^.'Q!TOXOQ^'_VX/$&I^&;WQ%\7K+QK



MZ:SF/^T+(V\\HNK(


M+`'O_P``/^HOP_^)/[3W[0W[*OQ=B\$_`WXD_/XFCP-X`TGQ#X^TVXOOB[

MC#XS\5?%GP;::'\`H_




1:-X3^
7@[X8?M#Z#\9O&USK-KJLO[5-SXBBO--\#:1\3U

MSXKM=1T3XQ_\+DT?7-1TG2=)TPZ;;C3IHT\/ZO;K]HU&[2]$*!A:SSI:GU[]










J%






_&OAKP

M*^UTTX&T9HDBMK&[MH8XB3)$(S')\RU^CE`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110!Y5K.U?C1\/SP&E^'/Q3BSCYL1^(_A++MSUVEMI(Z$A3U48
M]5KSW4/#VIW?Q%\)^*8EC_LW0_#OCK1;SS)-EP9_$6H^+NQ

1!\R`)X=N_
M
E#KL8Q@1MO)7T*@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#X
_;1_;0\1?

^)'A7X:7EUI_PR\



M^*?''@3XL?`#3-9O_BO\&/BKX8M]&N?#7B+2Y=%EAG@TZ\M9K^WN+*X
]GK4

M'/B
^NZ2=?TC29$O_'=_XUTV0Z0#%X1U&^N6N;GPY&JZ@EUJ!\S6'5L/^Y\^




5GXP^(?P=US]G7Q/\+M.T'Q'X[O/$$7Q






M8:+\*OV2IK.W_:O_`&5_@=\

M/BS6)(?%=YXE\/I)J=YK&E06#XVQ-0!_6;??&WX
:7X\TSX6:G\7/AAIWQ.U

MI\+/!_@;]N3]H;0?V\T^




+M?

D7BO5-`N'^
M%_Q`BM;G7KG1;W4=4TV_L;34K:?WK_@D-^QQ^V+^RK^U'^QSHWQA^`/QBTGP
M-X






TC4-&W



MZTUKRVN-RQV\LDY






VB:IJ
L]2\<Z%+J/Q\T74/!MOXO\`^$G\:/YL-_<VD%N-262**.YQ!8/
M.TH;S(H^0_:^^$7Q0^('_!-_X)V7AG]D.UU/XA?#;Q#\_B=K?[)^BZE\/X;

M;W]K&+]ISQ-_P3:\=?##5/B7^V8/''A_6?#]UX$E\:_`;X3:A\)KKX:2QMK/

VGQ

5I;PP1C3)6W&1&)D_8\_81^/WQ
M6\=6/@WX8_L;^*OV3_%.J?LW?M;?#/QG\6]9TW0]*L8O$7Q9UB*Y\$PZO=Z;

3/

U+1(?$

'[-OP3_95US]KW1?VS_'O[1&L7?C&


MUM==.FS6UMJP.EW$\=RT4.H@V


+V^D@M

$][;X5_$GX!6'PU^+G['OQ[^
?Q:\1





@'Z5_LR?\%0OA+^U9^V+\7/V7_A7:#6]
M$^&WPE\#?$RU^(




ZMXXTC4O&6D7NL:?_:=I::M

8UEG1IX!)Y_K_P#P4C^#OBO1OV2_%O[
/B7P

MBVT^YA6:9KF!6$0/X@:7_P`$W?VS;?\`:I_;4^)7B/\`9M\/^--
\4?LN?`S



U_(7^T-_P2Z_

]QITE]!B-OJ7]F?X9^
K7VG7(
MB8Z5(]J9X7=TFS&PKVE/C5\))-=F\

M&V\57DJI(5CM_#\X


M%+/V%/@Y\/\`X16VG7WB#Q-X2^!'C[X[^.?%&F-H^A?#_5?@KIFJ?#K3OA[X

MEX%/M`!^W/B[]HG]G[P!XIA\#^//CI\'?!/C6X.GK!X/\7?$WP5X;\4SMJ[
M*NE'P_K.MV6K2'4V=%T\):
;UG46WFEAGS+Q+^TS^QYX3^

M?&JUT#5K5$NY[
^)O[
TBS?7=6\



M_AII7@B+X9Q^'=9_M/5G72[;Q0_CS1+:3P_#%'=^&);A0Q`/N3X9_P#!67X%


M)XFUOX.PSW/Q2TW1?'OAO4+GP%:VL3S7=WXH2WU!QI-G9I%*+R\NBEM:2120


M


M:&&7SX-OF1B-V(V@FOYG/V?O^;W[2?@WQQ^R-\0K#_@GMX%_9AF^%/[:_@C
MXL_$30_`WQZ?XF7WB'P_9?#W4__B/XA:Q?ZM/+:?:&:XAL8-)L9!*0[7)R%





2O<&^L5@$<P


MB




`']3'C?]M?]DCPF_AC

MF#YT$?DJXI.23=D^O;Y75_2^H']#G[&/[=GAW]L;XN?MBZ!X*_L^^'?[./Q
M-\%_#;POXOT;4'OD\63ZGX1EUSQ%J5PQQ;QP6NH!+:P:!L/`)#+EUK7_`&L/
MVWO!'PG^WQ/\6?![XK_`+/?B/XE?#J?0[?4=`\7?$72?[&T2?5M=LM'\CQ3











UC9:S=+FO$UB[.HWLA8Q
M7$9MC.)[E2@VU_/EXT_X(S_$;XF_%KX^^%_'_P`)?\WB2__`&,OV;?/P\_
M:MT-!8VNO?%7X56TVB?$'17LK2XM=0TV7QUH$%GI.H7$\!^T6%I:AQ&93&G9
M^+?V./VD-3^&OQ*U7X0?LN_%']G3PA\0_P!H?]EB'3/@Y\
_B#HNA_$#P1;?
M!O4%L?%G[0'AJ*-I?#?AM]5TV:PCBL])6.]NK;3;J_U%)+@JS2!_1=XR_::_
M9W^'MO:77C7XW_WPW;WOCS^']O+J7C?P]$I\;7[;;7PM+MOW-MK4A!9K&Y
M$



R10G](/^=/_!/W5?AW^T[
M^T)\;?VBOV;?`]O\1]'\3^=



O;RQGURV?[



\7VD7@GPMI4GAFQT

M?AGI/[5NL_&KX#Z#\+?@Y\:E_8W\'?#[PEJ_Q



M75WM972N^O6^G:V[1_7MX]^//P?^&&M_KPWXZ\?Z!X?U[XW^,O^%?\`PHTF
MXN7N+WQQXL73+[69M+T6RCN6E6TTW3KJZOK^7RM-L5$
=W=PRW5K'-W?B'Q
M;X7\(Q:=/XI\1:+X=@U?5+71-+FUO4[/3(]1UB]$AL]+LGO)H5N;^Z$4A@M(



-;II24

M%G[-/[








MMV&O^$-9\$:+H_ABQ\

)$M(T+-_'G^VY^R=XG\$?%[

MID.CZ-K3S:QJ2R-##I!229?



?M:?L


F6L$6F7D<<,UND:VTMO(PD=`:_.'PS_`
$8OC-\#_''@;X_?LX:

\XM=2U'6)8





Q_9L\7^.O^


5OV=?V@E\!I?\`BFRN]!\-:MX+M[2T


_:+F^



M^T/\`M6\7^


5


MTX6T9MY%_/GX3?\`!(O_`(*:_#CX3:7\
/#_`.PW\(O!=QIW['4OP^\7^*-$
M^




M-C\8[O\`9]O?CC\-;7XT:?X:O_%^H_#J?Q3IL7B+3?#FEE?[1U+48'F$&GK9







M3]E7/[=_[%EEX1^'_CZ^_:L_9_L/!7Q5UN;PS\./%&H?%?P58:)XS\1VV?M7
MA_0+^\UB_UNT(*7FE1

/''[35WIWBSPMI



\0:.-)OX/&4
MVDZ%8Q76GW




M%RE]+X=NU\O[!?7:(L[%@K

/$WPN\





M(D$;R#R/7O\`@G!\3M*\5^-[GP-X5^$D7ARY_:[_`&:/VA_A]!:WC^'_`/A&

;/3++2H;:SO=0M+2YBLDMWECNTF59O*^?/D'Q:_X)'_$7XGZ
M-XITCXCZ)\/OC1X*\0?M5_M$_&'4OAEJ_BG5?@U7P9\9/!_A?PUI+6GB&UM


MK*S;0;[3WM[/PFMKKLWVK3H]!@TM+J75Y]9GNQ+8V^EPWUYJ
DZFVCF+**\:





M!8S65U?.K6KS97S_`

MIMWHNG:)?V

M]GI_AG\*?$G[''[



J'H_



M=\-^

M


M`


M[4'[


M(M;NY]

MV

&CZ9X_
M\!^/M%UGPMK'Q&UF_P!#_:#;Q/\`D^';#1=7\/QPI-\-O$9\3O-8:AX[\+^
M./

Z&]]X
M:L?#MO+=Z[=:Q;I<F2QBTFWAEEOS,%:W2-V<`*34G[/?[=O[)_[57B_QQX$^
M`'QI\'_$SQ-\/++1=3\36'AN^%XL&EZ_$LNFZG97J(-1T^4211R7=F\L4
T




M3QO8?%&QT._\*Z;KU[XOT)'5/`VJZ?;WFMZ5HIT87#:R7GGO#;/:V\I7X.^*
MO_!


_0K_@GC^RS^T-^SY\6
M_P!O_P`1?%[PYX1MO#?[17Q[O_BG\.-2T;Q



M5K:S\57

_CE\$M3^%


M$;8_%/\`X=-?\%!;7QQ\69OAWH_P!^%/PB^(U[KOCGQC\++WQ&OQ$T_Q7XW;


OC/X#\1



MJ?`/4/C/#\5]
UG44NVN['6[+2AH(\-7NEV;I97-O?P7]CK(N98-0AWFT5TB

M0\5:)-J'A;1OOB+PSX1^*NLW&JW5\;*WU6+5O&F)86%R]]9MJDL264WYR?
ML$?LD?\`!1_X?_MF_LW^




M_$?P3^)EU-#XO^&\5UXQU7P%I?B+QRHL;:7PC\._%OB72)(?`7Q!\;6/A30_
';^]\4^(/$OA)M1@\-Z18ZC;I!\XI_
MP1;_`&O+;P8WP;\)^#O@=;:#\)/VI_V6/B)X-^(_B_QE<0:I\4?AW\)O@KHV
MB^.KN*WT/P;K.H:+=ZKX]LI8HM)UA[3?%=7<Y\^+3[2[U6EFW[TK:Q6C=M=
M_ENV[Z:(3=NE]M%YO]-S]I_`7_!7_P#8ZU?X0?[XK?%'Q[:_!@?%SQ5XL\(
M^#O#WC1)K:_U?5?WBC7/#\B:9*(_)U);BVT==49K)IEMX[DP.S2P2@?1FD?





MMQ?W.G!K:]OKA?+:TC5RJL*


M[RM!I6H:UI%CJ





7@*];^P_`T&FP76HGQ)-:;H]1O-.MQ`


M
BU?6K.2'0-3NI/$&LZ79ZD=$\/74
-YJ^D^L_%K_@LE_P3T^$UC\:&U#X


MVTO)+K5?$'Q=U;1/$]_=Z?J6D:6&DG*4HPFE9)*2;M'9N*U;F]WHXJ6ND;A_
M31X-_;@_97\3_$WPG\%M+^




M\H*(NFR0WA2\F6










+/&OP]\;:!JFCZG#X-^(&D:9+\']'L/&&N
M^)?&EIJ&M)KMP+_7_%MY%%=ZEITMU

M?Q



MR7MA8W=MH]BOE+%

MAIO#VGQ2W

M=E=Z#H$OAR5[NY9[-C$T:R1*$/\`1G_P3T\+?$71_AMX^\2?%W]ECX7?LF?$


MD\I-NT@L

M`/`X`'`'05)10!%Y




M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#\K/

-%


IUFTT;5?!GCW1-)O;#4H]&U2

_A!^




MHB`?K%^T=_P7/^'?['/[3GP







&J
MZ!?Z`@U'4X[*71;FVNKLZ5]/_!?_`()O_'K]JWQ/XW_9[_;(_9FO_A9\+=:_
MX)
_LO\`[.8^
M\G@#78=!_:.^'%GH^J:AJ/P_L-+U#5!!K'@^_\6ZC!9ZQ9
MRPZ?'J/@W5(K2\N+*YT]Y-THV5W9I1LWM\36K\X*-]4U?NFB%-2E96W:WUT2

^./[4?Q
_9T_9S^#'PN

?&'AWP1KNM^

MKD=YX7=M8O+S2?$_C&UL+S1M%?4Y)K:349TO;F_2&WC
_PR/_!+_P#'_!0
MG6OC9\9OVMOVL?B+\3_`_P`'OBI'XMT[X-?L7_%._P!(U#Q?\'WN?$FB7$^N










M/-K_`(O;4+NZN=5-MXDT_P`(:+I=KI+VXBM;VX^T)-;1O&UC]C7_`()`?M2?




M6GZ]=V]N;AM%\





M1.2BNEWLGI?:_P!US]#_`-C[_@MOXW3X_P#[:_[/'_!03_A4?PVN_P!G/0?B

+R76=$\2:*B)I&D

MMU9(XUOV/_!%S]HG]KCQS^S[\1/VI?AKX-^`UC\.OVUOVP/C3\2=#TCXS3_$


NC#X
Z+?_M/_P#!2'7OVN]#









M6^GW4ET?MLG'?LK?\$E_$D?[8/[97_!0C]J77?#VF?&7]LGX36?P-'PG^&%Y






V
MJ?%KX1Z[)^TE\9KN#X:6WBC]G3Q!^SAXB^'_`(NN/^&6_]Y\0O-[I7B*?Q




MZ\@@_E4E%`FD]TGZI/\`


*P_O#!]ZD*J2254DC!)`)(]?3VZ4M%(`Z=*:41B&9%9E!L5!(
M#8W`$C(#8&0.N!FG4467;^EM]P#!%&H51&@50`H*`H7&T*`,`+@8`Z8&.E/
MP,YQSTSWQZ444`DEHE9=D1)!#&6*0Q(7(+E(T4N0S.Q`&XAW=P3D[F9NK$F

MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

MH`V****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/Y8OV]?VIO\`@IK\_VWOCU\$-$_:/\`




M!.I37$$ZW/A+QI80Q:;XDTXJ#=6B!8Y(V)8^(?`7_@D]^SQ^S7\
/VQ?A1\(

MK


TF7Q0!_//\`M5_\%0_VKO%OP8_:
MR_:9_9/^/OA*W^#_`

















I_#_P#P4&^(D7C;X.?M`^+/VA?AYX@7X*^!+71M


DC



MHK1K1+;4K1]768PWUZLMYD[JLQ7CTCPQ_P2_\`BEJ7PB_;5^'GQZ_:HN/C
M9XN_;#^'MIX%O?BIJ7PQ\


M!:






_B1
MX0\

O@/^T[^
?^$WU


:DDXQE!TW9N*:4M5:SBWL


ME_!)$U@NAVK0L&2-S7ZW_P#!5#_@H-\4/V:?C+\!O%?PAC\6ZI\)/V8?&7A+


M\#:^]CJM\WPNM9HM


MQ9\


MMY[3XWQR0VOB_P










/&?QKU7XT_`/X[?M


^G:H_B#Q5X=L?,+Z8=-L8X_$%DTDELTOS?\`\$+_
M`!Y\?_'GQ@_9.A\_M(?%V;0]5_9X\5?'?\`;%^&O[27CR_\7)\5D\8^+_$W




MQK7_`()??L_0?$&U^(UWXU_:!UG4M-^
GB+X^:-X?USXPZUJ'@O0OB?KUC?Z

M7Q2_9ATZZ^*-QX5^+?QY3]IGQ'XSU7Q_K&I_$NS^-8U?PQKDGCK0?&-RYU+1












M4'D\?:=XE\`Z7^S5X8\)_KX?!GPKK/@34-.T[QM^U_X3\2V/Q
TW7?@D/$





M6I_L[7.NZ_X3^!OQ4U#X3ZOXWO-










M7[+_`



ML


Z5IOQ?^./PNTZ#


MZ_'GX0?LS_[Q3\:OCMX[T?X;__P5;65WXH\7ZVM]+8Z3;ZCJVGZ'9R26VF
M6E_J5P)]5U73[



M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`45\__M*^+I?`?PTN/&#_`!V\!_L[Z1X?OI=0\1?$+XB^'+3Q

M^U3\+K_69Y;1]+N=
_9Z@TRQL8H4U`74


R^=_:0VD
M%#&;%MVY;A6`/JCXP?M)?`+]GY='D^.'QA^'7PFC\0V^OW6@R?$#Q;HWA9=:











M[2B*3[9:W9@L[76K][?6K99?-\X





/#?A;X5?$'09/%/P_OI8O#FEWPM+O2?#C6VC

L\.
MHI%(99MSFLKX??\`!N)\9?A#\:HOVM_A=_P4N^(.A?M@ZGJOBN?Q?\6/%'P/
M^'WQ$\(:WH_B&QM-.M=




WWNGZ='X@C\4ZGXYT?7]+%]I\^


MQI%KXB\1^*=)L;OP;X1^&?AU]&\VZ@N1J#:DWB+7+O3+75+#2M2ETBVN;)]-

MIUQI

MRF/RO\`AO\`\$AOVBOA7^V[



MPQKOCK3=`L]4\






MA_




M5;0+T3:RFBVFJ_:['3TMT]0U/]@K_@M]=/*^F?\`!?&UTM-A
-M)_P`$O/V4
MM18R#HKWKZ[:[(V/!=;&1T'(5SQ7WM\%?V


(]

M_P`+--L+:W^&OA71C^SIIVNZ_J][XNUG3++Q)K27?Q%FUN+2==TV^MM'O=*N







OVZ?C;_P4

M
&HSZ]H_@B;3A8:+HUWI]SIUO-ISZREJ;S;+7'^$--_;@_X*O_$/7/'&@^%?


MOVW/@Q\


%Y:75UX;\0V]UH^J?9+NVAN(H+V%HQ+&C

:-I'Q8U32M2\3:%H_[.O@&QB5=(NY;

[P#]0OVE/VN/@S^QS^QOXO
M^





T^O:J3$L#WUUN5/)MH;:V@C141&Y-`'Z
M=^%O'/B37_&_C?PMJ?PV\2^&-%\+/:)HOC75+BPDT3QJ+AI!*^B0V[M=PK:!




M)Z;!I6@Z#I-NEK96-I`



4G^
MX^/KM./UIQW7JOS)DN:+6UT8'A





%











M@U8J;B/2I[Q$N);5622*K,5&)`_DE_:L^&_PTI\)O^&O_`-K'X*_&G]H[
M]F;XB_#VZ_8AM?@S\*?H\+0_#3]H_6(?@#\+?-WI_BVVU7P7=Z_P(9;I(





M5I[O2H9XHX5_4/PIX*L/#/AO3?#]W?ZGXOGL]
M]
OO$GB]K#5/$GB&.W&%N

METL?RK_MM?MUZ])-\?O$O[*/[47Q9\*?$+X:^'/V=+K]C#X8:1X?\0W?PQ^


M)+XWUO3M/?4X9/LT7[N

MOVV$N8;O[6+`W`NHC+*8K@26,R.4=2[9N-6--1Y8.3M[UVK77YWZWWLKB
M=






MKQ#\

M=FUA


T_1]*LHQ#9:;I5E;:?I]I,D1
M6MG:1PVUO&21'%&BC)P*0S0KY&_;


M`(H\/:G#=02Z`2/#'A^UEN=$N?M


B2*I!P014
7A_08%C6#1-(A6*[?4(EBTV
MRC6._D.9+V



M5)T!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%1RB4Q2B!HUG
;B%I59XEEVG
MRVE1'C=XP^ZHZ,RYNI((`)*^
?CI^W;\#/@MJ_BGX?:5=Z[\;OCWX9\/\`


_&?]HRWMOA+XN\(ZEX6\5?#7X+^!(OAW)JG]HWMX







:!93:CK.NZS=Q6.FZ=90*6EN+FYF941%'`&2S
0J*S$`@








M?A[X/\%?#&6&/S')DMO$.D63Z_:7!C\M?
MKJ
JWF%3]PB]\0O\`@DI^RO\`


MV+'M$:8`/TZKU?Q1X9T`@:[XBT+14$@&KZOI^FDQLXC5Q]LN(?D+D(&^Z7
M(4')`K\^_AW_`

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH



M?/VR?VG-*U6;]JOXY:E^SUX2U.]MY-&^'['WB:^\-:C%H+!I)M,^(_QXO-/
MB^(.O:M(&CM;IOAW)\.-$:'[5#/87ZRQRQ^@^%/^8'_``3F\!G2]3TS]BO]


_'$VGZ[\=]8^&/

GS7OGWUQTG['/['/P%_8




^'G

\%^&K:5=2\3





M@;^S?X6MHK_P1\

`M,U\W/\`PDWQ\2Z-H4]











M``E7_!6S]O/Q/I.FV]O`VFPZG\'-+FU/[
L42_VGJY^%MYJLWG1([75Q#=07
D6DAC2*TN?&?A?7_A%XTO);:
M






?UJ:J]X


MX+\(6&JZI#:7[Z)H5SXJ\1Z-'X@U\V-W%H&B-J&LSVTT-C)&WXI?LA?MR_\`



M;M\#_#7O#WPF^%GAG7/VC?VC?';W%IX+^#WPM\G6)K22-`#X@^(_B6%Y-^




?V9O`/C3P'KG_!0O\`:-TS4])\+W?C#Q0+



%MH'A+3+:/0M%L+*VMFC;



M?^QW_!-CP])\'_OP5\/?#WPC\.?V@+_P)GAK3OVX_'/PNK?X)_#&Y^&:


MM!\.^$]!T;3OL%DSPA^W!_P;S_%'6_#/@KPKJO[!_B;7?%_BG1/GAOPXWP.
M\!1WFI^(]?UQTG0K6#3M4\`6TB'4=1U2UL;&]DA2UFN)9(HK@M%.$`/NS]H


M=M#N;O5]&L;Z.





MH![_`/%CX=_\$O/BYIVDZ1\2?^L/C*ZT[2[2VMYKP_X*O:SX4L-7N;5D=-


MX(6OB6]\5Z%IA74=/M?A[8W46MZIJVDZ=H4BW7E:1/=6MII3?:/+6T81^[^!


M+:

_V1;H0B3]F#]G]!`7





M&
+-\.?`A:W8/`3X1T#
YMXKJU_:5^`5Y;3()(;BS^
'P^NX98VY5X
MI+;Q#*DB
#D
A((Y!-;@_:


JY_9K_`&=+UHWO/@%\%+MX@5B:Y^%?@6=HU)R5C:70



^7




MEH$
8MA:0P)!Y&QF3RMFS82NW!(J[::'HEA';0V.CZ79Q64LD]G%:Z?:6\=I



&!4%#\K`'BOBE/VU_^9W@;PW\(;RY^''A_P`+OXV\
M`GXC_!_PYIOP)M;B779-1\
MXDUGPUX-N-)T271+CQ_:Z-I

\?+7UCIWAWP'









+U;E



MWCN+:ZAO8)C\
?#4CQ7=M

VJ:C

MQ.4



=?)EQ_WPU..Z]5^8''^`S_`


MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@

CT+]EG


M#]@_`S]DSX'?L\WWB37_`(?^&+Z[\;^



(OV??%_QOLOB8FN6,EM:
MM-INO_#F2QU_P`/:%?K+))K.B0I'<Q&17K]$_\`@H7^SWK?[0G@[X!:=X7\

4\&:Y\*=%6SU[0?&OCG3[F:UO;;Q!''X5UK5





OC7Q=X*\0


M:

MU?!W_@F1X;_9B^)6EV][-\6==NO&7A6YBUJ_N_!?@ZUT+4-;O=/:#4M8\

2GQ7:.^U356U&34;N*,?;'_!2O]FS]I7]I'Q9^Q^_P0T?X<7/AW]GW]H/
MPK^T7XHN_&NOZMI&I:MJ7@W[7H%IX/T=-/T^^A@34M#\4ZYJLNJ7*2&ZTBU


MS\+]!^%5YX
^'_QTT77M:\(^'-9TS2/&=[\8O%%[XKEM=5\7R_^P72O!MUX
M;\'VNGVGBB&TN=6CET
:3'^LE%`#4WE%


M
T;P1!'*UC::A9:?)]DDN=1D:&23
ZC=\M?L_10!_-=\8O\`@F+^WCKG[0WP
M`\'_``M\8_`_3/V*/V;OBYX5^)OPML_$CZXWC+PYI=KX!7P5X@\'V^AZ:\$#
M6X


MBL&AAD4#=&XVEMW&2

$B1P2

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
MAN&VP2G@?(PYZ?-\O]:FJO=#-O(
`Y`&#T^\*J/Q1_Q+\R9-J


MU;:;Z]6OQ9]'4445YYZX4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%

-=TC




^(4?[5WB;PI8?M0_%O]N/X7P?\$]4





6^S?OPJY(7KL5OB.C2$X^4(&+=%!R*^W:*`/B+2O
MVX-*O])OM8OOV7_VU=!AL[RS2SOOV

MWDR1M(EM&)_#
%M;O




M_P#MF^/;2=H;3]@#]N?6%5`PN+#P[^S5:P-D$E5.N?M.Z/+N7'S!HE'(`)K[




M217(:1^U'\6M2\0'2+G]C#X^:9IZW-Y`=?NKKP(-/
=LTJPW*1MXCBN6BO`B
M-%E%91*N\`@U]I44`?&&M_M5_$W1O%^J^'(?V'?VJ_$FD:;JFIZ=#XO\-#X#
MR:-J\-A)+%;ZIID/B+XV^&M0;3]3


M?
OE'9D_;W


MDD0^([.XO;:R9;G#KJNGQV[1ZSI[JL^F3RP13C=
M=C110`4444`%?%W[9G[

M._$6G362SQ3.-)M=$T#Q%/?7
$L5T-
M@]ZGVC10!^&$/_!4+]OR&SB?5O\`



M.LS^2PCACE:*[CMK@B42)UN\,\NW=_\%4?VK+2TANO^'.?[=MX9_*P65OX





6H0V^HQI+$FI6






MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`JO=?ZA_^`_\`H:U8J&X`

3[?^Y_Y-_\`:GT+1117GGL!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444

^





M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%071`MK@GH()B?H(VS^E3U7N^;2Z_Z]Y_\`T6U..Z]5^9
_
M@E_AE^3/!+98LJ$*EY



M+7B#QI9:IXJ\(?M-Z[H'AM-.T'P=\/\`1])E;Q/X(T7QQXJTO1-7\=3ZI#%?



M+\`+X/\`C-\/O$_AK7O#'Q$\:ZU\'[6T^(5QIOPK\-:W;:-XXUWQ1HT/BBZ
M&G:.(OQ)U[]MC]H;]E?XX?LP?'?]DOQG\4O^G'P3\*?\$9M?^
OCF/XL?M*

3Q;9:G=3ZMJ=I<
M:$EHOTW:_P#!:?2_&OQR\3?!OX1_G3?&-G;^
/CCHW@;X@7_C?2=&\(^-/#
M_P`#/@#X




M^TSX;\(?#7_@F7\-?VG_`-JFS^//C^\\0Z?\6?BMXIT'2_&.G?$/]G32/%_C
M?5]

?\%W_`-IOQ9\

M?$FM?!GXI^`-$\/^


M;ZE-XUN-*U.^\0:^M_J4/A^PTG3XKN75X+FXFL+8`_KVHK^7IO\`@L1^VO\`
M#W\6:WXL_9Z\?&O6_CI^TWX4^$W[


NJ:AXETV*U:TLM)EN?V+\`?'?XT?%O\`




/$W[)7['WB7Q/XH_87TG_@H3X'O/`?Q



/BC3?&^K^)])2R^&'B&^\/Z]I_CW3

M7$2W%I/);75NTD+N@FMKF*6WN(B1)#/')%(JR(RCXB_X*3:GJUA_P3S_`&RM

M75[9OC1X%\%_$/QIJ?@T7`FL=2?PKHGCS2+'PUID\DK^*-8L[ZVMKQO
MT'[
M`4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`56O?\`CSN_^O:?OC_ED_?M
M]:LU4OSBQO2.HM+@C\(7IQW7JOS)G\$O\
OR9X/%N4.-W2:88!Z8D;@X[]_H
M112P;]LG[H29GN
_X(W_LJ_\`GO$?PE\:^*_





0O

M)U?]IM)T'3=#CO(M.@
*7^I7FKW@:224SZGJ$YNKR[9I&8AYYV:1E4J@)PJ@

?@?]A^]^$7C/XJ^



%A_P!J/P'J



=9U^VAL7T;Q
M8EE

WA?2]3\:Z?-#:0+K\'A.*;3-4U'13HFC26


M_P`C/[-'PB^/MS_P35^*O[5GCWX2GQYX
\!?!;XW:OX*\?Z;^TI\3#XB^(3:








[6CQA+I





L!LOA]JOAVRU
:1!X3U.VBFCU&/1K;2M76Y


M5U&
6DFGGS;Q?_P78_;!\'77P.^*7BJ#]G'PY\+/C%X0L/$'@OX:Z)HFM_$K
MQE\4;W1/@YK_`(P^(%EI_B_P3\0=2U3X97FF^





M;+K'B\^'[W]E*71=*_;;T;]DK1(7_MZ_U2ZL=;L)[Z/Q_
+/5KA!I=JT!@81



M[/FA_$:?XI?&#P'K?B;Q0-7G^'&M)\)K+5[_`
C0(M*U:QOH;SQ.NE/!IK75







MMYJN@V#6GAVVTNW\


:+J%I\?=2U;3Y_CY:6VJ
M_M`^'[#5M0M/#


MT'7H;N\MKA9UAM[C2)8XH)HVACN;81S0+M`/1-
_90_8Q\*7&E?$71_A/\)?

&'9$/S^?P)N?%7_
M``09_9'\&K\6OA%\$=+T3P!9^

I&\0^



M=26
O@?2K#0_!=U+#+.UO=W?A/2-+L=-\/75U%+/I5I;I#:NB@8^L?!O@KPW
MX`T1?#OA33QIFD)?:EJ*V@GGN`+S5KV;4+^427$DLG[^[N)9=F[8F_:BJH`'
M544`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%

M\Q]DNL]/LT^?IY39IQW7JOS)G\$O\
OR9X+;S&

8H
MJMNWSWI6(

MQXATCQ
FC^)?&?BOQ!KGQ

M!&22*!64

M)\7;_#NK:F2LO_/ZI?I:/?6N_R2TS
C2)&*_&3]IS]EO\`;9_9O^(/[#_C












[Y*Y-=;)^R%^S--HOB3P[-\%
M_`LNB^









M\MMYMG$\T0.)$0HP*L00#\BO@CX?_P&$WA6/Q)\%=)_8]M_7[+OCY\=V


UU];MK

M!G[




?P


7/K_P`#OV0_
MV0?@/\




M.H2M;VU[J3%KG:BS,ZKC8^$W_!*C_@C+:Z5K?B[X6^_AY?:)X*\26OB_Q%
MK6G_`!'UB_T_PYXBM=+5[35M7GN=;ECM+J/376:*XOSO
!5PY3%?@E^R_P#L

M:A\


M2YLGW)
H)(:OYUOB==_$SQ3_`
$A_A`?B;\5_A%X1U'PSK_Q)L8+;6_AAH]G
MJ7[3&@^$/$6H:9X8L?AOI]M96USX4\4^-8])BG?7/#MM#J5Q9W8G@S&Z-7]6

M-FEF9I9)+5G=BQ)J*R:=/FES7I4VG:WNVLDTVVK)6M?3II8SPS3C42=W&O6B





MA/\`#3Q/X










R?W'T?1117FGOA1110`4444`%%%%`'!^/M3^&FB66CZU\3;KP9I



]O)+;/=/IDVHV'F1
(/`=
MS<W7BJ&WN9/&-M8V.HO%H=K9R37%S)):2HQC6(*6<OS.^&GB;_@H%\'?&__



M21^?Y;K(@=0#]B_A/^S%^R_\-==E^)OP:^#_`


\3V.J:IXNM;GQ#XKT#2-`U+3Y/#FG:#=6$?@K1X9=8U75+
MQV`M?KVS_PC_Q*'[3W[+GP

M#&6+R$DFOE&3XM?\$./B)J;_`+1%W;?`KQ7XH_9W7PM\'!XAU/1M4OO$/@#1

MP3S^-'B[7?CE_97[



[^T6UH[(%*@,%/WK)''*C1RHDD;J
MRNDBAT96!#*RL"K`D$$8(.#7\A7[+/[;7QL\2ZA^SUX/^)O[:WA;XV:U9_\
M%*-._9GFLH/`GAV+4?&7@7QI\,M-UOX8^*]$MY899-*M62?4?$=EK%LL4CV^
MG2K%.V0IUOB5^U1_P61TFV^//PS\GQ/%XE_8^\7_$4^*/B3J?@/2]<A^.'@

MFGA^3PFGAO18_#
T=S%)H

3









M:-^/OP__`&J/VI;K]H_]N7P!\/\`]E#]D;PQ\]6F^`L_P`?#D'C2'PU\5/
MAY;Q:2WBKXAI`GBN
VOC32]8T^QL=TC5]7UZ-CIUU);321PW(!^DG[4'QD

M_9ONO`$?[



Z2V


MU!)(DE#
FWYJ^G_A_P#MN_LB?%-]%A^'W[1GPC\47?B._M]+T+3['QGH\6J:
MKJ-VQ2VLK'2KZXM-1N+JXD`CA@CM3++(R1QHSNBFE)IWNWZMO;OW_I;$N*?1



?%_[0GBMKG3FU@ZWX1L?A9XW\









M\=P^




[*T7*ZO=6M?33YINW3S/;?V[/^HOQL\+_SX
M=67B[P#JO[


M'[


M]*U;6HH?VFM*L?!?A#P=X.ET31[75?!?[
WB76]0A\#^*?`^EQ^'XY-(U&P%










M$SQ(6(4
X52Q`!R17Q%J7[2O_!.&;PC\1[BZ^+W[-UEX5BN=6^&GQ)O-.UWP

M-)J%YI6E36D%U9?9[BWBOFD


M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!371)$

\4W=]X=L+DMJ.@W=I=

V?I2B@#R7PG\%_`7AWP)\+O!%YX9\/ZU!\)
M]*\*6OA:]O=&T]Y]
U;PI:V4=IKVF

MG3=.-^FJFPLCJD=K)9)J1M8#?I92R1S2VB7AC^T+:R2Q12R6XD$3R1QNR%D4
MB[10!R.L?#_P)X@GFNM=\%^%=8NKEHFN+K4_#^E7MU.UN5
#2W-Q:23R&$HG

MV37

2PND@:
1QA`BX]!HH`Y34O`G@C6?#0\&:QX.\*ZMX/P*/FI^
M'])O_#86UN%N[9?[#N[2;3,6]TBW,`^R_NKA5FCVR*&&7=_?X6:AXDT3QC?
M_#3X?WOB_P`-:9_8OASQ5=^#?#MSXDT#1A#);C2=$UR;37U/2M

12V#)=7$TL\ZO+(['S_2?V3OV6=`\-^(?!




/M&\/?##Q2/''P\T;3_#.FV^G^#?&`AOX%


Z[X(T77/#&C:MI?


:3^8J9.TM2B@!%5555
M50JJ`JJH`55`P%4#``````&`.!7YF_M8?'3PYHWQX\?!/1/VO/&_P`*/B7X
!_$#6GBC1+;Q/\%]?U%?!&A?K




D







M=WF@^*+^7^U_%MY:VO\`/9^P!9?%7X
)\-_VK?CI\`?C_P#$/]FGX#?\%!?V








OAK\:/VX_B9=?#/]I_XT^$OAU^TC:_#
M#Q!H)_:)^(FO_#C7-7^&_P`+_$EE\)8_#.OW&FZ&GC[2_!O@KXL+:V?AW4-9










$]%4C!7VE[T;U%IJKIR6HS^DEOV*











/[/O











_



MX_X*X?L\^`_VEOVW]&^)'BJ[\?'&;XG_#*R\1?;Q=9^
UTZV\`+KMY\.

?L[^/






MM+6XB#K`'`/U@\/_`/!2[]EOQAXZ_:I^'_@C7_$OCS6OV.]6^%'A[XPOX(\+
MZCXGM(_$GQ?UZ\\
^'M`\
3:8)5\1ZEI.LV4MIXI2Q)CT`!YKR18(I9%]S_9
MN_:B^&G[5&B?$?Q!\



\$+$%HT*
MW:*`


M[:(D\Z);7+
M2PJLTJJ@$C@ZE%`'PW^U#_P3S_9N_:TL/!&G?$GP_K&C1?#O4-=U'PA=?#O7

`!4*VMJ@95MK=5=@SA88U#L`H#,`H#,`J@$Y(J.@%3T47:V;73?I




7%CJ%K%=6LI$:JJEH)4RN`5(VGD5NU^

OB[QK%XP_9J_;;^

M!/?7QM?C:OBQO`]G)80+IL.A?#YO#6@V89[VUTV*[EFDEN^+O&/_``48\&_&


?R1
MX


]QI5Y'`7M_YZ/VCOAO^V1^TS\*O`WA?]IVQ_;K\7_L

MSL6O;MK66_LXA;22Q`']1'C#]O[]G_P!\4OCU\+/&&K:IH^H_LZ^#_@?XT\?

MIXXK)K47IN9W6&*.U
(G

MKR?PW\!_VB?%'A#QY^S7_P`$W_/@CQ?XUL-,\1:YXTN?@'\5??C+QS9:QK
MJ:A:177B?3--1Y)46SBBE:RNH$EW1$OU.L?##]L6[_:6_;&N/C=X
_;T\5VF





$3/&
MLDPMK:7RD:2-7?:I=`2P^+=&_PAOP-\1_L6C]N[0-+\?ZC\%?[#N?$LMJ=










]S=6MM



M]R;S4/#5T&NK2VL;$D6QV)[%\9_V*_B;\4=)_8GZ[XMF_:!_8X\9?OQ&?C



M%];17/@B6.]N;O5M-L)K&2WN]2N(+%#=[X(8'6/S7\4\;?\`!1?X)_#+]NGP



=E\._CS\.K?1M*

]5Q/9V_B6ZUW7+'4;'3Y-
M.BO[YM0T[2M4A@CL91=&`$-7SS_P3:_9_P#VU_V2V^/O@[]HO4Y_VAK;XA?M








M`OV\=;_8?T?XZSH7P(OOCG:_'7XNZ%\'+.XT_XB:7X$L/_B#Q4(AX9O=2O

TSQ1)JND7EOX?^)&M1SVVH^(G\1V]DUO;



M+P/=^-O@M\.=5^!?C70O&WCO]J/Q1^R+\6O#-QXGTF^U3X*?%30/#_\`PD5D
MS-INEW.E^/O#^N612:#4-+U/1I[*VD6:[LQ
)+1/U#T_X_?`G5G\51Z5\:OA

42Q6OV:/RY8

M\3O$F@_W1-6UWQA;Z+K^E:SK&GP:-+-:W=H=*L+R:\.H_VA!)IJ6;QI*+]

M=O@==:7!X+\%^%]2\


MBW6H6GBWX;P1?:_!^CV)F@ATS6KS49H=6F




M8?&7AZ;P=H
[6]R_BVQ:T74?#U[-*IC@2YE$3N

M?L_?'SX4^+-:2Y\??WQ)8:AJVFZ+\7OA%XHU6]U'1M\


7\NE_M<^-








OB]\1?AGX0ALO#_BU(?&]IX7\7:GHVAZ]X8\


B*%C++L121\4

M-A#\-?B#H?B3PKKV7L/'7A;6/[$A\0:0[6)OX0QE5/VTOV1?CM\;?@!^S/\`

?B1\-/&GQ7\8^$X

\%M?74EO!+=KYN7!`\@_;
M]_X+'^'_`-E#X%_`;5O`NN_[Q/^TC\3M?\`V=;#Q!\(]9/B*\AT[3?C%_8C

L=8OX+F[M;?S!;
H+5\?:#_P`$A_VR?`?P[^)G

M/UBUU-[B\M8$M+F'5X$N/

M:[8-&82Z$`_:OPW_`

M(=3@BN%W+(RUSFO?\$S/V[[WP#X)T[X7?LT_\$WOV5?B7'XHN-3UKXB?LT:O

M
S2W:%XPJ2;?Q0^$/[#?[=_P4^/7QF^+WPT^'O[*W@'PEXN^&?Q'M(_@#:?$


%5

/AE/$O@77O@
<R6S6J#<P'L_P__P"8VN_#OP#XM^.W@/P
M'JG@_P


MM!I





M\

MP#]`?#'_``7_8TUC]C?PM^U59^/M.^)%P^J?#P%\1O!WPCTOQ1KL_@7XM?
M%.PL)CX3U
7NCI=V5CHUW-J



M_*6/5Y-;OKBU9]1
R_N/^RA\-O$_P?\`@%\/OAGXM\+?SP5JG@[3[S1X/O



$XO#G_``4(
M@\
(?VB-$L]8T?1M9L;S253PY8Z/]MBAEU9VU3^T5WRVEH?+=!^;



M;47U#SXS9BP2`W+7GVD




+?$+Q226]OH7@U+M5UJ]$IMQ
IB

'BFAF0212QNI*O'(C*Z
I(920:_F

O[
UK\.OC?X8BT3XXBQ\



O-0C^(%E\8M(




MA'P/X:\%Z;;0^*]4\+^&M%\&V.O_`!+US4+2Y^'.FWEEK/AW3_`O@2Z?7(!X


M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!2$!@58!E(P00/0@\$?6EHH`0``````#``&

M@LIY8'



KK4
M?LVA^



M
\







M!@D4DZ'X=\4+HEG&)
/)IL$[G#






M_P`$H?!'_!

MV--\26D.F:+!I5GJGBC4]

$?C
M'\




GM=:\:Z=XDT/3A)+

M;#1/B)X6;0-6U/4_B5XN^(
&?#EA<:3.G[IFBN@K&2.

M9_7B[5+GXBVGA6WGMY-8M[+Q1I/AC0+YS1V=KX@EU51':,Z?!&H_L&_ML
M?LAZ9XP^//[+GQ^T_P
?QT@_9C_`&4OV

M





M/V[_`-H.?XF^.?CSXB^+WPT^%O@3X$?'[X-_LH^.OV%/$T'AR/7/%S?&;3/@


G@&^\%:2_@NYT*VL?$NB7VK^*KV/
MQ+(NI6%OI6Y\6_V&]#_:5^+OPM\=_M$6_P`+_$/A?X)?$;X2_'+P%I7@3P#J

MTC4]

M[



M]=U-]=\:^)-5L/#WDSRZ'I7ARRM+JXU!NK\:_P#!/WXF:E\-=-TKP+\?-%\%




MHHHH`*CE_P!4_P#NFI*KW+



M62&3Q*=#U0:`EQ(L
#:R;*8::)97#)'']K


M_9P^/6O?M1_%?7/%%GJ-YX.^

M:W;L?[-3PYIA6V
&8AY!!_P2._:&^&GC=/C)\-?%/P4\;_$3XA_!;]KGX7_%

M
UGY[JH!^RW[1W[6GPC_`&:OV;?B7^U!XJU=/$/@'X;?#*^^*DUMX5GMM2U;






LS6\UK!^R/Q@^


M`U^9=Q^R+^UWJ/[.7P#^$.G:)^S9\
G^`O[8W[./Q'\$_#[PG\:_C'XM\#^%

M7OBX&.+0[?U;]I7_`()4_LQ_M+^*_CA\3?%*^/K#XI?&_P_C#X*ZKX@@^(







M\27INT%Y=^*5TJXNY))+Z\N$`/CW]N;]HW]N_P`#_L/?!;]J[]GGQO\`!_P=
O-?UAW'9;B--QQFOC?1_V0M<TKX-_L)_LV:Q+

.JZQX1O=8





?A)+H&J?%'Q


MC?P3XFD'C6&W\0?$VWT_5M`MO!WBV.?3M'2:UU!-8T=X&ML=S^W)^Q?\=_B]

MX@T3P7XD\
ZK_P`)UX7U+PQI=WX1\[4;?0[J+5=;BU[[0(=-6(`\P_:__P


UU

&-3DC$@:U2L_P`4?\$\/VYOVH?V4=&^#'[5
M?QQ^7A_Q_X`_;:\`?'OX=7'PE\`7%O\.=$^7P=T#P;)\./A1I^@3O#/8F/
MQIHFJZEJ5[E7DTR[:W6.)IMD0!]C?M?_`+9GC/\`9.^(WP4T+7U^%J^$_C_^



O$GA_PQX?\2:;IGQ$:X\'^&O%-GX@TW5]


M@RZ+K

MR^#M1\-_\)38^+M#\.^)M+T6S_MO2O#MWXEL5DTW4]'8?%Z?\%4_VHOA_P#!


:K.K6]Q!X

/%.N1Z(WC
M;68/AA:C4E\%^T\267@J&_UF^U37-#URYBL%L_NB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H



M$@M_-`.








MT^3S=+]D3]@L?LN?LO\`Q._9EOOCY\4_B-:?$_Q-\:/$]Y\37DTCP9\1_#-_


/[T









MU)O^56K:MKWC+Q]XK_:G\6^*OBMXS\2_!.\O/'NH?##P9:/IO@GX727W@C



M=?*]N^!G_!+#PY\#?VGO#'[5UI\??BCX_P#B=H7[/?B/X':IJ/Q$CMO$5YXJ


^G


_AAXV^%VF?%B_^/UO?7/@V]M=-TC0O#=\\

[RQ?$VI_P#!*CXM_%.\^'.LZ3I'C?X'?$CP#\.?
M!GPTUGQ%XM\=Z#X]^&/Q/TGX4:U87/PZU+QAX`TO2M*@230(1=:G;:#IZP:3



MIK_P58:?X8M=2\.OJ



M$_CC5?B'X=T_0KWPYJWPX\2^!?%L_AGQC\*-7\*^$Y?!^DW?@#Q+8VZ:UHL%


M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%076/





M-21)!NC='7.-R


M]*N=/LKVXBMIH+2[O8;M[:VNIH;RTEBMYI4EDBNK:1$99XBP!T]%8/\`PE7A
MC^U(M#_X2/0?[:G.(-'_`+8T_P#M28XNCB+3_M'VN0XL;TX2%N+.Z/2WFV:5


)N)9VB34VD6&*W5IY)2H1(`9681@M0!]%T5X;JO[3W[-FA

\2:!XN\-:K$9]+\0^&-
M8T[7]#U*%7:


:8




M0VY2&:0@DG./




M_PB7P

MI9;
VE]8*&6.)Q(DA)*E1GY:^'7_``0M_8V\+_?X_?#?X@ZG\5_C9K_`.U






_P6G[/GP!^)?P'^*7A'Q)\7M3UW]GCX
^(/@-X%T_Q




M-




M3X=_L^_MQ_&WQ!\5_P!GS]C[2O'%M\+O$6MZIJOBSX/^
='U73KAO'EEXSU+



M?X?_``]\:V_Q%\)?#O\`X69XH'@;2_&EL\


MKH6@V^IW:
M^#VFBE-K;Z+:-+








M/BL+WQ


MB3QM+X@BBGCDAFL(XYO$LFEIH\B2RAM$73QHY:61_L.]V8]C^TG^RK^S]^U_

M%LD\\D









W_!


\M8(HII
M-S*B\BO:*\)T3X:/\`O@AX<^%'[,'@/P59:7\._O_-?#WP9XH\2ZYX=\,V
M%IING77]D6E[KMCH/B_662?4_LXU*^DL+V]D2YO-0D:ZNQY4_P'WA[XY?\`

$^_^DZM\0-%MHOVAA\0-;\5_#[P?X`^P:E!KT^K?

;P-XFNM5LM2T4`_HWHKY]^#]


M]72O$K:5=:Y?07VD:9:266_2Y+I9;JZMY7
J1R@+\A7/[-'_``6E
MG]D_X*
M)?L]


YW\N]W^Q+H
[PD?=6W%KX
MDT]&5LDN9Q(V54(5&[(!^WM%?@]+^R__`
%]II957_@J/^S39PB1Q%+;_L1^


0CF*Y\1ML9EPQC


MFFU\52VL
FM6O@C]BGQ;+X?LKYXD-Q9Z5J.O?M8)J.IVEO-O2#4;S2]*FNX]
MLLFEV;DQ``_16BOSZM?@7_P40@U2&]G_`&]?@[=V

MO#^U%=2Q@`J/
2`D


$@%@2*_)C6

M2R2.Q!8GYL#RKQG_`






MZ6/#'@GPOH3:)IAT729M

?EHJ;=J

M_P!I+XR?%/Q%^UMX`F\+W&LW$NH:[XWUI?%7C2Z\.#0E^T7/AA=)TCQ#-IUI
M9W5OJ%S]E_\`!$WX'?`+_@HM_P`$X?&?Q4_;:U!_C5^T]\2_BW\3?!_Q+^+O






B^%K+6;T
95(/]]-OX)\&6GBV_\`
M']KX1\




M!\EC


=(XTDE9#(ZQH'=@JX

MN/V;/$7PU^

^
UZG_``A3^
4\2:HOPSU+1[NZACT+QG\-+)(-

MX%USX8ZW^SM\(-:^'?B;Q9#X[\0^-8\Z#JOA?6O&=N&$'B?4M%O[.XL+O6
MXMS



M_N].TJ3Q!KNI7&GZ3:K'8:5;2QV&GPV]E;P01^OUQ_C_`
/^(_%/@_7?#_A+




MZ;W6;JXEMVLO


M&@W.B3:CJ









+CXA-\*6^'/AJ
M/P.GCR[BN8;CQG!H$-A'8VOBF6*\NT.O6T46IC[1


?MD?LR?LP








M`O[#G[
W[

M!R?#OX

M45D`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%13
MG$

MQ)&;S4)H+6YGBL[<27
D-O/(D92

\YCDF$
(=E\R4Q0RR^6FY_+BD




MOR?^+'QM_:F_X(_?#SX_^*?&NI?#WQ5X8^-OQJ_:^^*_[/OP[7Q/X]\:P?##
);Q]<\<?#+







M=6F@VT^K6_B71/U+\6?#[P1X\G\(77C/PKH?BBX\`^+;3Q[X+EUO3[?4&\


M\

M0!0!_
'\




M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

MT51117S9]0%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!

F


:W7JOZU/G^T9!&WFS*&
C'J#\O

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH

M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB

M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

?0G-..Z]5^8'SW&0?
(Z

M`
VGY_U9GT/1117G'V(4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11



?-DPS@%BN\X)

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*

M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`



M3E!\UXMQ=DK73L[:H^CJ***\\^IBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@

M\1^


6$/!<PCS89'0@U]'4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%4M2!;3K]1U:RN@/J8)`*NU1U-MFFZ@^=NVQNVSC.-L$ASCO
MC&<4X[KU7YDS^7^&7Y






M2;1[6RU/^P-
6\U6+5?'?B&__M-]9^)5_&FMP^'[RW\*^'['0]
&OGQ-^?'B




NWA[Q[X;U_4%U

WOBW]IKPCXNO-;MO$VO:5K-KJQA\)^`'TGPUXF\&:19




%E/J?C6T\7^$]*L/

-%^%



M5^%OCG6_AK\1A_8.H_$2P^

FK:-







M3\:K7XF?!:Z^
G[









M9/[2S=(JR*($QE^&/A-K/[




M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?



MO^7.E_M-?'P_\`$/PS^U#\*M

MOM#BT[1;&PTJ6SLX;2[/B74+8VEI#&QN$^@/VK);R']F[XUR:?J'Q$TJ]7X=






M-_X?U_2=%L$N)[G6KW0O%$&OW
U^+B.66)H61[=;@22^=MCN?\$R/$/C'Q9^

WP4^
^B?#:Y^+GBV^^&@^('Q


M3PO?^._A3K5[XQDM_CE\2OAQX'\6^

MSU[1CJ=C/9#5=$N[JUOK:UU?3C/]LTVYN+*\@@O8899;6XC5HG_)_P#X)L^&
M_B)\2?@1^TM%\0_VA?VA?%FKZK^TS^TC\*?#_B[7_%&B6WBKP7X'^&'QA\9^
T^'9
M\


))#%*5'D&K?''
MX\?&;]CSQ98:I^U9XT^`?Q4^#_[=7Q&_9H\
_$SX?Z#X=?QG\9XOGQ\5?#


MS3O`6E6VL?%R.33WTOX@^)(=.5+GQ)-DEL#9:C?JTC&PE=1$3Y;EAFO$_V


M[&\6VM#!%






M@JSTR=C)X(L?V;-6T_P?J@\07=PD3ZMJOBK68M0U@QVUO!#H\=PFF![P6OVR
M?


OV5=$^!_Q5@USQU?ZJOB63X'_#^?X+^'[O







MCOP]XA\'ZOH_[0?QG\$V'@[Q;IWAS3O%'A+P[X5\77%EH/A[Q!'X3U77=!FU
-F#[IM)]2**<1%OFWR%3]HN

**LN_:

MCGPW-#&`9)XM9TN2)


&'QQX6=2&;=_;


9[YI


:'#O^[N6.Q3]YCP
C)Y

G=J]B/YST`=517(+X_\

9`/VO!ZCO3_`/A8'@3!8^
KMOX





M9WBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH



D



23[_10!

BT=1;_8K0
MP6[N6N'1KAC)7O%%`'Q;I?\`P3]_9CLFG&L^'_B1\0K0Z1JFA:3I/Q=^/OQZ

UBTM;Z#X=^'OB5\2?%&A_#:8VUA8PVM]XT_P`.7]A'8V8L+FV^



/'J
MZAXY\'_V)=ZE?:6OA6_L=&TS2]/6TNM8U25?M&CWK2_;9DG:6
JJ_;E%`'@?

OBCX_\1^*OLJ:QXE^*'C:[\4ZD]M9%S:V=E906VD^'
MM+@B+L2=-T2UN)CC[1/*%`%CXU_`'PI\;D\




'I[4@'


T`?
Q=0\H+#BXN%!/=5GD1


MCRO?^N47_HP4LGW(?^!?RHHJ)[KT_5DS^%_+\T=#X;_UM]_V#KS_`-$FNVT?


M^O.7_P!&RT45WTOX:_Q+_P!*0$'AG_CZG_ZX2_\`HY:[Q?\`4ZA_OG_T9117


MU=*_YJ?]@V[_P#1!HHITMH^C_*):Z?+_P!QGK=W_P`?L'^Y;_\`HM*UKG_5
MZ7_U\W?_`*4QT45+W^4?R0^WJ_\`TN)WES_QZ'_?7_T*FW/_`#+/_KJO_HT
MT45C+:'I^B+C\7_;R_*)-J'_`![Q_6P_])(JPK/_`)\G_7C;?\`HR[HHJZ'
MQO\`PO\`-#Z+U?Y1.LT?_EP_Z^)__1LE=&W^LU'_`*ZP?^ABBM)_$_E^2$=
M5XE_Y!%A_P!=Q_[2KUC1O^/#1/\`KY'_`*#%114@?0R?\?&F_P#7`_UJBG_'


begin 644 v334147_ex10-15x6x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_P``1`0Z`T@#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BF&1!(L1=!

M#_#7BG5$\
3:5X

M\'C6;'1KC2K76M9L[:^O+8




M=VUS*UMXLTG09M!\0ZWH=W#;W6GZ'XP\(Z@PDBUN'9V=`!156^OK'2[&\U/4





MNE-S;:M;P:]$_P!AET9/[1W[%[Z2QLY-3M[6TU)[6W?4+2QO)M1L;6^:%&N[


.2;2=6L[
MBTEFAN=





*/)(ZHK


M72-1T#5]5^&?@.W\87FM^*/&?BGQ9X



.@0

MA)\5-(EO_$5UXDL-?UV'7['0/#7B33]NH:7HGBC2-1\`:3XN\*V^FV]K!_PF

MOB[6/$_A#QM]`:=J6G:O:1W^DW]EJEA

MHFF^(O#VJIE_I.JVL=W9W!MKF&]LYO+D!,5W87]M:ZAIU[8[O3M1M;6_LI





;?Q7X#_8[^-?A6UM-8OO!'B'P5\1_C%^SSXS










_!GB4Z3J6EQW_A_6M!&E:WX?UK6](U


:


ML[V'7H`\'^



M[BZ73].L-*T;6_$_B+7=3:UN[]=(\
^$_^G:SXI\4ZR=/L-0U'^Q_#FCZIJ
M?]FZ=J.H_9/L6GWD\/D\/[1WA[7T^-(^&G@/XG?%F\^`VM^*O!?C;3?.@:-

MR\57_A'Q#\&/'P5^,7A%M9U[0O/[._CCP;X
\
^'K7QW^S_P#$S3O%\.J0



\$^.?%EI`MK)J^FZCJGARXT_6[ST6OG_P/_PT


$GK/A*XT.7P


MLMEJ6E:KIM[%/9:AINH64\UI?6-W#-:W=K-+;W$4D4CH:OAS2[S1=(M]*O+Z
M#4/L




MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`*@GN([?R?














M*\U:




^'FB1:#

M'B#6(]-CN]&ELO#TFB6-MX/O;Y[R$Z9J/B6^\26^JVN;/4H=3T#PEXLTN6&W
M:ZBO;?\`+_\`X(

MMU+1[[1[0WNL2Z7H.B:=X9T?3(=.TZRN]=U/1%DO=6@UKQ!=:KH.E^'_`.TD
N3ZXUE%XV\7:7_PBT?BO4)-%\,^
M/#GA/JOB5XCU'P]X9:'P^()O&/B:^M/7@FREO+UDN/$NM&1([]([Y+C[;



]1\(V7A4:5+%K


U34=3N<W%W*Q[&@`K\U?VSOCK





MQ=LCZEKVH:IJ



M]M:VUO&L4%O;P1*D4$$$2)%##$BQQQJJ(JJH`X#Q9\)_`WC'P]%X8O\`3]6T






UC=*-]



MQ7H.E^(M-@U6ULM6M$NH;37=%U7PYK5F6+)+9ZMH.N6=AK&CZE:3));7NG:E
M96UW:W$4D
T2LIH`XKQQ\

M#^++C1!\1OAYKM@;BU2_\/\`C&T\/:%J$1




^.K.STU





$5O9ZMKFFZ




M9'4-(OBLOAWQ]X*U&XM;C_A'?B+X`UCQ)X(U]8;BWLM:&K:?J^EZ;Z_7










M]S#!
(_`7[/NO\`AV^\)^$[O5-'
MG\&:7J5CXV^/?Q0T?Q3XJ\/Z/;Z]IWB;Q2;#0]#\7:AJFE:MI?@;P5!HEUI.
MNT/#OP1^(2:!X(TWXA?M.?&/QWJ_AC7-3U?Q'JVEZ=\+?AG!\1+.Z2UCTSPY
MXDL_`/P^TG4=+T/1'L8=1@;P=KOAO7-1U.ZU6'5]:OO#5]%X9LP?]F.[TFS




MU'3?!OC+P^D

L]_'J.JW5G


-^^BM'HOBR;1M

M&MX3O-
U#PMX:O\`151-&OM`T:\TE(AIBQKIESIUM-8+&NBL^CJBVKQ!!I+O

]<^&_PB^%?P[\
M3^+K[Q_XE\!?#CP/X+\0^/-4^V?VGXUUSPMX8TO0]6\7:C_:&H:M?_;O$E_8

M@FO]#N]2TR[T74)]+NY$





MJ%]

PDA$


`?)FL_`WP1^SSJ7B&X\5

M6M`UKPG\./`GQGU+Q[HVE:5!X6^%OPU\%_#;2_#/@GPEIW@BQTWP4/)/`W@.

M'QZ^



WQT\%^+/%O[+'@_X





M!\5OGVI/#WQ#\(Z#XNTRUU&%K35M-AUO3H+Z31M;L)`)],U_1)Y9=(U_2+I
M(KW2-9LK[3+Z&[M9X4]H`****`BBO@C_@IW^V+XN_8%_8B^
'[5?@'X07







MV.NV&F^`87N?$%W#K-Q:67A_5ORX_;]_8





MN[!;
MB%XBZ*PF@
D0WED5G#R13(K1/-0`5G6LM]-?7SM)ILFD+';0:?\`97FEOC?6



MTVSMK.V5G=EAA0

MW

MPW=VWAW4EU?3K0:KJUMI

M-?T=+'6]/L;^W`//;+3/&/Q.T'Q7IWQ*T/4/AUX;UUIM




M&GZE920WFGWT*R&2TO;26*YM+A8YX)$EC1AXSX



)!HVB7UQ]A0`X;P5I'


M?^%]/%EX




M(M



RZ6NJ6DW


M.]LY;?4=-N[K3KZ%X6CN[&YN+2X62WFDC8`X+X*_!73O@MIWCN'QIXU^(FN
M_$GXE^)/BGXQ\9_$#_AQXDU;Q!X@M-'T:ULF3P#X

MX9@B\/+?V_ASP]I4&J:EJ^H1W&HW/L]9NCZ-I'A[2]/T/0-*TW0]$TFTAL-*


MVUW^UM#\1V-[?:1IFFZ'XVT^'B;1O?:\+^+GP'T#XFZCH?C?2=8UGX<_&3P

^*OAFV\6^!M;@UC2Y9Y]/OX#




WBG[;I
&T+1
M'U-=;;1M*;64V;-7;3K0ZFGEV]S:1[;\PF[7R[2]O+5
2C9;W=SN(YY5?SU
M;;XR:!JE]]GU#P9\1?\MI$=








MKHWB[5+'Q=H'A?2-:U..V\0^*-



MB^%M(L8+W4+/3PJPQ6&DVUCHUK--96@6+R-+M5AM9Y;6U@KM*`/(?A='XDU#



ME:9J7B#4=(T#3M6G\4:)I']E:AKNJZ;HMEJ*VMUJM]:V$5Q
@!V-%5K.Y%Y:


MZM?
NJ_)?B;]L;]KV^\0_$R#X7_L



M7BOP]KNFPW6F:AX7\'Z+X_\`VCI(KNVU=K;4Q\5M+O-.AO;=9KFW`/R'&C_M
M3_$/5/V//VM?A-XBU+P%J7Q=^/G[27PL^
=]\7M+\8?&+Q7\(_A#\:?C?+XT


M'C#QGXJEB\(V/@_P=H6N:]XYUA]?U`:=H.D^$='TZ[U:WTO0K.V@TZU@VO#W




M:_*G]L?_`(*__LU_L8?$3QC\

MX-_:F_8^T;X(_M2_LX^

M#X1^)%W\*+73W\-Z[$NKZO%K%I))JU_I=UX3`/?_`-K'_@J]:?!C]O']GZ;X


M!_P2!\3^-?V3/$SZQXE^
^L?L&?$W]F#Q5I/A:X\4Q^(O$OB;]KC]F?Q[\#M
M1B\.7%E/YNF^(]8F\+&YFUG3Y=
T;3;^;5?$-H^E:?J$)X#XM_\`!)/XZG3O
MA&?V




M_L3[2_\`9'V[[9\W]J_8_+_M+R/]$^T[_LO[K;6K0`4444`?G_\`MR_\%1?V



_V



M:[EM!





MO'-WJUQI]V`?C7H_ASXFVO\`P42_;\^*G[)OAKQ3\0?B!9_MV_`+4]83P#X)
M\
0Z5K_PX_:P_P;GPDU#X;?%/XXWWCCP[X@OM6\


M9\_9P^


M'P/^*G@GP%^TI\!_V)OCKX+TW7/$OC;Q%X3^#^O^%OV/M&\



M7.GK-YT@TZ[F6[



4CO(H6MF@`KS+X.:?=V

M5T#5?$EYH]]#HVM:AHD-S921Z+
-+6TC3TVO./@]J-]JOPG^&M_JNOW'BG69

M1^U6VB:SJ6G16]Y










NCQ1\O@MXF&GZII(\1?7X<ZZ-*UM'BUK3!J_@[1M0&GZ
MO')IFBR1ZI9?:/LU^DFCZ2Z7<<JMIE@P-K%SDFH23?M1VFE1V'F1:=\`M0U

M`
/_`-L=;C_@K/\`L*_LU^`O@5XEA^%7A+]BS]H/X*Z/XPTSQE9^()+#3_'?
MPW_8=_:(\
_$O7?HT;2M1T7X'Z5:?!36_@+X+^*VOMI\/Q5^-%M\1OOA+2




MMO'6D^)+W2?#$-U















VME!X5\+^-_
M`5CK.I:G?7^IZQXC@^$_C?X?OXGUN_F2?6O$
VJ:JD
=O=P9`/5KN34TN-+6



MIJMAI7C;PMX?\7:98ZY9?V;K=EI_B32;36;*TUC3O-F^P:K;6U['#J%EYTOV
M6[2:#S9/+WD`N1W^HKXFNM







M

=1T/P;H
M.F^'-'NO%7BW4Y]:\4^()-
TFWM;+^UO$6LW-UJVM7JP+/J6IW5S?W;RW5Q-

`C;3--?4HM9?3[
M%M8M[&XTR#56M+=M2ATV[N+6ZN]/BOC&;J.QNKJRLKFXM$E6WFN+2UFDC:2W

D40:1U13+/*D

89B`9)II(XHD!W22ND:`NR@\=8VGCR\





LKG4]2N8[.WD
MN'M]/TVRCFO-0OIEC
=I96D4MS=W#1P01O+(BF#4]=T/1)-)BUG6=*TB77M5




M=







?$GX6?\%`_%WC7]F'
MXU?!#]JWXT_%7]B_]K?_`()W?'Z?X;^






\/^&-'T
M[0=$TZ'.?)L=*TJVM+TBSSY=O;QIGG%;]%`!1110`4444`?B/\`\%:_^Y_


M]'O_``5:\6?\$V?AA^RCXF^*?_!3_P`?;QQ\`_#NHZ?H^G:?\`$;X;6'Q+




M;X@U)/%-U\$-$_9C^'=QX[N?BQX
^).L:WX:^-WC/2==^&$OBZ=M-^&7@KP5
MX*^

_;=TOP/
VDZ?

MC+\4/$VJ:MX\UWP%X-\`:]\&=



MWQ[JWB_3P#]8OA!XT^'_`(B^WPE\:^_$NI:G\.O%/@+X=WO@?Q'XTUW5]2






M;76=1_M?48/.CGU
P

@L!\1O#_A34==TSQ'X5MXM<T?QA+X3U%M)@U&YE
MT&]DU7PQ8^)_LHU26R^PZS;Z#XMEL-$U:PO8]7T:PT;5[^]T1_$.A:OW]%`!
M7D!D^(.K?'%$LO$







IEF6TM+6V61V$%O!$$B4`GKR/4])OO$?QH\.3SZ_H1\-_#3P


6/A?P=H'Q/\)V-FVDR:/X
MX;XBZY+]O6^^'ZP5UWCWQWX6^&7A#7?'7C34I-+\-^';1;J_N+;3=6UW4[F6


MPX)=.\+^%+70_#EG*N@Z7+?'39M9U2*\U_5=8U?4@#NZ\K^+6C:[XCTOP;H7
%M7U?0O`GB_3/B/XE\(Z<9/#?B1O$-OXQ\/






M7?020WTUUKEZ([;5([W3[2*=1H=[CZBKY'^*US9^'OA3^U'XI\3W?QBN_#'C









D/V+4DU+3&TS5[;3;R[NKG1HM6TC5`#M*X#

MM=\$Z7IW_1(FDV&EQ^,]/\`%=AH1O-*TZWO9]_PIXIT#QQX8\/^,ONHQZO






MTK-*A$8F




!O9[J]DMV
$'

:MJ&F65YJ?AR^U+

MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`_G+_`.^'ARZ\(?$?_@EO^V9\3_!FM?$C]B?]BS]JWQ'\1_VO?V



M_PD+VGP[^




?


)1\0_%














(AM62\ENK
0
TC
MHM
MR'WQQV:`
Z#46FU34-
;3M2@%A::==IJ4\$0TO4%U%[^
P:?=1SR/+=V#Z



MOHWB[2-=T
SZ;












ML;_5O[
AMXM.T+2?LAUGQ-K^JWMMH_AGPIH:ZA=6.GOKOBOQ%J&E^'-$2_OK







MU?`ZV







MMF^)=#^&O_!*[]B_Q!X$UW1(O^$I\7+I'@_5?VP/BUXBT72=5TZ2=+?PGH'P
M^M-\&^#IHG_`+%\2WDGA[Q+J\B:K%+HOBGPKJ6L[`'^B[17\K_`/P01_X.


$


UK




M1+'5K*2XCN-







MD6IQ:=K45HFL:1I-_903:S9P:YIWAYX=5:_U32M9UFVN(=!URXT.*ST&\T&Q



CK'-(@#M:HHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`^'?^A_[#GA;_@H=^S3J


MR;X6R_M!KXQ;X


T:UT/4K^3QUXCNM=TZ
M?PUX4U#0K?7_`!!H`!_6A^RS\

MX]:EX%T_X:7_`

M$U-X;.W^@*^-OV!OB1^V#\7/V7_``'\0OVZO@9X1_9O_:,\17?B6Y\3?![P
M9XA@\3:;X7T&'Q!J%KX-EO-2M?$OB^VBUC6_#4&G:[J.F+X@O+G2)-133=4M
M]+UBVU#2+#[)H`*_/']L#Q[XS_9?'C;X_?#[X+_LN^)=\6^%/#N@?%SQ)\;



M.L:/:VWAW6+S4/#D2Z30!_/?^S)X.N]#\

7PU\/_


M$4%CX9U2^US5M


MV5]83VM[:3PS1;)&M[B
75G+=:?=K/87EW;3`&Y17EFGW7Q4T'Q#J5IKUAH7


G\+_`74=

M;V-\MA\3_BM8QV6CZEXVTP-X@TGQ/\)/A#J:ZQ%XQ\
:ZMY9Z?#XX^
$'A_3


L(

M'WPO\)^-&M-9@L;[PGXTU_P?JSOK/PYO=5TW1+FXTB74O#VOZ3K?@OXD7GA'

MGCSQ[!KXE\;_``HT


MDVDU_J-[
(TDD
5I9V\T\@C1WV1ML1FP#I111011PPQQPPPQI%%%$BQQ111J
M$CCCC0!$C1`%1%`55`50``*^:O$^L6?Q;\5WN@RSV5K\$_A'KT6N?$WQ1J(T



M7M+75+97$.H6\%VDT2]Y6'X8\


M54%F(`)KX[_:O_:\T']EK2CJNL:3!K




M\/
`?=/B/QD^B7/AVSTKPGXN\:W/B1[J2$^$K+2Y--TS2[*WAFN=:UKQ%X@U

_%'PI



`?K-KIL1HFLG4Y;Z#31I6H'4
M)]
GU6UU*&Q%I
;N73[K0I(M;MKZ.W\Q[2?1Y8]5AN!')I\B7:PL/E']EWP=

MBJS\/V47Q3\`?`/XI6/B*VTSP58:O=?LR_LS7GP[MH['6-6OM9L;J]TG7?C9
MX1TG3_'GA32]3\1WME\3Y)V\1^$=-D9KG5=)M9`#^U_]N[_@XO\`^7/[6D


M^`OPWTWQ9XB\8^#?'FF:%%H4_A'Q%#X(TSP4LVC:_?2^
=2@3XE_X)Z_\&?7


M2CLK9$@@DU/5;R6*!(K:)TMH88HP#^0#]B/_`(





.O#0]


MXHT^:




M3QZGX;?1(]&N-%.I7


M017


TK3O$GB+Q5J7B+6]6BM`#L:Q[FUT_2FUGQ

MMUN9W-&ZU#5]-U^274Y_#-GX(GTW1[.ROKK4;JQU^/QEJ&NR:7#ILD%Q`=(O





&/$?B'PWXMU&RG3Q


_B/Q%+8S^(-?FTZ

M\

]QJ-M/I.G1Z7

M4`N(KB2PA:&ZN[6&UDU(VTT=A+J%Q96DSQR
US'%%-+'S'BCP#H_COP7XA\!








$@/VEM?^!_[

:Q^T/\;/B-J.O
M_'#3?VC/V.=)UJS\3^.X=5FTO7/#7[0'[8VAZM^T!KWP\O++4]#U:YU+P+\0
M/CK\-9=(\57E]JKZ3I^N^
;W6-2_O5_:-L/BGJG[/7QXTSX&7=II_P`;=1^#




MKO3[VVCG::TG2
`^H**^-_A[_P`%%O\`@GS\7/$]GX)^%/[=?[&_Q.\9Z@I;



O_B3X<^
WC+PC

GB[QGJ_A3Q;K'Q




U*TU+['))L?=8ZA]D^P:I;
M[1]KTVYN[7?'YWF*`9OAC5-6U71-+N?$6BQ^&/$LVFVESKOAE-7LM=&C7TWF
MQ3P6^K62PQ:GIK75M=#3-3:ST^:_M(TFN=
TR\^TZ=::TMA8SW=K?S6=I-?6
M








#P6_BWQ)X:@TJ6X2R\376@W\-Y:VH

MQHK63R^
(^BL_BKKUWXC3P__`
*0^



O\`6?&VM1V%QJNIK;^$=*L[Q-%T
M.+3K:[ETS4-3\1C6[^73-62_\+Z);1:9=ZN`=.USXI&G1RIHV@-JYNKY);%O
M$NHIIR6

M)ZQ-J



M7/C7X2^$OC2]^$-_XJ\-V^HZ=\3]/TGQ)#?66D^%]2O-4T^RUCPCX(_XJ?QQ




MN]4@UA[72?IJ]^%7Q5^/8UO2OVD$\$Z!\%[W5=-O=*^!?@#4O%][K_BC2[&R


4D^E?`B


MU[4]2UK5[Z6:^U._N[N:69]Z"U@AM;6&*VMK:*.WMX(TA@@@A01Q0PQ1J

7Q8T7Q

MVU'PKIGC$`ZOQUXH\9:KXHLOA;\.M-U*SO+[33J/C[XJ'^SK73/A3X;U*'4[
M729O#$.O:/KFE^.OBQKNH6

/G





MU[6+R^UG6M0O]4OKN\F`.GKY'_;C35?#GP*\'R:A:6^+OVN?V8I`MY9W5P


C:!X%\4Z%/XN








M#MS=:AXBTS4-8T_0;
`_);]B'_@A3_P20_98^(&C^%[#]E+X._%?X\^%?A3\



MMJMWKGBC6+?1/#GAWZ-^'GPC\#?635-/^&'A7P9\.?!&I6^ES_\(#X`\^$








_8



M7_B'2+#4M







`TJ*RK_3KN\OM$N[?7=5TJWTJ^N;N_TN


L].TU+J[=6N


M]]/:(MH)A$;6PFN)+&QD?SW^TRV-M;RWI6$WCSFW@






_PL_:M^&FH


M'PEM_!X\1-J7@S2Y_&=S/8P:7I7LW_!(?5OVB/BM_P`%
_\`@I!^U1\3/^?
M_PT)^P+X
_:
^#'[*=SJGA;XP6MVVB?$'XM_#&;XD^#]0\6Z7JXT;0-#N]?
MD\'S:1#JFFZ-8275EB?7/$$B7OBJUN-2\L_X+X_L12_&'6K[XI:M_P`%T;S]
M@7P_?Z)I-C;_`++'QN^.I^&W[./CVXTO19;77+&PTWPO\3/AYXP.H^*]!TZZ


MH&K:







M@U*Q\/SOJT\&G3MX=U/4=.L;RT-U);?;[.[O[&;6=)^W:7;RW+.+*\OM/N[J
MU^SVNHM;SQWP`-F5&DBDC262!WC=%FB$1EA9E*K+&)HYH3)&2'02Q2Q%@!)&


M?^'_``_8ZI$D3^'-.C\57UY;:BS^'=*NY(O$.HCPG`?#\D/BN;6M#)TJR\61
M/H&G:9XG67[?K%UX4T6:6#Q#=_V[;SMX?@LY;^QAT3S;.^U?[1H9L]
;65UV


MX?M/'I\2^M4^//PWL?&FA:_H_\`:EAI]_\`KQ'X3EUO0OC-?W-Q?:?HWPB

$VM:O








M)8Z?)N?&[XNVGP3T?P;J5QJGP1\












\0ZYHUHMGXUN+?QE\
_'7@S7=9T

-*TCQWJ_@SP1\(]'^-GA'PQX$T7P[X4\







-0^QZC:^




MT
T:2Q2Q.LD4L4BAXY(Y$)1XW0AD=2592&4D$&J(TFP&KOKHBD_M-]-CTEIS





IB
L+
H9HI##)-9(R2CF*66(L8Y'3
M#$`@-Y+Y-/*7?GO:27BRPOC8B&*:*!D?4Q;G38[LO


U+4K32HH`JW5_8V36B7MY:6CW]VEA
TNM.LY8




6M:U:^&

MV`+_`(D\5:-X6M%FU*XWWUU!JSZ)H%F8KCQ'XIO-&T74?$-YHWA31?-CO/$&


VC:5_:=YJ]KHT_\`

M^)FK_%C]NG_@HM^Q-\8]3\+']ESQK\?KW4?BEXQDTB;_`(0'6(=1TO0-!\:)

_M\:!X0_9I
M^-'QG@^%'A7X6K\'_P!MGX5ZU\4O@A]A\!ZWJWB7PYK7@:[\)^(=$NOAKXSO


MAT3Q?X0^'MY\7_'UOX/3PW\*=!TC6I?AP_Q3N9])^UQ:-JFAZQX(\0_#B&VT

M^&.AFYTR'4=)UW7()?B!\3O!=J=)\*W\6ORR7
=U''=Z9::G9W'Y._L]?\%V










M3=5MA?:9?:EH^H)=Z5J5_9W`!_.AI7_!YK_P2;U#1-2U:[^'O[:NA7]C]L^R

CW_`-AL

MPQ=6H:!M``DF




65F-0MXG



)?VE-$\<6<&O:)\4-.U
MC4O[)@^&/@Y[JP6?3I-(FNX98YKF#5W1`#X_^#/_``=/_P#!.GQ+\:[:]^+?


M/B3X/T?1_A#\+]=N_B;XIL/!_@F]U'2T\
7VM^#O`OC_`

MOO%6HZEX+\&:6OBF'6-?\`^#9??O@/_`(.4_P#@GI\1/#OAB]\.?MJ?LM?`
MC1(O#.B6NIZ-\3O`?[6_Q,\=:#XB_P$;L[N^T*XT?4?AM\!K/5K70=1N[?0


MT'QGI]S\:?\`@I7K7[1GQ&O66*VU;Q_\
_VC=9^$FB-KJ7FE&/0/AYX#^=C
M^SSX/2SU*^TV;Q#JFC77C.RT2YDA\3^-+RS+SM^D?P6_PX'_!)[]H7XB:

M[5










%S?WUJLEGIMVX_I8_X)4_L&67[%/[$O[+'P1UQ[








M#^LWT6O7VMQCQ;!#I]YX:\*7






T]S8+;7-Y;


M-8L=%MM

M$^N?$/7[6XFU:XFT[1=/DFU;PUX2TKPC\/K@(^A6NJ6-K#X-MK+2-;N=3U;1

M3N+6S@WM\J^;







MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_DX_:;^%O_!9SX$_MC_\`!275?^?/@[_`()Z?'/]

M(B_L8?MZ?\$VI_@1X&3_`()#?LO6NF_$K5M+\-_M%_MW^%?VN_`_COXPW_@7

T^T^+?PQ\$_$BVL=-U^.WBUW3K.#Q



P6XLKRWG1)%_16OY4M._:4_X.._V(/A=9

MQE^./BSQ/XZ\8Z!X%TEKG2K2ZT2ZU'4)=)$

GC'6M82TMOZ3OV?OCE\/OVF


7Q1U61GCF\.6WA;Q=IT\5O

M[0


MS;]XOV[=+?6OV)?VOM-AM;J^N;G]F/X[?8K.R%RUW=:A#\

M$LE[%;HMH@=;PG[++%-%

M



M
THW=^=
T^*VL8H[+3S?7ALK98K8W=QY?G/U]`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`




MC1GL/#6@VH6RT/2=.LU6W&DEO


MI_CC2-)\163[KP/IEUXC?Q0-7\96U_



M_L]


MWPDU?5+S5IX!J.L7=[?&RM9[Z2VTJQ-P;32=+AL])TZ*VTZQM+:$`\M^)?P;

M!MWI




M?PQX$^`

(/VE?7@CQ/X0\40Z9X;^(NA_!9)=2\11_M:QXLG
M^(%K]<:5^R+\2OC?\/I=!_;6UCX<ZYXBM/V=KC]GO0KGX2W'BW6;FSOO$4_P
M^\0?$3XWW7B_Q_9Z=+/XY\1?$+X1_OQ]\.=#'@L7/P6UKP9+-_PL'XFZAK[

M]$J`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH





M_8@\9_\`!03]C'Q/\`?AOKOPUT7XA6OQ$^$?Q7\%P?&G1=8\1_!GQ1KOPF^(


M]H;]O_Q-_P`$3?\`@GW^T!9_M`^`_$/P/\-_L._LZ_$?X9_#KP;\`HK7PYX-




M+J^DI;KJNF:)IB&RT[3](T_2M-_JSK^
_2_V.]$\!_\`!2'_`()):)#\5/%3
MZ+^S/^UE\:_V*-.?3CHMAX=NM!^#'[`'P?\`VFM.@T*37+74KCX8WGBSXY?#


M444`%?
TUUX=3]LC3K)99U\67/[



MH!]$4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?'?Q
\WXI?M:?`;X7V&H2KH/[/VC:W^U1\

M-?@'4;U](AU/2FUC[$KY`_9



M


MOP7\.M







M0^+?@KXAUF27^U[#4?MEFMYX#U;4I/'7AS4FO+*./Q/H5K9^+M4_H6UK3='U
MK1]6T?Q%I^F:MX?U;3+_`$W7-+UJUM;_`$?4M'OK66UU/3]6L;Z.6RO-
O+*

MM(_R#Q1HOA^Q^/UUK1?'?X)^%8+6?2M8M_%^C2^&[F_P#CY8:9J
.G7YE\


M:@'94444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`445\(_MK


KK0IO'VOZ!JWAB;5[+X:^
]?OM:N_#/A3PA/X7\6^)=%UN
`



M_P`)?%/P
MI);/P7/XYN]6\6^+-4\!^-?#6I:==WNG^Y^+?V1-6UGQ=X]A\


U6W^%


MZ3]5T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!


MWPGK5CHNH:5!I]SIMO'#_






M36='\3?M!_!&Y\1:KFF_P#/7

M5=(T6U`/Z=:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`OE3Q?_R?!^SS_P!FJ?MD_P#JW?V$


MEK/B.W\::YHUWI.EWM]I^G7-S;#^U=3TG2DO=3L_9_!/A#1/A]X
\(^`O#4$


MKX7\*6S7'BCQ=J4.C:!K5];Z)X6T?6-:U!-



/&O@V_^(WB;
M9H.H-XPT77/AS\(/&_@7Q3I5O]CTSQM%?/.+/SJ[^#W[27B;PQ9^
?VI?VU[
M[X.66DR7]]XU\_LGZ'\._A)\&Y?]S
#;:!XM^+/QO\)?%;X^3:AI2



G@QO&5CX




M1PWL.A^`=4MX5DL/A[HK37*S`']#/_!??_@Z
NI&^-/[!/\`P3TBU+1KBRO_






MM1T+1-8FTRYU?1M*U2XT2^34]&N-1T^TOIM)U*-&CCU#3);F&62POD1V1+NU
M:*X5&95D`8@@'E7P+_:$^$_[1OA*3Q;\+?$HU)M+N+32?&W@W6;&]\
?$SX4


M!#XB?!^T_:^\*?&#P7\1_P!D_7!IOB'P7\4_`.IWEGH7@SPO'X:O;?QQXA^






M^HZ%=3ZM-^R9X#_8335C=QS6?AKPS:01:+``5OB%_P`%$/'OB.^M_#_P+^&L


M_;#L_A/\:_C3X2M;R*REDT/]G_X?JRL_V3?V98M+DTO2[C3/BIXOE_:/\`



M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%






MQPO/#6H?&FV^&_@:#XOW_@QIF\'WWQ1A\



M:IL;F

M:!=_$G3KM[.-9-(C;Q!X
=[8ZR1XJTR2%V;19$TV?_A%/%40F

_@?\`$3Q'I/B?PUX2\:7NAOX-





MU_5-)TN^Y#3-8_;&^






MZ6EG?W!F?4M


M#EQ!LUR#3PZ

M9[F&WU&R




M:Z/IGB#P2OP]N+KX2B]M_&_BZP]9_:2^$.H?$E/A#XF\






MS01:CXDCUW7KW5]1O@#_`FOVF_V:?A3_P`/'?$'[%'[)4OB[5OFC?'SPI^

MZ+X1O]`T&674=8MKW4K[_:)_9Y^!G@7]F3X$?!_]G?X96]]:_#WX)?#CPA\




#_@J)^QQ_P`%(?@_X+@_8]\=


VN2Z]X?M/KK]J+X`?LY?M2^`=4^'G[3_P`-=*^+OP)N


MG^



M?&+PU\!_!?Q$UKPYJOP]\&_M(^
U\+2^



L5O;6\4DTTB1HS#X&^)
*M2^&]OXIF^)OQATD:8VI?!CX/VB_$+XD:%!J\UY%8ZG
MXXTW2;A='^%7AIH],U:[N/&GQ;UWP'X*L;+2-3N;WQ%;QV<I'PYJNH?MR?'7
M7S9Z9_PM*_7PUK\EEJ^@^&Y+S]A#]D76=/U3PW#J<5KKOQA\6^_BC_P4*^*




5]UQ<RN-VT
$55'1T44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7YS_


_[#GP6^+&N


MZ6_B[2?+_MBQ2QLX)-5L;G6+2UL;36(=


M_B_X#_L+?M3?#O\`:[\5^$?%T7Q`_:O^

?B!\;_BBFH?VG\1O





MXR:/^U/^PO\`#W0OA!X$^&/Q=\&ZV_P`\

L/%7Q:^./[-?[





MO[5^L_#_`%#4;O3Y;Q='-[^Q_P#M9^)-%N(;V._LX]$NM5\3^&-\+VVH7%O
MJD5U+X@704L([G6K?4].`/J^BBB@`HHHH`****`OEGXU06_Q!^
W[//P7U#

/A_\2_
MFHNUMIVC:Q\'Y=0:6;4K?3H:^IJ^%/V=O%?@_6)?VG_VR/'U]9^=/UCXC_$
M7X4?\)5X](\&Z5X


^!'C7XW_'[XC_

&TF`/V%\#?!S6_P!I3QAJ_P`9OVM/
M@G=^%--T;6=!M?@3^S_X[^)7_P=$\.:#X:%UK%G\2_BI\-/6OZK\!KCXPZ
MQXFU<7]E`1\3[CX<?\(;X0O?#/C\ZW:BXL?N;3-,TW1;TTK1]/L=)TO3X$M
M;#3=




GCTK3!?W




M4\:Z#I_@_P#NL^/H?'C8^&M#LI[VUALY-#N+6]N/UW]9_#3PO\3=!TZS



M!I.KZM+XA\0+X?TV*WU'Q5XEN+2TL;OQ5XQUN3SM;\8^*[ZSL+&UU#Q3XHU'
M5O$%_!96D5YJ
Z6\(3U*@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_CD_X+]?\'/A3X6


M%:_7_!*3]DG7/'VF67_``E_QX^(5P_PX^$'A/3;_2UN_OB[QGX/^(E[X/^


M:7.C^'X-

\

M/''BKP;J\7@K1=
\1^!#\1O#NE^)[/PMI!\;'PIXGM?'/A+6_%?@7QL;JUT?


M[0G[./Q(_9Z^+OP+LOC7\'?B):VEGXK^#6F75AX4A\3-)XPTWQ5'?VVK+XE\
M#+H.HZ/XKMK7QV?$&F^)-)\0V.J:4VM:'-=^)$L;:Z`/CC_@FS_P6



MPX_96_X*K:#I'PZ^*.I:QH7AF']IJ*RTW2/@/XY\0Z?J-D?#&I_&OPQ&UE:_

M)X[70M%\?^+=%\


MD7*ZCHVK_'G5]?\`$^C36JV'CC]FV.2::SA`/I+XK?&OX0?`OP_9^*?C+\3?


M/Q
U*Y\2_%3Q79226$K67BKXH^*+C6OB#XFLEDTO3&BL]=\2:A;0'3K$0Q1
MBTMQ&`?E!X-_9=_:,_:;U?7/%GQ7\)VW_%:[_8
UEXK_;[BO_CCX@\86VCB

M;PA\.;;POX3\(^#_`(2_#R%M


F%MYEA:M$



/!.

M
GP^O?'EKXOOO%.FZSXZTG6+N

MVG?CSX/T&WF.H?$SPI_P4?\`VA[WP+XPO+O2MN5N]9U3X6_&_3O#V]FC6V





M25;4?9PPB^2@#T[6OBA\





M[7?[37AOXB_LS?'#7_AI\-OVGM8N?V==9\+_`!OEU:_^#/Q%^`&@7'C']DGX



M@GTO3HK[2=2\*RVMWJGC)+SZGH`^(K?]K+XS7^G^%;NR_P='[9\-QXJL;&


[@T_[1HH`^4+KXD_M@:IJ




$8!?(_A_P#V=_V9/B3_`
'
G_!3

M``3.^*'_``4L_:3\0?\`!8__`(**ZGXI^-G@[1O%8D_9PB^
5KXLEO?BY\2?
M!WBD7?&BQ@'CRYT#P[X&^&?BGP_JNFZ3\+-,L_$GPEC\9:OX@\/^%M\






MB1_V3?][XB\6:I-K6E1?%#4[SQ!\3_CGXK\%FXU2;3OA;\(]!U+PEILFBV'
MPB\;_&7X2FWU'0OTDK^7#_@Z6_8H_;E_:G_`&9?@7\4_P!AN;QOJOBS]E/Q




M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`/#?VE?!/PM^(/P+^)/AGXX:GX0T?X


/[4'





M?P5\./$G[.GC?Q/\+[33_#_AKPY-9^+;?4`#^C:O)OBG\?/@5\#;.UU'XV?&
MGX3?![3[V2*&RO\`XI_$;P?\/K.[EG-P((K6Z\6ZSI$%Q)
;2Z$21.[2&VN`




M@MINF?[5?BC\*O%]IJLWAS3M*^+EY\0=7M_A?KL1\5MIG@L:MXKM_!T/C#P
M/XU`*GQGT/XHQ?7QI?_`!^_;*UKP_+\#OFL_';XDZ5^PU\,-+^OCOQC\


M#&EZY8-XL\7?M%?$WXPZ[H?C+QU=;0-=\
WOPF\-II?AO1K;7/!FHWMOJV

M!^!6J^./$]SX3U_3-



TRV\+7FD6=QX?M].

!M(!X'K]Y??\-:_`6UN[#1HIKK]F?]J6\OYHM3FN;^QOK7





MAGP5X



M-\(^%4U'58/!7@S3]!\)V^JZJNDOJE]]]4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111


MXVT271]'UZU\?R+I_@'QGH^A6%KK/A[2;KQ);6*7'B(0S16UY^UNEZIIFMZ9


(/B+X7
MTRU^(#6]G%/J$_BE+6'29?XU?V<_VH?^K?_``:V_M4WWPA^//PVUSQ3^SUX

M1J/#OQ1\#?VAIUA;:'_JW5X%^TQ^RY\`/VQ?A!XH^`_[2WPN\
?%KX6^+[;R

M\
_X)X_\%'?V7_\`@IS\!+'X^_LQ^+)]1TJ.]DT;QMX!\2C2]-^)GPN\2QRW

M``;\_P#!43_@DI^U_P##/XQ_\$=?&/Q[^+OP_P#&5[8Z'I?BSPIJ-C%\1_`-

M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#.

M

M?5_@Q\0_C1\.-;^'/P_\



MI'B2W^.G_!


_QF^&\G_!1O_@E%;KXYU;Q#X^^-W_!
M



M-$T?6_[.U71_[8TK3]4_LC7;/^S];TO^T+2&[_L[6+#S)OL.JV/G?9M0L_-E











M[[3I]YY4OV:[BAF\M]FTU/%GA^'Q9X6\2^%;B]U+3;?Q-X?UGP_/J.C:A?:3



MWIU_X*\






MR^)%Y\.!;ZY\

2R^
-/LI_''PGAT_X



Z?I-A'+/)%;PFYNXS/<2Q00AYI$1@#O*Y3QMX[\#_#3PSJWC7XC^,OG@#




K_
M`(+#_P#!O7\25U9?VA/V-?B)\2?%O[

&?!OA-(M
M3_9B%_JEN_A^SU^;X::W=:/9:]XU\33V&M?IM_P3T_X)
ZE^P%^W#_P41_:0





\0:#X7U6Z^-7P&\.Z%KM[9?#R/Q2U_KNKZE\=





MAUK3EM=9M]%U^WTOQ1I%K?P:=XKT'P]XDMM5T+3OYC/^0__``7#_9L_X+/V
M_P`'/A9\=K^;X*?MO?!+6[CXNR?`+2M?U/PQ\%?V@O$G@[2=1TO1?&7A]NS

='L/B-8Z1\0;3X667C3PY^R_[40L/B



M4=%`)Z***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B

M$/\`9.^//B/XO?#X0_$GXT_!7]IYO=3^-OPC^$

+?AYI0\'?$?P-X9U#PE\:H;7Q1<WEMXZT'X7^
M+\+3/XJ^+/




M_A3I'Q

M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`445PWQ/\;:=\-/AI\0_B/K&I^&]$TGX?\`@;Q;XVU3
M6?&6MKX:\(:1IWA30-0UV]U/Q7XC:WNUT#PW86UA+=:[K;6ETNE:7%=7QMYA
M`8V`/`_VN?C`GP[\':9X%BC\7:7JOQMM?''@32/'OA?Q9X=^'5UX$EMO!.L:

MHB@*J@*H``%`#Z***`BBB@`HHHH`***HW^IZ;I4=O+JFH6.FQ7=]9:9:R7





M`/NK]E[_`(*6?L-?MG_$WXS_``:_9G_:)\%_%'XG?`#7[_P[\3/!NGP:_HFL

9ULQ:QHLVH_S


M!;7/\\7P^_8O^*$&F?\`!43_`(*_?LR?'^/X*?M


MC'^R-:76I:YXY4:M)X9\9ZEI?@[0-'MAKWQ.M6\2_#.+6/A;I-G+X;/QA^'-


(_&B_-_`^G^
-)709IX[W3M.^(/B*TT+PEJ
UM+XRUC7]*T




M_$5E;W2:C\.M?TB!BNAS6

M/AO\
_A]\/M3^(GB34O&?Q`U'P1X


M01B?4]9U+4=6U&X
M[J5]=WL\]Q)Z77@?P!_:F_9R_:ITOQQKO[-_P`:?AW\


M[CT#4O#GPMU:\AO;+4Y8H/PR\4_L_P#[0OP4^-'_``5Q_PUW[$WQ.UC0?V


_;LMO$/\`P7^_8H_8\_X*
M\_\`!


MS\!?`O@#P+X*_84_9CU5/AN=.N_#WC/X@_!GX??$;XG2:_80Z3%)XKU/XC^

M4WT+5XM/DG;3+Q8/X5T_X.E?^CG[1W@^;]CO]FC_@EKXWT__@IE?:3;^%_&
MPVOC76?OPQU.Z:?KOQ$3X-ZUX=TSQ=X*MM/CU+2=4TM?BUXYC\'^`[K4K




:E\1+SXB:M



_A!\*[?]H7QYXPUFWT*R^*OAWQ


M.%\(P?$[PV=6B\(:KK
RSW6H_#G4K7Q3I^B:Q'\3O`-G_9=QXQE\*0^
/AO=
M:9XC\

3_P65N/ASX^\



M'WQ

M/XJ0?M[?MX:?J7C_`$O7FU;P)9^-/B'\-O#7P$^&FH7
5O\`V'X8U_X8?LZ_


M)^$'

?#&H/X?^)/

M$FIVUWXQ\8ZIKGBK6KW6O$6O^(-;US6-2USQ!K6J:UJ5_?3@'L/@_P`(^&O`
M/A;P_PO!NAZ5X:\*^%]*LM$T'0=#TVPT?2-*TRPA6VM+#2]*MK/3K&-$

M\':S^TAIOPQ\9ZC\#]^(%NUQX,\0?$ZPT*]O/'AWQ!CQ)X0BMK'Q!K$-KH

'K6PU-//UE-6^C_P#@VY\??`7]



M=?$WPOI'AW4/V





M]-34[[3OU7_:^^)\WP1_9




M*_L-1\07F@^-I/!V@7\.K:YXZU/PAI6C_#2P\##7-$N])M?ZJ_VS_P#@KKX:




/A[K7C#Q/\0]8\!_#SP5X
U;
MQ_XV;2V\9^.=3\+^&]





U#1(O$WB6X^&_P`0_B-X
M-\

MX_\`BGXY\





MWU7PSX
TS0M0T72/%OASXQ:SX0T;P!=^/KJ74?!-_P#;Q;XWTG7?LOC22?
MP-8?3/\`P3L\#_&?4-%\4?'/Q+H/QG^$VG?'3XD1_%+Q%I7[4FOV/Q`_:0^)

MGQ'^%'CS5+BP\



FLI]6N/$ED=._9


T3M')&RNC


MH:OKLDF@VFL^+&\;Z5\.-:6TM/\`A%M'EN?TU_82\5^
?'G[$'[&_CCXB0BW


UL9DL;:UTMUL6O4N(=,MYY[[SV?3].]5H`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`O!?V@/B]XG^%/@[5I/A[\+/&7Q?^*.J


MZ3KVEW%CX@T'2=2MKS2M2LKR&XLXVBN$()KWFB@#@_A;\
/`/P3^&W@+X/\`

G_!O5_P`%7?%G_!7C]COXM:O\?&\%

M:Z^&GA3PE'H/CSP_\3?!MGJB2?#3QE:VTT7A+Q'87'A[PT(8+_P]JNGW5_XU


7^'_`(.CU&UU

_9)_8Y^+K_P#!00VO[-OPX?P1:_!'P3X=\(?#

MGB.QT.U\4VNH_P!N7[1__!

M/(?C7X8F^$&J^);#3-#\:ZCKNM^-;S5-9U#PIX-^
MSX7U;0?$_Q.^(/A77]
M!\5^&_#
WCWM]-\4^'=3L?#]G#;']1/^#=3_@GM^TO^QUX_;+^/'[5W@;2


















MT+:_U_X1?LH?M

M/AJW?4F33Y[FWNBT:^::G^T?_P`%'?BCK
&E?`+]@7PW\(O!FLZ5I&L:1\:/

M^'TU[\6?VBO%=V(K^6.S\
?`7X8VGBSXK:Q)
=




MR6=S\0_#TMK8ZAJ]OJ&KV_\`:1T:UU?3IX!\A_#K7?C;XV_:)^`.M_&&\\#
M^!DU3X_M._$4?LXZGX

M?AYKOCGP9X^NM

LKB#

;



J:GI6H:%XDT](Y[30O!]]/X6\
M1O%X\CM]




MJ2:[>?HI_P`$+/V

M/CE_PHC_`()!_MI:E:&]?Q!\5?AO%^SEX5M;)`C7FL_M$:WIGPBN([K49PFF


?$
M7PMKNM[+S0O/C:X\(WGB/0]47P_\1/AZ^MW<-KI<MS!JFJ:*=3L4T35+_D/





M8:EH^?\`$+X._M#_`!#_`&G/AKXYMOBCX.^&WP#^$=]H/B_3]'\*:1KFO?&'



_$CQW\&-

MX4ZKX`^

E

M1Q2




K#XAWE_IS:1XNTCQE-\2-`\


MAOXE^#7PD^'WPK^-NA:-_:O@58IO@3HGPI^+4_BSP#XECT&36H[S7O'OAS3O
M#EKXLTOQ[;7


^)6H:G\`O&WA7QAXK^&7P
MGU[Q+IWPE^+\-Y+HNMZ+K
UM=S^'C\;_`(=^H7O;C7/A]XM6VM;WQCX+\0P
M:AX#UN)?`]UJWXW_`/!PY\.T\-?\$]/^H7B_6;OQ;:_#?\`X5#\!/B#X8T3





(]I]CXHU:U
M\+:I?:VVM:[X=MM
M-)\12:7J=Q=ZCK7AGQ!8Z1%%:



:'XG2VO[2]A@M-4R]'TR'4_
MVMO'WB`1H_\`PB'[/OPO\
Q7@_L:Y`O?&GQ!^*FN:QI44D%PVO:3=V-CX0\*

^FWP;W?4O#V@ZQJ'A_5M5T?3=1U3PIJ5UK'AG4




1X8[E[0S)$TCM&KA&=BQ^@Z`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@


M-J6LZQ=7(!]QT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!_(S_`
'3/PN_X*+_

MV_\`@K/#^V#X2_;O_PGW_!1.3QCKG@K2_%VG^/V,?V;[K7M,_9GTK2_'7
M@?6/C:=XLTF?2O`WA:XN/ZQ9WUI!I7@;7]9U'Q1X4\-Z[JOQ6\2+IBB__

M=Z3;V*6'WI110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!117G]U\5/AS!X^O/A'#
MXY\&WWQBM/`T/Q+_`.%/6OB_PNGQ1G\!7FJZKH&F^


M$/A[1;R\17U'6M+TY9]0@^7_`!!I4OQB\

M#CX1Z;\4;O\`:%^)&E^-]N-1UUOCQHGAOP)\/-*\::;J_P9\3ZYXHT#7+2[
M^M;X+:W*:W=ZY/IVDZ7I6K#4;9M)@T.999--NUUS4[RZL&U.UGT&VTV]AM&







_C'X


M$-&CTK3]&\3VNOFZTBSUVZUGS?3*\M^#'PYN/A5\.M'\'ZCKEKXH\0'4O%GB



:=X($W@_0Y=
\4^)O

M:N






MPN-8O=%O?B]X5NY_!^KZK?\`Q)^
?Q%\4^*]0^&'PYT35=:U)_WA_:.G@L_A







MVL6'AN?Q#J'B#XH^`?AUJ_A72O`.BV7@MO!TOA?2Y-+L]'_L9/VGH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**



MK5KX!UG5=0_96^*0\2^#?`W@FPU;P7HE[IW_``KKQ)XMH?#.G:CHT.D?$S

MP_X?O+_4/$$7P(U3XN_WQ3!J^@6WB3P;X6E\;6]_P'K[5O`7Q!T/P'XF^




@
MU:^\







:





\^V
M-V/DI?V3RXV+=VQ83)^$/[&GQY^#OAO_`(*#?'WXD^(?$'PH^_@'Q]^PQ\)


CJ2K*0RD@@USVI?M3_`+
6C7TFEZQ^T;\!])U*'2=6



M9\C^R)+/PGX[N4U7[5`UU:_V:T/A=UOOM-LK7$'V4R^=`K31[HP6JW'^VA^S
M5

MY=:?X0_:

MV6E1_LGMI
\EO;ZA9


5WXGL;30YK*TT7Q7::C::)KGA3Q9

MJ^AW






\;


M2_#
^FZKK-S^T-#X9\`3_#SQ3XUB^#NAZ#/X?73M3^+/A?6O#VN^++K4]
;Q
'=
UF
M?6K?2]6T.Y%UINR5[_6=
U\TZWT_4M5T+7=2T;4[V\L!816/:6EA'9W&IW
M7%]
VJWT=_+'=WMS=V]I)'INGZ6+?3()Y'BTRQ:+38[J2RLEAMI-2N=0U)XS

M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7\T?_``4W^'N@?$;_`(*9_`#41JFNZ9K/PS\3?\$@

MYX[\$^(;8Q?\(+JVA^+_`.EROYS_`/@HU\4M.^`G_!1KX/\`BRZM_$4%_P#%



M.BZ5\0_B/XB\.^



`0:U;ZI&^N:









M7QDTW3-LYFUW4+BV_H=KXW_`&^_V8;C]KK]E7XF_#P_J$.A?$^&'0_B7\!



MM;Q2332)&C


M5\*O#W[5
=UJ_P`*-.NM.\5_#GQ9\;O!OQ)\=7D]QX8M?BA+JGQ.UGXCR^+O

7A0Z2\7\(G_!%']L+XO?\%`_^#FC

M:IJ\=C;W]CJEU\*-=EMM;L9]+TK4SK=OHVBZ
LUJ-
_L
_;;^(WPGLOV??VQ


_A;Q+X]U;QAH]M=ZS=ZG'_'/

M


MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B



MQ(^/?[(_[


FKVEC8ZBWF?:+73
D_SPMK.M





M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`

M'Q1;?;/#FN6X\2ZAX


M$&C:MHD@A






=

MVD.K367\[__``;7?MK?\$XO^6OPW^)/P'_`&B_VQ_@]8?%#]I75/#7QOL_


M^&?CSPOXYTY(+R))[62:[\


-2^%G@J\U34;WX@_%












M_ML_\%K]7_9H_PR?[`G_!
KX?^#?!'Q`\-?'TV%M^TGJGV+Q+K/Q%\`:A\



M?A?X3^)O/[*GQ6\^.]-\7^%;B6S\

M-\//CG\
/`_B^S^
GAG7O!OB

M/P
TG5[274=6^)&LZU\0_'/Q+O/$7C&TT2*Z_P$J\8_M+_M?M0)X@M=+T+

MM%\0:3/\6_%NA?#'X6?#.[\5?%?4)?B&++0_A9X


1_X)M_%3P+%K(\
M.Z]\:_BK^RK\?.O'37U=O#WB7XL_M4?!OPC:^+(]
*BQU.?P/8W^H^-X-&


M*\2X%U!#+'Q/AK_@B+^RG\)K2Z/[
7Q@_;F_9/\`$6H6=K9:GXN^#7[:7QRU
MZ_U5+)[9[:35/WQ[\2?&OX9:A++#3($^U^`Y8ELM.ATU8AIUSJ5K??L310


M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%






M3?!_B-\V6NZMX8;P7




MAO\`PU
M444`%%%%`!7QE^W3^P'^RY_P49^-Y\!OVJOAO8^/?`U*#Q#X9U*.ZOM&\6


_%/\`PC/[&G_!


MUS8:?/J_PT^









MJ=X*T3PK_P`$0/V6==TI;H7_`
2O%W[1OC7Q*;BX\Z%M;L/VB/B9\.8&L8]B

M'XZ_%'X^?\%6_P!B']K[XB^



OC[\
O!/QF^#7


MWC&%?C=\1%TOQ!\%+_7/'WC_`




M75+Z6&VM8(UVH@9_
GGDBMK=);B:*)_\C/\`84_X)G?&#_@L[XV_:_\`VQOV


KC^U/O@K3=:^&UAK7AC2[2TT9K;P]KU[X8OM$M(GO%N`#_38^GQN^$




ME_XN7'[0'[-'[/'QXO+*QTR[^-GP




4H@NH8I3&X








M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'DGQST_X9WOPPU^]^
FN^$O_P`,/5[X5^(_C+Q

M:T5U;7%G%/'\S_%RT\`ZW^S1X`\9_`'4?A=XR^#?A;P-XCM_!VO^&)[?XBPZ

MZS'JUC]3?&/PUI_BKX=:]8:@TB?V7/H'C/2Y4\








MWB7Q!)X=\+Z;H_C/QK:W]H;*[U'7-#TC5=9L=%\
_8'O/@\?B1_P4BTWX::E

/V7OV7=8\/WO@?28M6NM3U+X57'PO

/PQ^$?P[_:`^(W[%7[$FD)XXT_P+I/C/X\ZW\'
MM




MCOQAXZT/P^\/PV\^+]*N/`NA/K.L^(-/T4:5:^*/$7C?X&Z_;W7AS4-6BU_
M5M4^*-QXON%N;2XLPOSC_P`',7_!&O\`:Y_:6^)'@?\`;?\`^












:#A:W:**`(+JUMKZVN+*]MX+NSNX





M]MJW_#1U]XPT_P)?B'7-*\8V7P9N[[Q9\0O^$\6Z^$OQS\%7GBSP)9V=QXN
MU32O^)5J]QXIU.72IK#1+NWTC79/MD7^JC10!_?^RM_P=4_\%)OVS_B;#\%


M_#]SIVKZ



MIYUU^%_[%?_``4^+


M


M:?X&TZQT#PSJ%OINH67Z/5\J_MF*8_@GIVJ.
6/AC]H#]D'QOKD_!^P^%_`?


Z`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KY?_`&WO

VM06OA:YUO4T\-

MMCXH\2?#JX\2^%(?V#/@/;)XBM;33M5U?2M





M
M]X-^*NIZEX1^-WQ4^



M2T[P3KFD2J/#VH:_/J&NZ?KEEXYN](TR30M4`/TI_:7_`.#Q3_@FC\$/B+XH


$L@@_X)_\`


M[_X)??LB?!_XA?LG_L7_`++'@;XY?&+]JCPGI=V_B#X)^#?B-H^J?#+PCX%\




MV+PWKT_]GZHD$WV/^ANOCC]O/]A3X`?\%&_V:?&O[+7[2&A7VI^`_%L^F:QI

_`7C+0)VN?#OCKP-K5W9:C%HWB72'ENK3SI+*[L=5T/4];\-:W
M9:CX?UW5M-O`#^*_X6^
/^#R3_@H7X2\)_&+X?\`C;PU\`?@5\6O!EGX[^'/



%?$.K6^A4`?BE\_V6?^#LW]G7


MX0^

M7












MQ'+K


(+
MSQ9^S%X;M/!WA;XG:5!#K_B63Q);Z[\5)?%&J_'-/&.A1:3XPU+Q9X'T&Q

M;4OBEXN^*BZO\7M:T'7/%-MJ7BS3_#ND2Z5%/X8\-^$=!@TRRT_POII6+3O#


%[




DU+QYI/QA^+7C/Q

MT_Q!XNTOP[XBN-

;FRC


MQ\8:E9S^)?%7B.X@GOKC5K]]-TAM&\(:1X8\+Z#Z+_P1_P#!_PV_P*?VC_







MLYZ%X]UOQ!\#]=_9L\'?!GPMX.UKX9B\NAX*EU+XH^*X1X^O?%L7AWQ'8:;X

M?M#_``F^$?@_5/#NEZAXVUW2OV8KZSM=3UR[CT#0+35/[`T?5]9U8ZE?7D5L

M_$MYK?BG]HW1_A_\(?AOXCT#Q5H7BSQ#I?@G]G_1?'6CZC&^C^/M^M3Z+X)
M^'_VS6?!NC7]H=2O9QEQ_7A_P`':[:U_P`.7OB]%I/A[4=;M9_B_P#`5?$%




MFQW%W9SV5G-;7$DD

6W@[PO_P3





Z(NGI?QV.F06.A6
MVDZ?:?KM7Y1_LVZOHU[_`
%)?VFM;\.7QU&/X@_LP?#K3/%]Y+=ZC?M-X@_9

W$]I


MI@?3UN[6



_X*.ZUJ/CKXT_!)_`/QDU6.

);?1M7\&?$?7H(K&UMK#7/B9X-\9:II]









T;3]:\2:6DL4WAOPWJS:QK'D?U:44`?P/^
?


MX




U^XTZPO]0M='O+VYL;&\NHH;

?B%H


M6JZ-K6JZCHDT.FV_[(44`?SO_L3?\$(M#_9?_;\_X*?_`+57CKXAZ;\3_A;^

MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB


M@UO4);W5M7U[]MZ`BBB@`HHHH`****`,R]TFTU]TN]NFN7;2)9[FTMENIH

M13SP6L$UU=316UM;123W%Q/(D
$$$*-)+--+(RQQ111JSR2.RHB*S
P4$UR7



ZQQO(50A$9L`U?#?B7


M5_$O_P`&GO[:G[5OC;XZ?\%%?V'?VMOB[XS^

_$
_BN[




MIM_/HVI_'OXR:SX+\:3VD]W9:9':RWC-I^C:Y\0-;MM`\
:0\][H6FQ`'^F#

MKPZMQ7_!:K_@XR^
O_!(;]L7PG^SZ_[&GA7XR_#CQC\*?!WQ;\.^.[_XM:UX
M#U/7]+U3Q#XE\

MV1U$`_J\HK_.%\4_\'O7[4MWXEFNO!7[#OP!\/\`@YKD-!H7BGXB_$3QAXEC


&K*]73C++X=UCQ6FG:M)IX!_2[117^/7XM^)O_``6H
M_;Z_;W_:/^#'P6_:X_:(_:O^,W@'QE\58[BZ^7[0.H_#WX:Z]X'^'/Q(_X0

MK_*[^'G_``39_P#N6TM)M)\`:M_P4*\&Z?.]QJ\]@G_``4/TOX;Z=-=9M;



MK&=I;2[M]1\JXD6VLT:_C`/]+*BOBK_@G=X%_:_^&G[''P3\#?MY?$GPY\7?
MVJ?#VAZM;?%#X@^%]CZ=KLT_B;6KWPW#/=Q:1H4&J:KH?A.ZT3P]JNMP:18K
MKU]I



M$GX/?&3X1?L+?L8?%KQ5\-/B-\$O%GA+X^_'CXK?#/Q?J6AZSIGC6'3=2D^&
MOP1O#H^H06FJZ39Z1K$7Q&^(_A;Q-I^L:!K
^H_#.TEMS+HWB#3Y/[7?V4?B

MM*\


M2L]S=Q*(XI')VHQ'DO[-?[7O[
/[8OACQ1XS_9;^.?PX^.WA7P7XRU;P!XHU

$LO`9^'/\`P3I_8UT*46Z7VK_`3P+\
M1=9@M$VVMGXB^+FFK\5O$FGVS^;
;FWT[7_&FI6
-\S(^H1VZWSP6SW!MXOO




MQ'/H8MOA;HGQ




[K1/@'8

;1/!7A;P
MYX/T9[Z^U1](\+:'IGA_3'U/5+A[S4]1:PTFUM+1K[4;N22ZOKLQ&XN[AWGN
M)))69B`='7@OQH^
6K_#'Q'\OGAWP9-XWUSXT_$SQ)X$BLK?6-(TF30]/\

/P9^U
M]XQ^.-E\2?B-HO@#Q#^T]/XR\(1?`_Q)\
1\(=`T/3O@'\(O`_QAUJ?X9GXK



^-.G^!=#AO?

H^&M






















M7COPIJ[1^


M.L?'C2?#7CCQC\/HO@?\






M




M'X31MJB^&K#X`:GX:_:8^!ULVKS0:IK36?P@^*OAK69/`=[=WF^2ZU.Z^&?A

M1;:$`_T/Z*_/W_@F9XU_X*$_$/\`95\


V


M;XHU.\E^





M\












M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!_
K^T5^V!8_LT?&3_`()U











M'_A_3_$FOMX;O]`^%/P]@T#4]&\




M+

M'=.^'
\;^
M





\16]CI/Y\?M3?\'IG[*'PF^)?C



TZ2#6-%L%\.^(=)US2;+Q%+=Z]H5_IFF:;X@_I]H`***_+3QS_P`%


/Y4FP`_4NBO
_A'\:?@_P#'_P`$:=\2O@9\4OA[
M\8OA[J[-'IOC;X8^






MV



M*/\`M.;Q.=:^-%QX4T_4K*ZU;Q3X\\;^)?\`A2_PAC?0(;A]4L?L+V?Q)TW1

MP6U?X




6K^+($O8M`

M?`RS^$?B_P`6Z'XIGO+#[!;6^L:S_P`)]#\3K^^COG_M2R7PEXK\++)?+#;7

^+_P!C#X5V_A635_BG
MI'QIT?65N_`^KZ?XHA\`WL?AX:9H\GB#Q_X:\2^.)8-)^%NJ:1X6M?$?Q`@U





:7);7-DVAW<6H




M&J:Z_BO6_@8WQ!\^&_'Q*^'_PXT/Q+-J5AX7\*:YK/A#6_$_BW0+33;?P_


M6;6MI#K`AL+$0=]110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%



M?WMU^+'_``5M_P+7PJ_PHG_K_B9I'Q:\:_LK?M;_`B*^@^#_PT[\*[
M&!_%NF:7=33W]MX5\6PU'POXGUSPQH^M75]KOAF'1?&_A?5/NL:QXAO='U
M&.+Q%KUGJ?T-_P`$[/@3_P`%$_V?O!^O^!_V[?VR_AS^V?:V5CX?M?AKXXT;

)+^WU34/$OB3



MXAD@\0:YXK\/:/J5OXEMO[?_``9_P2&_9R\%?\%5_B9_P5DT^]U:7XQ?$7X5

4
=Y

M`-.^


T/

M`
+_`!W9WMQ9^([S6-3U2'0;O1H-3@%KH-H=5_A4\#WO@O3O&/AB_P#B-X=\


MPFNO$7[.'Q)M$E^*\WBC6G;XE?%7QA#J6B:W9_$OQMXX\-6GAJXN/'NE:YX9
M\

_#;X+6G[#
M?[




M
U^W@2]9&6]O/-PUU:Q





S^Q=/\

25+G7?%.J
M2QZG;PZL2^HJUP_S5_P3*_X(A_LI?\$U?V=/CY^S9I;W/[1_@W]H[XAZMXH^
M)=Q\=/'@?6#XB\$V]N-(^'_`

O$&C66BQ:)XAT7P7H2S3SW6H67D:QXRUW
MQ9XHTW2/]AK-CX9T0`_S1_^4?[0_\`P1K^!7BG0-2_X*.?L6_'?]H;Q
OB
MO3YX/'.D_&&WO?A+X
L;77=/O=*U[_A0.@:9\
]9\2/IEND\7BO2?&/Q/^)O



M]C:Z9I&CZ1IEK%9:;I6E:;91066GZ;I]E!#:6-C:0PVMI:PQ6]O%'%&B``TJ

M\+?#;XZ?$K7_`!+J/A^RTZXAN=1UKP'XLU&X\7KHDTHU62[.F.MK/8:II:77


O5&G^(M#\.Z_HP









MP71_8\\-7UAKVG:K\

MQC\6?B9\!OAW!XZ_:9^&$-E'X%\0_&?P'=^&O'VB?$RTT31K?PMHOB3X?3_$




M)M-U83Z%I.G^
_$7O5__`
&UO_!$/4O&E^+C]@OP9'HVCZGJ6K6E[8?%/]







M



M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111


H\4:)I^GW?ASQN`?B'_P`%7_@[/\-/@CJWC;XC_&OX

M^('CG7_@5H/PZ\



VVKV$47_.?&?PE\-?&
M?_-:%X%UW4[CPA\4_@I\:)K+1%U_P`6_#[4?ACXBT2Y\33?5=?)/[1]A^RG
M=^
_A)'^TW\2_AQX9O-7M/&_AGX3_#WXF?$+P9X
LO&OB^YU3X=^+)?%_@2P
MU^ZTOQ5??%?X8CP3I\O@_P`3^`-8L==\%:=XM\37.#/J^GWVG`'?_#75?V9=




M?#/C[Q-IMUK6BQWWAZ'PRM]XDT[AOVX;Q?AS^R7_`
%3/VQ?FI^#O?PK\:
M_P#!/'7/!7P`;P)XET?Q+X1^



M`Z[_`&;_`(=Z5HOA#Q=X*TVQA\1:;XOT']G[7?@MX%\3WWA[69]8\%^)=-\&



MP;K?@NVTJVT%K/0+WPY)IL5YX\O[C68=:U_1M4DN'TD:'IFM6O\`;M_X;`/Q

M)O\`PN+X1?LL:MX


+CXY_`_P'GQ!TC4O%?P^N/B3\/_WBY)8M`TW1O%OAJY\






MY/T9_:V^''[2'BFX\&^*/V9I_`47BRT\






M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5Y

MX\2Z=X8^+F@1^(?!/P&^&MK\4M2^(6F^*=&\0^#K70/'6AKHVJ:UI'P^LM:U




_#_`%.]\51:7I5IXEGM


M'\.?'WA$?#^Y\-Z3J^M^*)OAY
MQ#;^'?&

O


_B+JMG)?:#'8?
MV7-KWCGQ)J1\/Z9HZ'5KZT:T
'TE0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%



M

M2.PEN;JRAO+.U^W9^S_^VMXAU#QGK?[*/[37Q;^'VG_'-?@7\.]6T;1)?#GB


M'X8^&?%GAOQ-#)XF^(.I6H!]R?LO^+_$GCSX#?#KQ7XL\9:+\2=7U/3=12/X


M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44

M]U/6=*\


MGPEX=\77=Y\0=:GENO!D5W_PEWP\^(GA+PA8:7K.F0:X_P`1?'%OX8^'O@6Z


MT=Y\7/!GB?XC^&I/AMH_AGPWH_B731IGAKQUX`UM_$D'AE7U'0+Q_$
=MJ&L



MK6


M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH

_MW^*3=Z


M-9[AE
LRVEI:VRR.P@MX(@D2ST44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`


M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/R*_X))?:CX
M;_X*'^-M2TZ[L+[QY_P5N_;ZN)9+Z73KBXO[7X;?$G3O@/I$YN;_O6ECLM$




M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

M$UWJMU`8H+K4/%W@[P=HFE:3;W=OJ6LWNJJUK#=V^G7R1^/_`/!#'Q#_`
)'

UK3_$_@[5H+M=0M!$S:O9ZU$+.UL(]-:X

MT75;S5V@-PLZZ9:V

MQ_\`M6^

UM?--:H+2X




M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`



MHH`***@C:Y
]PLL

)+?Q5^UU\
M_][X/F*S0,]EXTL]8N/FH0`S&XL-9N;<6E\9/L5P`?H'H6C:?X<T31O#V
MDQ?9]+T'2M/T;38

MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#QO3_C-X6_X2'QGH&MZK8V
M-QH'QDT/X
Z9;6L&HWUW)XIU_P%_@?XE:7I6L?8H+RPOM1TOQ8-5M9Y)(-




MRTW5=#UKP+XK@UK3IM0;6_#UOIK3Z:MRT5]=:M9Q021J8IX+PVMQ#\'?\$?/

%B?!7P9^*?@/X@ZWI?_!0@?$[=X'U2QUK2-0^&7B;]EW]F
MWX7^&O$GA[7]+


_AUK





MQM;:):I9^&_#D
S#Q!\1/'FKN-.\__P1IT$%YJ/B'Q]\1?%$^F^$?!GAK1

M.IVUVU]9ZQ\8_B#J^I_$7XRZYI]T\4#OIFN?%/Q7XOU;34:)##87MO!@^7N(
M!]
'
M?!OB2[M`5TKQ#KGPV\=:7I]PI8/=^&-3C<1F.
R`'7T444`%%9UQ?7
&HZ;
M8Q:/J-Y;7R7SW6L6\ND+IVC-:1PO;Q:E%=ZI:ZO*^J-*\5B=(TO58XY+:8ZG
M)IT36\D^C0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7Y.?\`!6K4H=?\'?L2_L^0W@_M;]I'_@I3





MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`_+7_@I-^RU:?'?X5?&KQ!I/[1OB/X6:]:_L]?$CX=7_ACQ



M@SXJ^'W[

M@B]C^


MUC2]/O[73/$-LEM=RR6MGK]IJ=G8Z@EMJUE!;ZI96=Y!YA#XGM_#?CN^\*W_

M6QN;6RUNRTKPEXLU.274-/@D6U]BHH`XC2/$$=X?$VAW6JZ)KOB_PK?W=_JO

M`$J.:^EU/LDOBOPC]A\16&J^'9_$GAS[)KNEZ7XDO=
US0I=8TSR=3L-.\7^

MHP0:K]HU%]/FLM+DCG$NH6
8L+R+4KJWN1:!].GGTM)+&2\N8K][NUMM-U#1









M(/$WB?Q!?1:;H/AOP]I-J#/?ZKJE]



M
GT-110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'R%^T]\8?B#\/M
\4:3\-K











M.;PW867]G:I_PD/VG2-J@`I@EB
KPB2
S1QQRR1!U
!99%1&6W%W/.+.V`C4I9V@@M(F,CQ0(\LK/9HHH`*\_\<?%
M'P1\.-4^&VC^,=9.CWOQ;^($7PN\!K'4+JWU;QO<^$/&'CFTT:XN[.UN+72


M2BQO-&@ZG2_$EAJ6C76NS0ZEH-C87?BTOQXGTZZ\.SV7_

M';@Z
\VEW-_I6O0O+HFNZ#)8^(M%U_T+4;#4+C\?-/T_P%'C_Q+^SC\0?C


U3X8Z!I$_N6J?&KP5I/PL\
M1_`?Q'\

MTI\/O#




?[0OP'UI/B

O?%'BAK.^

MUES_`

M^/\`]FW]L']ECP'^SO\``?P3\3_VROV/7^)OA+X.?#/P[\29=`_:3^$6I:)/

M&?LMS?$OX6S:1XF_9

MGA.XLO#EY-XG\:W'QE\0?%F3]H7QYK7B+1/`MWIWB/5]%O;S6==^(FN:Q#I@












M/P5OO$WQ:^`_P4U3XD^)_P!IBW\7?&.TBT;Q!X82+X4_%GQ#X0^'7@3X1:7X


=UHGC'X=Z)XDU#3KB[\5Z


]T`


M?B;\8/#?PYN-$\


MP\

MPV\!^AT44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%9VL/9Q:1JLFHP

M[C4+J9D@LH9;

MZ[:GXDMK/5X_#GAF33=!L[J[@U'Q?I%[J#Z?HL&HZE:[NLW\VE:1JNJ6^E:E
MKMQINFWU_!HFCBQ.KZQ-9VLMQ%I6E#4[[3--.I:@\:VEB-0U+3[$W4T0N[ZT
MM_
:1<Z_ID<OQ#^%6IWGA
M+Q[X=3^$?$?_``5.^)_Q`\
7J:R_B#_@GM\$_#T^O127'E7EAX/_`&J_VI8[
M73H[9EM[6./1=9UKQ):)=16:75VKC[9=WZ06LR_37Q5^*6O2?L\^+O&FB_`/
MQ]XZU'7OAOXKO-'^%&JZ9H=WJ&ORW7@#4==TKP]XLTKP]KWB._MM
\1W&SPG
MJ-GI-EKVOPW]U):1Z!=/+:Z_(WX#_/P0G_``71\1_%?3/$S^(-?UC_`()W
M:O\`V]'H^AV6A^#M*\?_``H_:Q\=_L_^


M37MA):W=C#IT?VK^U+6XTZXN;V\WQ*ME]@OX]3M8--^SS[I+K[1INJ_;(BL
M/V%U









M'I\





MZ;HVA:%HVFPVVGZ7I.E:?;065A864$-M:VT


:1HJBIX5^'O@'P++K
_@C

\T:RR













M'W[+
_C;]LC]GCP-XE^
WPK\2^+/#7Q%\'^`;Z\\3ZSXWUSPM)X$U/3/&.K7

`']%5%?SP_\$2-9_8\\5_$G]J2__90_
T\+:MIE]%=S6<TUIX9_P6&\4?#[X@_\%<?^8G[
M+7QZ_:V^('[-7[-6L?`;]KOXF_%RR\%_M&Z[^R]I?B:]BT32XO`D?B_XB:%X




M
/@!\7]9U+]K[XIWGB'Q1^S9\)[GQI=^%/#7A'1+K_@GYXGLO!?Q`TV3XL?$

/VR_A5YC_`!U\1?\`
B37FOZ1XN^%TNF:HES]<_&3Q9\8O%GPY




M-]KZK\3?VB_V3/A'X;CUKX$_L7?#?X)?#72_!W@N3Q'XD_;@^+6EVFEIJNH:

M\



MACX]^)W@V[-W\&_^:_P]^&NB_72=4\3:S!X=U6Q\
Q7FM?$#XYQ_VAK^K-




M2[:;3].TB:WTZQ@ETK1YVN=(TR2*VBCDT_2[E]/TAKC3K)E-M8SMI6F-+;11
LIX=_9T^/OB2^&EQZ%\%?BGK+ZF=/U#5AIR:9X&UV]:^.E:3)#JNI


M$'@GPU::GXWTJ]T*V\NU6(_$+XE^+_WA36_$WC#Q[:^%+3P%\3/';-J,O[.
M_P`)+&4Z9+KW@_1?AAJ_B35?`VM_&OQ1X=\3:IK]I::KH7Q'U70K.;25^+GB
M.T\#CX=^`/%/U/X,\%^'/`'AW2?_ABP^Q:7HVF:;I-LTT\]]J%Q::390Z?8


M31-'L;73-(T?2-

ME_;
M




M)M
M;[3[F2*[M+C4?#?B&P@N(8Y;S0]6MUDL+C\??AOX3G\!_P#!9;2](W)?





8O%=Q\0/!WQ&C\07IUK3M6\!66GA;2M%UK3M-UG0_#FG7:


MAI^BVLFNWD]U#XHL=7TZ^^U/K-OK\%MW=96N66H:AI-]::3J?]C:I+`3INJ&





M=(MM6_5O]I'XL_M3:G;_`/!9/XL_M`?B?1?C;X)_P"'['G[
'B7P[X$M[





M:)J7B;2^U_X(D_LI7


?$SPC\5/$WA



/@[Q7^TS_P48^W7?[3]Y\
?A]^R


$?^9-UX!^-_P`O^GGPO_`&BO$'[.=Y^UI^SCXTU*[^%G[/&C





M:2*`?HS_`




3W?@S]FS



M_A



Q\A^!'@#




Q`



*:F8$5K:;SY=/CO8]

M8A54%F(`)KP'2OCYI'Q$UO\`X1SX+:9J7CT6FLZCH_B?X@OH^N:5\*_!ZZ9]


M[K3'OM/N?&C^
?%UDVIZI9?\)9-IMS]C3NZ`/Q^_X+#MXL\!_P#!)7_@H/KW



M-KHGA_1+5;/3-

M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`









M53%?7&H'2Y[K1+.UO=2:U

XT:\N+



M.%U




M_`_Q;XCT/1([[2-#\%?$O7?!^M_&[1?#MS&WA/PQIL'Q'N(M#UW^P(O$*Z7Y


MD


_CG_P40_8












GUB=KS0
MW\;+K.G3VNGVT\MY::A86MY9RQ-:74$5YBW./#_P5)_X)@_%/0_%VE:9^VE^


MN$[H;JSO(4N+6XB;`W1SP2)*AP









M[TUK_0*KY?^(?PU_8Q^#OP.^,%M\7/`_PS3\-/V;?%VO\`B/XD?'V/XH:!
M\
OGP4\2^)?'?B.SU'Q/XV^+I\86UEX'U?5?%/BB73)M4U[QD;B?4]5&EQ2
MW,DT-C&@!\1?LC_LN_L__LW:W^QC^PO^SS?:EXC^#W[#GP\1?M(0:MJ/B!]





,?^W/@;5O@KX+^/WP5U/\`8ZOOA1\6=:GT



MWFO+ZYM[.TMT






M



WMJVL:UI
M5B9KV'YF\?\`QQ^.JZ=XW_X4/^R[XB^)OB3PIXD\-^$['3/BCXUT_P#9[\+^



EZ@#^;3_@I1_P2V_;I_;R^-_P%^)VO?MI?&WX
^')-633+F^NY;=YW\$_;^_X*6?LC_\`!,OX<^%OBA^USXX\
M0^_#GCGQ#<^$_!D?ASX?^-?'5]XB\26=@=5N=(@/A;1-1TS2;I-+2?4(3XD
MU/1(;VVM+TV$MU)9W
`/BSJ5MX]LO?P!_9MUC5?V?=<^&G]LQZ;^TMJGPHUW0[
M?XDGXNP^`'^+?A/5OA5\./`S2Z!XAUZ^`
/QY_P2#^`OQ!_;4E^'GB/_`()9

UYX@^(?B&+7/%?ASXR_LY_'3P;HMS(-`NY_#/AJ_^/OQ
M@L_'?PMUWP-/Y_A?Q5X!\+Z9X7T:VU[1-3N]#U


ML^&OQ;_90^-&N^`OB'K&KZ)K
-AXEU[XJ^-M9^.!\0Z#X7A\60:)J'@_P79:

MJI@TS3ID\?1@WUGJMSHDUUX)TU=/CU[3VN=5UO6H[=KQY]?^1_[*&LI+=?

GA#QMXH_MO2M%^W


/87:01:

MWA*/PUX/UG4K2UA^&'BGQ5XKM/A!K/C.[\2P6T^N:9I/@/4_$]GI
/B+QKI/
MCYM/\

MI&MZG+X6UK4_$UIX7\#_`!(U[PIX;M=#LM:N?#6F^&)-4&JW&JZE/J^B#P?H

MUC6];^HY/^3G[-%S;Q:5J?Q5_X*!ZSX433O[+G\#ZM_P5_X*)WOA&]LD@D

M;8VEX66WM--O)M3LIE:[OI]0T[7M.TKPQXB\_P#$G_!'3]B*_P#C5X/\0Z!^




?VS_`-JS7-2U

M.G^''_!(#]DG3=7\?ZQXW_X)3?\`!*6SU2]@NH_!M]H/@6S\;:!J%S=K=W5Q





M`L$TW1-








M#2[X:C#;!F`/S5^
G[%_P[30VUKQ1_P1C_X)Z_!M/^M:5JW@;Q+XX^!_PQ
M5X


M$N@?`MM3_:3\

M^C9?_




M30?B%\1?@7\


.M!/C7QJ+'Q8UCK?Q#_`&.]<U6QN;N;3%W:]I6E6TL<&G:'

^)_P`
?B1\

.E^




M^S(/A]XO\7^(O^H7_!1FX\&?`:[\/?GXO:A\-?^@_Q4NM;T[XO:OA:RN
*_#2ZM\*/#<.BV5WJ/C?0[?PC\+M&DU/PS;PT[+_



\?8?\`


GCTO]I+]J_]N3Q5IECH'@_1M'GO--^%


?P@T'PIINHZ]%)K/Q!_;)_PD$/[0VK^)_!
H\16
M&A^)H_%_[&^LP:KX2\?
;;PSI_CSQ#\9;S2+C0]6M?#FA:C'XET:/P[X?_1S


M






\#:UXC\3^
-6L/%FLRV/B_X?WWC'
MQT`?






M:GJWAK5-*T6Z/AGQ*FCV4\5QIR`'Q=X0_P1'[$'P.^`_A:#X$?\$:?V;?V


MCK5WXE?3=9TC33R7[&G_``0R_P&7B?PO\`&'1/'[WQ#^
MO^RWXTN/A)



/&'PF_8-L?B)^SW_P3
M
_8$\9_`S]L;X2)IGP__`&GK+X?_``J^

M&GZH+WQ'H7Q!N9I=9\

M:^+7PU^#/@V'Q#'I/C
M_P`=?L]0_##2M.\;_M

M*0#2\._LFS^(OACX5\4:]_P3-_X)+?';Q5HL?A+P%H?CO6_V6_V([O7_`(F:







%OC#XO_`!'^




].^






M-K'Q8LO!




Z5XJB\7_#





$S

M*N?]OJ.GW7B+6[13-JVH2`'Z.00I;00V\;2M'!%'C3SSW4[)$@16FNKJ2:
MYN92J@R3W$LL\S[I)9'D9F)'/!

K6


(Q?^/?B_\`#XA^*!I?AU_&$VC
M^$M6T_4K#QIX=T[1-%O['Q6OBDZUXCUD`_G9_P"D7_!='2O'O\`P6J_9F\
M?L+?&#]FSPAJW['^@?M`_`1OCE^UG!\19/V8OB-\9OCOK7P]\/\`CCX7F\^&

*/B)X(U;RIH)M4\5?A5\%V_BC3-4U%;_X3Q^#_#5W<OJ6E:U<7O\`
MG9?LP?\`!!;_`(*1_'+]H'XZ_C]G+6-1T/]BZ]^



M<T[QCH8!^Q.N:[H?AC1]1\0^)=9
MTKP]H&CVDM_J^N:YJ-II.CZ78P+NGO=1U._FM[*QM(5^:6XN9XH8UY=P.:MV














MMM\


MIVN76D1_#MM'B\
R+X)FTR.;4TG]E;X&^'_`UM\4]*TVW^`_BB__`&&_!/['



M`

MA?$?P;\*!\




MAX1^
WPOU./X@?!NQ\&:-)^T'\1H/@W\#_@QI?A_Q;I7C_Q]XDOKF&3]HCXX
MVGCWQO-\2=3\&:7\3?B+H.N7$6@?#.'XB_%35(?B#JNDZCJ^CB&Q^N/AKXF^






%OXFGA76XS?/]





M?@]\0OB+H-O\2-0US3?`J7'@SPQJ7B*XO?$TOAJQOM=O-
TRRTZZU*71=
.E



MEURTU:X\G^


MTL(?ASQM\--6^






L[+P6^F:WX@T73/&7C7X@:A\3]9U6XUOPM#X%UJ]



M/CFZUF\^%_CR3PQKGB[PI%HNEZ-\2]7\

M/%6C:#JEA=6'CSP/J&ES7&FV4&J^%Q[+0`4444`%%%%`!7PE\
_V?/B'XQ_9

MX



M
_A[\



;P'H




M=



M_:%_X)W_`+=VGZ7\!?VB/#OAS6/&%G:ZIK'Q1_95L_#OPWUS3;CP_P#$*'1]

;]FS_@J;



M^()?#7B*RUSQ3-X!T?4?$^LVQ\
?`_XE7'B:XTG4?TE\;_\`!1;2O%GPY7]G



Q9^$8?A)XR_:0\#V/BKX._%'XDWGB+PMK&N?LI_$_0O@'\5OB

_PL_PKW[..L_%:+]FO]IBWU_]A?\`:NEE

MWJOBU[^Y.EZGX4TO5+:YLX@#U?\`;9^



M


LZ1H<'[
?P



UC1[J\TZ_L-4T?4


M5B$1B`3Q7D6B?$N[^


M.?P=\9W_`


M^#'PDTCP7\3?#/@;X9_LGZU^SI\*OV?-
U;P]H_Q3UOQ'\-)I/C9H]UHA\
^




M3]%N/C+\.=.^
]]\8/!FD^
OBIJNE:?JOP/N?!_@WP]\$O`FN_`+X6Z%)J5M



MBFUG_9YN?AOJGA/5/%WBGX@_M$^+_!/A3XQOX1_L'3M-UIIOAWI?[./B1_$G




MW0O'C;P-J7B7QAJ?PV^*7@SQKXXT'P3-;7_`(CEM_%]B/OQDTJT\(^'/B!




+&/0;JU


MO-JVHZ_

M
$K[2+[Q#X6@2T2^TS5C+K<M*__`&^OV

/QKIMGXS^`
M/C!/B=\:_A%_P@FA^


?VC_`(_?&[XT








M@`HHHH`\M^
'Q)'PP\'3:O8:1)XJ\9ZW=IX7^&G@2TNK6SU/X@?$+5+2]G\/
M^%+XO)H+:TCF6QO-5U_6;J6/3OWA+2?$/BW6I[70]!U.[M_C']I?\`X)L_


5U?]H_XZ:Q:
/OPA_9O_P</QR^(&A2_!*PU;P



M[3/#SOK^J?#+X[:5JGCSX;6MI9:1XZ\3_#;6+[5/!WA?E?AE_P`%6])^*O[:
M_P`+_P#@D3XD^%&J?LI:YXC^
?A+]KF\U_\`:&TZ]^'GQ!\%:KX5_:2?]L[4
((]/?XGV<OA'
M4O2OVH_!'[1G[/\`_P`);9?\%)_A]K'[7G[-T_PQN-A_P"I'[(7PET73/V
MC_@QX7T/6[V2QN?VU_V.6M?'WPN^,^A^`X?'FNZKX6^(WPZ^%'COP]\/M'T_
MQGXTD^#GAW5O$/B#7]*\*NO@1\%?'?P1UKX[6O[/7[.7_!;7X*_'/PA\._U











M-\*R^)=&FT;P];KX^F_:$^'_`
3/A9\7_P!G_P`21^/]3M?%.D^'OAOX;\9?

2?&0W_P1\?OX\U?XIP_
MLZW_`(J^.&I^






D/[-/[5OQ;^/WP


M8]*TC5-3N=3M-$

M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HKY+_`&[_`-JY_8K









M1$LO#$7AO0OAU=+_`&HFHZ(VE_T\?MP_MS?LX?\`!.[]G_Q!^TK^U'XRNO!_



M(OM%SHMCXM^)'P\\0QZ/K/B[1-%N_BVWBFQ\[PQHWBC5[O\`JMH`_@7_`.#A
M3_@@-^T-X5O_`(O_`+3G_!+?PUXKU_X3?M3:UX+MOVQ/V)OA%H?B+5]7UGX@











FT2Z^)_BK3M9LM(


M6N^+OAXD


M`&DH!_?O17\&/P

M9TC4$.UEDB9FMKZQN4N--UC2[I8=2T76+._T?5;6TU*QN[6$`].HHK`3Q7X8
MD\4W/@=/$&C-XRM/#]EXKN?HU&T_P$@A\
:CJ-_I%EX@?2?-^W#1KG5=+U

`A`/)_AG^S=\*/@QXV\;^
OA+HMW\/+;XDS2:KXW^'W

MS]I#]G/XPZ[H?A



M\0OVOVM/VXOV2O!U_X1_:$T[QW9ZG'^TC^RSX8^)7[$?C;]I[]B2\\^'-
M_:.M_&?[.6G^+?#&A?$'P59ZZGB[7?!^K^

MJ$^F?EG_`
%W?A5^TA^VQ??LB_\`!+;]EO\`:GUGX*_$7]HZV^+GC?\`:3N;



G]V?B3]IK]I3_@FY:_#ZW_:
&
M/B)XFU6U\&^!X?'WBWQ//\,--L-*N?C#^U]\8O$?BA-0M/K7X<?#:7Q]XW^


://#<:7


?C8OA/PYX9\(V$%UX__;3^+GQ)NX[7
%+-[W5M-\!?M!?#?XK^-Y8XYX[9X-^&OPLU_P`9?$7Q
M7J*RRKNTGPMX6UG5!&LT_P!C\BWGDC]'_8@_X*4_L3?\%'M%^(WB#]C'XXZ;
M\9M
'/B3X&\6^`=?BWW<?FZ)XQT#4/#NJQ^

M*#P/X3A^)5]X669/#%[X_BT&P3QC=^'$N;:RN$T&Y\1+J


NKZ7;WUM/J.E1ZI'-+IDFI6
M



'7Y=#M-7




M-];7@!XA=_\`!:W]B#QYXH^/_P`)/V1?B1HO[9?[07P$_9V^*?[1-]\
?@QJ








]
^#?AO2KK3/!FG7J:9=^+


OV.OBS^W-\5?VQ_
(-0M/V*




MV9-*\?\`BWP1^RKXBT3P-XQ^/=_H^EZ7\(_&WQ!U;4/%-I=^%_A7J3:U/KOC
M&'0[3PN^JZCXB70[#1)=.UC0+W3[F\T_7-'O=0_2*O@3_@G1_P`$U_V7_P#@










M7]3US7_@EXGMI/$=-^
'_!S;_P`%2O$'Q'?]DW]C[P7_`

MWQBM?AQ#^SCXR^(5H?#.G^%]%\4?$'XW_$/1[CXZ_%#4=/\`#=O8:;IGCOX





M.W]E_P`6B6




_A:QUZT^+/A;QUX7@B34OA

MXS\67NG?&SQK=_$SQ5J7AG3M+\

M0Z;KEB\/A;PIK-HMTP!^U'_!V/\`M
_L*_#C]@?Q/\$OC?X2^%GQ9_:S^*6F





MAW4]5.L:














M1M(\.Z1I7A_P_I6FZ%H.A:;8Z-HFB:/8VNF:1H^D:9:Q66FZ5I6FV44%EI^F
MZ?900VEC8VD
-K:6L




M*Z7XX^
.J6
*X\:?%

MW_@ZS_X)^_\`!/\`_9._9\_9
^`'[#?[1=_X/^$_AFTT;Q+JWB+QW\-='U37

&DS0V-PMKJ]_




MGC_XW^/?!W[4'Q*^-K_&OP?X4\(:AX7UWPCH?@;PKIR^%M:U+6;;7[S3M
UG

-O$GAWQ)\.WN;*64^'?&%A
MXBF2+4K_`$^+4H]*-G868!Y[^U7_`
%9O^='[$7Q+\.?!W]J3]JSX=_;XF



M-(\0?V?JNG_R2?MD_LJ?M\?\$M?VE[;Q_P#`9O&/_!2+3?\`@I1^U[JOP]\2

Z9X3^&7@?Q='9ZJH^(/[.GB

7RH(HT\R:625]NZ21W+,;U%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'\O/[<G[/'[2_P`_P#A#_@G)^WI^S#\.?'_P`2


MM\-?$CX(?`/Q5\!;CX:Z-I.@GPG\1M(U^/XB0:7J_BS5[N&?5X9O#\7Q.UZ:





DN='FT

MCXP_%/\`9[\'_LEZ'H\$_C+PGIWA7Q'X^$'Q86&Y^&NB^.O#UOX2T_2M)FDU


M?^--Y9^)(M

M7\N_[;/_``1Y_P@'A[]O7XA_MQ_P#!*;]O'P7^P[X?_:9T?2KO]MS2?B$M



M%_[?GBK]J;X&?#3X7^







M(]*D9WTS7=
COELM7T]W=[+4(+BV9F




M+KX-^%?@Q\'?#'AKXA^$M0\


M_@/-^R)I6I?$WPT/V4OBI\!G^'GB/Q7\0_$]]XA^+WP;\`:E\/OB):^'M9\;
M1ZJ?%/B+X??%SX;'XC?L=?$[4O&7]O/X@AL/BBVNZ1XLLBL6J?2?[-GPSN/A
MCX9\960^&7@'X


/[0FOZ1JE]\-_CG
MX-_:+^'WB/Q=\
_$O[1?PDM?C]K'P9^(WQ/\9?7X:Z;\)OWQIN-8TO]F?Q


MQQKGZ2:SX'UG4OC9\.OB+%J$^&O'PQ^
'A'4=(DO)5FNO$?CWQ/\$]5\.Z






MN=/BAMX[5((_QK_X*S?\&P?[2'_!3K_@I1X\_:C?]L[P3\/O@'XY\(?#G3--


MVH:'XP^%7QO+C2?!7A;P[H6K?#WQ5\/_#7@O7/'B7_`#E/AWX#_9V_:4_8


M&=G_``2S\(_!WQS!9^

MIK6C^$_`_@K1ETCPUJ8MYI--O)QIK:%;21:Q-?7?FZLP!^)OQK_X*3_#7XD_
M\&C/PT_9STOXH_#5_COI7CCX5_LV?$7X1P^/O!MW\5-*^'WPX^
^K_$+P7XL
MN/`5E+IWBK2O#^M:!\


M%.K_``=E^'OBK1;#Q/I&L_LR^#)]

MO/C#X)\7VWP./A;0-?\`B)HGR5_P3A^)/_!.SX`?';Q'H?\`P54_8Y^)_P`?
MO`





MBW/M_P`$?C-_P21_X*1^&/@%^RM_P2T_8Y\)_LH_&']K3X[ZS\


MM]$^)^A307(U2#4+.Q_8KQ#_`
'@G_!57XR:[I\W[+7[#7P

M/X!^/'Q^U_4_$?\`;EE?Q:%%XA\'^


MM[87VH:&VB^F?\':'[
&F_LU_M9?\$Q_VO\`1/AIH

MGA_1I?AQX=M/@#\3O$GQ5T#X=OX3




=3^'TNI?9?AE

:ZC=Z#8727+S3:I=ZK_`$_?


M;_F*&/QIXLT?3M?U/P[XZ\3^%?!:A93?$#Q_I_PU\.2^+/&L'P[\$BY7Q%
MXYU/0-!B74-0TWPU8:C=6D
]J]RD
=Q$[`'IM%?G3^VO%XJ^

M;/\`@G]\!OB?^RA\#_@IXZN;/X@?#_X


ML_X(A?\`!.7_`(*0?&'PK\=_VL/@WKGC3XD^%/!FE_#V#6/#WQ
^(/@&'6/!
MNBZ]K7B+2]%UZR\&^(-&@OS9ZAXCUU(M6C%KKOV+4?L+:H;:PTF.PY#PE_P;







-VVB


.KQ26-G8:FV

M7I\#W5_J6IW=O86%E;1#

!5ZOE_\`;!_8\^!/
M[=OP.UG]G']I/P[JWB_X/^)O$'@_Q!XH\+:/XHU_P;-X@/@KQ)IWBC3M(O/$






M\#?7C[Q=JUOH4G[26B^&O`W@SXG_!'Q[K&L1PZF-'A\7^/B=X
\
ZAXBO3


MZC=Z=XUM[V^U7POX6EGF\`^'_IC]FG]FGX(?L??!#P#^SE^SEX!TWX9_!SX9

MJM_=WM[=S3S











M8ZAI]];PW=C?6-W]O=V=Y:72075K=02207%O/&\
T+O'(C(S*;5%`'Y-_L





$/

MDD@3SH+W0Y[:6)YK5X#:SS02?MGX-\$^#/ASX9TOP7\/?/ACP)X.T..XBT3
MPGX-T#2O_AG1XKN\N-0NH]+T'1+2QTO3X[F_N[J^N$M+6%9KRYN+F0---([
M=/10`5XE\8/@;X5^

:QK]S9H(BB-'-K%\S2*\@E57$48!\S?30/@5\&/&GP]^$/AWXDV6N_$K5





MOAFY\2^(-2UWQ!H^G:-#H?ARWG\0:O]O;3]$B?5+BU4_30\1_$[4_W@;7=



_PSUR:SNM4\#?$KPMH_B_


@M()I8W^FZ**`/G[X(?L_:7\#?AW=_#C1





NO

MTSXQZMX(CN_B9HOC72?B'I'BXZ_XIAU#3?&&A?#W7/A1I&JV45OKD-C;QV'P

MWXUT[QS=6T'C+Q`^G27NF^%=.\)1:#;Z;=7UQ9:7X*N;+2K35M1\&Z-#IWA_

]#GT^UU?QY\3/

M_P#I+]NOXE?M3_\%1/C1\%+CQ=XJ?X$?LD:[;?/X9?#W4G@L-#TKQCI?AW
M1(_B[XP31M/EDM+O5O$7CX:W8V/B+49KO6;SP;I/AFVD;3+:%-%L`#_5$^#7



MXF\$7*^)KXTC2=0\0:OH;Z+X8U74M+_`-7'_@CC_P`%-_'_!5C]BGP+^T7

OO$IT?P^



M)A5P+B`_O5_Q&/@%XT^(9^.=_P#MX?%SX(^






MUSI\%Q\/?B-K-B-)O+QKJQMM6@CN+NXFL
2_@9^U#_P6$_:Z_;%^$WP\_8_
M9X\%P_LS?L;Z??VW@OX8?L6_LVR^-/$%QXVO/$WBR[U;2/GC7Q7J5UJ_P`2

M`/B;XT?M!V(MOVP_VE=*T1?&?AF.\L[ZQ^OPQTR9M5\-_V.YLTDBO/&6H:


GP(_8H^


M_P#@AEX.^(O@#_@D?^P;X.^*_@?4?AQX[T'X%:3::MX-UG0IO#6M:59/K6MW

MN:3XKU_2_%7BVU\/:SXFU?X@)JOA[2-367P/X;BL-*^&OAR[$U_/K-S8:%_1
M!110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?D)^U-_P09_X)-_MF_%2Y^-/Q^_8^\(:[



MQ-::EXGNH9A9:


^'=

M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!5'5-4TS1-
U'6M:U&QTC1](L;O5-6U;5+NW
ML-


M^)7Q9\6:PLTOAOP_9:?HFJZP_A'X=:NG?Z97_!);_@F#\(O^4G[)?AC]GG



_QD_X*8_$CPW'9Z'J^C:G\
M`?V:[C5=/N#=ZN%UBUNOC/\`$/0GN3%;1:98WNBZ/\--*UVPBO9;_4%^)WAX



M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7^8[_P`'I/QXU/QQ_P`%#_@-
M\!8=3N9_GP&_9FTS7AI,EQ&]MIWQ^


UA%IMU/_IQ5_BP?\%H?VDKW]IW_@K'^VA\5O$
WB'6/#VE



MM?W_A71?`7P
TJWUS
(?&<&KZU<:=;66FFYTVPM[:UM/QD_




M\&B/_!-3]M7]C:7]I[X\_M1?!+6?@GX'_:#^&GP1B^$5EXTU;P]!XX\3V^GZ

M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_+_`/:-_P
_\`P3._:6\$?$OPKXF_




MXU^(_@Q\%G^-T4IFLKF/=\1__PX\+:R@MKJPM;NV^R_9FANHUN%;S$C9/T=
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
D@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/__9
`
end








begin 644 v334147_ex10-15x7x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`

MZW8BUU2VBDU319K_`$R+4XM1T66[36-(U:PLKU%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`45_/?\1O^



M?]EK1_@W\%_'7Q8\-^/%'[)?[1_Q\\1_!'2M&^.-_\`O2[GPE\%_B3X]UZ




(_!GA

M.^#]'UC3V&FZE9U^E]`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%



?!FH:[J\W
MC!O$NGW.DB'PKK?AS3YYK%O)OB'_`

]9UGQ4




77A
?$+7/AEX'OM3NFM;/3
M/$/@[Q!\

MX$^$.F?2V^!G[6_[9GP1UKX)?`K2?V:?`GB?P%XF_9[NIU^?AW7X_$?ACP




MZ
T`%%%%`!7XD_\`!0GXD?$GX.?M??LM:?J?_!3#XF?L;_L[_'KPM^T1-X]M

M?%B74-8;4;ZUOX?#%QI


M+^U?XTLOVI?A!I7QZ^%-UX#_`&7OBKXUL;KX32ZSX.T7Q?XPUK5?#6CZEI&F





MXWL?A_K?['B^'M&'A_\`X9?\)^&-2T2X^)5Z=4_X3#Q%XLM=0T_^QM-\'ZB`
M?I1\:_\`@H_X-^+/P._:-\
_`?5?VCO@A\05_96_:%^/W[-O[0-Q\'_#UOX)

U'09=6D\/1Q0?$GP1X=U/Q?X'\4IXI^'=




FU#\/]*^&GPCT/

:-\:/A)^T!\5+;]FO2/V<OB[I7[5G[(/_!0;
MXI^&?B?#CXV?M$?%+X$_$+X1_$W5_V?=9^+WBV^^'7A/]IKQ]\*/%_AOQQ?



M&^$FJ_L]W&O?$7Q6WQ3T?3_B%H\OPZTWQ1I.H?#J?PY;:?IWB+0?B=XAN?$+
MNMII]H)](_X*W_`*/X3?$/X]_%#X2_M
_`/X'^#?@/X8_::\)?%CXN_#;P[!
MX
^



M5)K^B_$7X`7/@9?B;X(\1ZG\




MBGP*UKIL/@;XR^%/%6A0ZAX?T?5M775M(OO$G@W6/MW_`(*1_LW_`!K_`&LO






M_PAWB?Q+\6OV2[+Q-^W9^S7^SM\!K+2=#\$_&*TT+X6W'P&\8?%B]@UFZU



GQP^&

/^HWPI\(_M'V7[/8^/[17B'


M?VD/#OP


M



ML-3U#Q7JLMKJ\M[X?3P[?^OP#^./P__`&T_VO?CYXJU#X4ZC\*_VC-)^6E
^(/VI]
^!O[
OQ&^/6B



M_L4:MX!^
'[










?@C2?'X\0WNLZW87GBK4+K2-:LM
M8U_0=4\)_9?[7GQ1^*/_``Z#^._[0/@#XO:WX#^+_AS]@3QG^T+X9^+?@O2?


MTCPQ8^

3Q'X@N9M7TCP^MS






MQI
7C`S:_!=ZMICZ7^GG[
WAO]L32;;QCK/[87Q2^!GC;Q%K
GANS\'^$?V=

M\





MH_C'P/\`%3P9\2_BW\%?BC\&_P!O']K2S_;
M=$FO+V_\+^-?!_C7X+_`!2M
M;+2]+UZ.'Q2_C71M&2^UB]TR?7+G3-*_4F7X:?'BR_9`U3X4-XB^%/C;X_ZG

MHZ_K6DZ#ING:YXGM=7U34?%5N`?FA^P3_P`%.?&-]_P3=\3_`!0_:^UC2/''
M[7_[-MOX(\`?%/PWX?CT#PIJ7Q[^*OQO^'OP\^+'[)EG\/\`PQX?T:R%EK'[


M_HOC;XI_$_XNZM\+M*T74?`M\;SQ18Z[\1FT*S^(6O\`BZ2*]T#3+-[WPTE_








M!^Q+^S]\1/'_`(^^



M&V]!\*?L[?M&:=_P4N^*/[7VM7/P4C^GCK]F;X7?LQZ;X6TO7_'5[\4K/2O
MA)X_^,OQ4T3Q]?/=^#M/\)G4-?\`$OQDU?P]JO@^]DMM+T*PTW6;3Q;J&H6

-5@N?B





_\`!1OX;?\`!3'X/26UU\3/$'@KP%\3/AK\:?V:OC'HGP=^

MF_\`\%#O'6M_M





/AGX;UC_A&/
MC)J7B.?Q(WP^\'P^&FU30_#
?AM1XEN=4USQ


?$G[3?A?P%^S3#^RU\



MHOV6?!7[=^E?MW_!#5_%W@O]H!_C?%K$7[;VI?MVS_!?X@:?X6^(NA_#^\\-





MR;4;_P)7@+P)KNHWE]HFN?V5XHLM6\/7-IJ5W;W=\+F2WU1M/L@#RV_P




M%\.$T^WUXFLYK7Q'XRMO!GA^L?$-S\Z?`G_@N[JWBWPO'\1?C5^P1^U=X#



=9\/ZF=`73]`M/%FMZUILBZM::&`?OO\`


Y=!\:^(?$FHZ5X3@\0Z3I.OWWB[PUX





M[-7B[X+_`++_`


[Q/!^E^%!X;3P-J
OA^?Q@UG\0?$?AK0KY;2SO[K5K&D_[*


?%WQS^''Q







M



M



M6





M^*/#\GQ$TBXTYQX`\

MTR[\%_!'3FMT271-5FOHY=4NM(GEL+;4/#4FZUBU*36;F'3)/#NN@'VW\+?B


O
M].TN_P#&WCS6;;0?#UKJ.K3&#3;.6_NF6-;B\E5UAC&68)(YPD;LO\]O[5G[

MT\

/_``32TGPMXM\2_#_5?B`MKJ/Q

W


MB.#Q1HL^B/?PWT+M]`6WQT^#%[\8KO\`9ZL?BK\/[_XZZ=X-O_B'JOP@L/%F
MB7WQ'T;P-IM]X3TVZ\6:WX0M;V;7-$T+[;XZ\(6]MJ.JV5G;W[:_I[6+W*2.
MR?RT?M.M\./@%_P4;U#]I;X=7&H?M@_LH?M'Z3^WO;_M9_!33-4LOA[X@_9D

/P3_`&;K34/A6+VTU'1(


MH

Z/^VO\`\%!?V2_V5OBC

:!+^U*G_``4'\`_#WQ-K


M3X5?'3P-5O=!/CCX.?$/PC\3?`US38[:74=&/B7P5K&MZ*-5T^*\LY+W3C

M]OK7-&\!:'X!\0ZC\&_$E]\=O#7QJ^%_PYUO0/$^F^*/`?BZ[T2+X??#K4/B





MG_!.?5-`UG6]:^
]U_P7]^







M1U``^Z:*_F=\=?M4?\%(/`MM^W'\?](_:B\%^
?AQ^PS_P`%%O!O[.K?LZZE


MQE_X):_`3]J7X5:YXK^&7P'^%8O/$3?'7P+X6^*WB#PII?P5\5Z_XBT[X;ZI



MMOVQOV'OAUXUT'7?A_H_CB/Q?X1^/G[97P#^`FM6&EWNJZA9/X+US3]*^).H
MZAI7BS3X-2OM

G^!/P#\

M2]:M@=/UB#2];L+NQ_M329[W2;XPFXTZ^O+5XYW_`)]?V@/V\OVX?!/B;P-\




M7X/?!O6?A5X=^*/Q$\


MJGB_0-




MU^XTJWM9=!`/W%^


ML^GIX0\4:KHWCZQ_L=K%]6U3PQ8Z'KCWWAC4=9TJ^`/T4_9O_:G^`?[7/@C7
MOB)^SQ\1+'XB^%OGQ!\9??Q9/%H_B7PSK/A'XE?#^_33?&'@?Q9X3\9:+X







MC%X^B\


MQ7^

:9\1?&



_[/_BG7M''B+0_#7QM^._PM^%/B#6?

MM9M(KZTN[*6XTZ_N88[NVN+=W$T

MLV^)?&'BVTUG]G[Q9X\^(6HZ7X8\(^%?$GQ+^*-Y/#'HVF0LOB?
^)O_``49
M_P@_P?\%_\%`OCQJGQ)^%/CCPW_P`$N?BM^S=\%_B?\%M.^`*Z!=?M17GB



MX-M/%6N6GAOQ%X'T-?#$7B2S\'^`]$O?$


U2Z\0^$X-?CL


M^/\`7?#^NZ[;^



M;4/!_P`
_P!LO1_$E]::[X^3_@I1^V4_Q%\8Z1I2^%_#7CGQ5'XVTNR@\4^&

._V'OV=OB;/^SY=^.M*^*GB]_99U#P_K7P/O[C]I+]I2UU#PKX
MC\


M





MI02R7Z=NOVB/V?['1;?Q+??'/X.V?AV[U[Q!X6M=?NOB;X*M]%N?$_A*^DTO


E[X@TE'U31+5+9I]5





MOQ'96IT*\\2P7UGHNH:G9K9WET`9_@C_`()[?L4?#GX`_$?]EWP;^S7\+](^



M;OXY//\`$6OOJ?CNI_\`!&7_`()J:OK-QXCN_P!F:RCU^^UWPEXLU76]-^*7
MQNT;5=

M8/\`V5O'?QR3]HSQ7\
KO5OBL?$OPX\:7VH-\1/BE9^#M?\`&7P=DTNX^$GB

M?[/_`








M?!^Q^`P_9D\





M_KNFZ/XFUSP3\./!OAS2].M/$?B?2]

?B




MA#\'OAG\-?%7BGX;ZOH?@3X277Q2T37/AUXD\8:!XGN?`.O^)?#=KXKL]+M_

NBP8^CM:_X)=?L'6_B/6OBMX._8W_`&9$^-T/C;5?C-X)\6^*?AM8ZAIV



M)DN]\8T=

M\2?BY^S)\


WB&V2/6F:_/T/\3OCU\#/@F^@I\9?C/\)_A(_B

7_`
$VCM+'3KW7;!--OCJ5]XGGFNSIND`'

^('PUUZ



US\2






M;^&7Q







M3XD:KXH\47GCS7_&P\1ZMXOE\3^)!X@O-0CU[5DO/H&P^+_PEU7Q2?`VF?%'


M&'BG1-%\-^+/%%I\0](UVQ^(3:]XNT#PWX?T?Q=JMQXIFO/%.G:+I=KX@FU&





MP=\6?%BU\.:1JUK9)XOBT#19=4T[3[37#%>VMK9ZM)]F4ZK';WRPV
M

OA?[-/[37[57BWXA^&/_PTE\)/V=O#_P`.OB-^S[XC_:!^'?QX_9S^



M2[0#Y8^)G_!*/_@GC\8_BEJ_QJ^)W[+7@+QC\3O$3?#V;Q-XHU2^\6B3Q7=_
MIM`_P%?ZGXMTJT\1VVA^*M8\-P^%O#]C;:UXATS4M5NM*TR#2-1O+S2VFL



-2T;Q+XA\(VEOX?L7GDO)VO[5



MI-5O=*'B37X]


-
\1ZUX
%K2UNKKQ'?Z9<75KHEO;










MK?#RS\







:=IGQ$\
:CXV^#_`(X\
^.M9U;PY!HDNAWNE3^(

















^

M7N=%_INK&\1^'=!\7^'M=\)^




T73_#OA?PUHEBFRUTS1M%TNVL+TB!9_+MX4#R


MIS0VFH6E[=?UPT4`?Q':!^QY??$KX4?`GP_^U]^P%_P4-^

M^)WQ@M_A?^T?^S/\7?BM\&/@YKEC??&;QA\-/AYXRL]0\5V/PR\0^([W39M8




\5Z;\-O''BWXW_`++/Q3T.\^(%D^O:




M\F/P#2Y\7_M*?\$MO$W[0'_!.;]L:\\(?LR_\$H_C!\#?$!^*/[)?C37='\'





MF:M\
OA;XL^G@KX:_$?6OWBOP7J5UI%S87.A^
O`'PXUK0[_\`HN_:Y_9*


4^G:[/

MX?L5_P#!1#]H?P+^U!^RM^Q1JGP;^'/P'^)_B;X)_#)/'_PK^']S9WWP#_:^
MDTSQ]H_`_6/!7Q1M=#\77OQ*UGPQXBETG1O'GB2W_MR[\`?\(Y)[]^S#I7



MWP)\)]%\!:[J7ASQ[X=^*WC'QIKO@_QK+XW\6^`++P7X`^.OA+XA:.+[Q_?^
M))]*T'7/@OHBQ)H^M3Z;)K?Y]_M*?`+]I_XF)_P5!T?PS^R?XBT_5/$7['7_

M`&IO?[+GC#X5:UXJ^-/AW]F;0[_`.'B^)=:\:_#/6]*\6^&M0\0?#ZPT_Q5
MX4TOQA967@.H_!3XN:]HG[*7[3W[9G[+?[9WQL^WA\_P"BOP\^(%G^R]^
MS[XF_9?_`&CO&/B_X^_'_P#WBCX=_M5_%7]DKPCXK\




MWPJCU[1;WXB:CX+
7VG2_%VB7FL75U:M!_5C10!^`?\`P3@^!'PZM_\`@H5_


M_P#%SP'^T5\?/%_BCX':GI%M::O_`
(8/B%X-^*/A:[_`.$I\:6F@^!KF.Q%
*-!/B/Q*O]-]%`'\<O[9?PW\
M6_';X:_\%&_B?\&OV#OVG/@_\-_&'_!)'X1?LCZ=\-7_9(^*&I^
?'W[5NG






G__]O/7O&_[
M!?QNU+5OCK_P<%?!'XL?#2YNO^<?[0/B7Q=XD_9%\*_M

M;X!ZEXWT+X
/X$^&OQVU]M_$NCZ3X=\8W4^N^']%M-?U[Q4=+U'^Q^B@#^6
M#1_5EXH;_@KUX7^'G[&_PU#I_P)U+_`(**_P#!-7]L+P-\+YOV,?BY\)/#
M7QW\%_OQ7^PWK_[4LGPC^'OQ?\``/PYT#QYXG\3^


M3O\`C%XE_8S^''@JY^!_[1?Q.^#_`.SC\&_B!X




Z
MAIM]J

M8^LT`?RD^%_6H_#[P3_`,$Q/VP?_[/G[?/Q!T/_@G%^V)^TKHW[2WB3XL_
ML_\`Q0^%W[07QQTG]N#]G;Q7=?M/_MX:5^RCX@-_\3_$'@FV_:9^
TOB*[\

M3P9+XUU;X/R^
_#

MAM%\(]2\'V7Q




M.?BYIO@WQ9XSFTKX





'[2GQ)\/ZQ^T_P##MI_#

MV'Y-_!7X'_LO_'GQ#^Q9\)OC_P#L



_VE/BY^UQ_P6%L_B7%;?#;QK9?%3XL?`7Q)


M'\#7[.7PW_9'^'.C^.K77/A;^T9\%_A;\?\`_@D'9?L_?'SQ!^SC_P`$QOVK



M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_#_@I!X/\`@QH?[=G[#VO_`!+?]I2^
M\,_%_P`)_M9Z;\0?!'P(\:?MKZ[J?CV]^&OPO^'^K^`X-$^$_PRYXVAN8-9

/[5[_M

\;ZKJOQ+E\4VVLVLDVF0:.


7Q@^*F


?!WQFO

M_@D7X^70-8US1?VTO$OA;]H72/V_O'7_``4(^#?QJ\._!3PK:Z=\/?'_`
3?

M%K#Y$H!QGQB_X+
?$[X6^`OA];W/[$&L^%?VE-:^$WQX^*WCO]GSX[?%'Q[\

MNJ:3XJO=9\*7]Z/#





MCGQ#XLUY-?\`#T^O8L:&H_\`!(3XM:C:^!=23]N&/1?B+X?\)_MQ^%_$_P`0


&\


MJW'Q(U'3O#?BO1HM?\13:7-#X?M-):XTVWMK?3K'4KO4]3U5M3NM3^S(_P!C

M\'M1\7:1I$T7B;P[H7B@^'[I]1M(IK76=&M]81))=/NK+=9




/X/B#\6I?$'BZ']H*R\?\`BV7PW\+O


:#X8URP^(FB^([?U/PC_P
M21@C^'?[;7PU^)G[1&M^(]._:^_:\'[=?AWQ;\
_`?3XC?LX?M
Z?J_P`/


OASQ1X5

MCUK7[-?@_P`6Z!\.-







VUEH'PY_X)W_##]I#]HGQI\1/C7\1O@;\4/V??&7QW^''B7XT?



$T?C#XPTV\@OKVRO['Q/X-_9MUOQCX8UNVO[*XM[R&_P!'\3Z)I6LV


OC_P`.C0_!


MD7T.\T:SU5HBVE7%C&;-_CV?X)77[$%KXS_;@^*?B/\`:P_X*?&+X7_`+/G
MA/\`9Y\^$_AG\)_A]K_`


M%:/K_P`#Q^QY^S7^TZ?CYI'C^74K*7QE^TKK?Q/'A[X)VO@V7P3IQEU+PUX&




MZ=?QW:7MK.?E[Q/_`




MQ;H





MI'XO\



_#O]M_]K[6/B_K_`.S=\1/V0_A=X
_:

MP)\5?'?PZM/@O\8?VI?V&_AU\.];^.7PQ_:*\8_%/Q?\;_!WQ:^%.E_$2Y_:
M)^(NC:K\/?AIX:\(_M$W?C7XC^)?[5N+[3_B9XVTA]`T_0=2^
?C;1-/TVZE


M_1_!WBA?AEX+T+3/#_@S1/&
7AR[;P_XB\1Z'INGC3I_%FE:+X7.N:?#ILNL








M_%WXV_#SP3XN8I?:3X+^
OCS2=\HNM+DTP`^+?VA/^RFO\`[/WCOXB^`KSX
M,?##Q-J=S^TC\4?@I^SYJ.J?&3XA^#_7C7PE\`/@YX$^('QV^(WQ2\1^$?V

TFXTKP+XP\







&[WQ?I7P/U&\1O_@#XE_#N?4/%OA3PM;^*/&%Y\1_C5K












\3

M-^)?@
WP;U']H3]B?QO^S[X9^(5A\`)?&$WQH^/OP/\``7C'PSK?Q\^(^I_#


M(;+]EW7]1\6^=4M/$OCZ+Q%K?@_P3K/BN[M?$7BCX:^#+_0VU;5-/BN)_&;
MNRF$`]D^(G_!7[XO?/XJ?$/P?\`$;_@G7\6]%^&_P`(?VD/V??V??B9\7]






_;OVY?

)KWQ'H^F#0=-G\,M<7.J2^(Z+_P3Y^*
M'Q-_:`\#_'K]NC]J+3_VJ=/^$NE^-C\'_P!GKPK\`/#GP._9O\^
OB5X;N/



M9:U^TA\9M-OO'MIJ/[4O[9_A7P'X`^)VHM\0(%^




O%Z#_`
%N

^)MW\:O!7Q

MY]\+O^&7Q+^_Q#_9]^*/@+]OW7;CQ9^S/^T/\`M._M#?#Y_''[

M)_$'[6EIXLT_XN#XS:]I?BGPO\2OBUXEUK2O&NNZ%_PG7B#XAQ:Q8ZFC6&@
MV^AS:%IMY#]'Z'_P35_:`\)?L-?L?_L7:!^U;\&/$^C_`+,6D67@GQ[!\;?V
M,I_C#\#/VH?A;H'P]\0?#_PA\/OC#\=1_:8T'53IGA@ZMHWC*S_`+(^
$6E

MO[*WB7]ESQ%X_DTJZL+K4=$\6_#G5?AWJ^M6&@7/B36+W3;.WL-8N&T709_%
M^J76FZ=;V6ER^)+Z:W;5)?SR\5_LZ?MG?MN?L*:+\
O#GQ7O_P!G'XU:!^QY





M/;30]6U;Q[9:UI.DW/BC6KZZ\0W+Q3`'7?`#XY_#.R_X)Y^$OVD/A-XV^+OQ


M6=_X-UWPEIFD7&NZ5XFTRX\(VNE/J.GI95^+O['7Q(_:!_9TTS_@E5^TSX]_
M:1^




M/PM^$'QMU_P;:W4?Q2^(\'Q0\8O\9?&WA+X*_#GP-^S_`*#XATWPE\+-!G\$
M:1?ZWJ7@VZ\:Z]J6ON`?E?\``']KOXQ_LU_![_@GI^W[\0_CO\7OBK:?M]?L
MP_MF_$G]HSX7^/O%7Q+^
&FR_$WP3\#_`!A^V/\``]O@!\*(-0ET+X7Z%\-?


M+\&?&/5M/TJZU7XH_$2'XM^+8?BGXP\




M[/W_``1)^#G[8OG_``:\1ZI\.-$;]J_XP6_QL\43^

M7X*?'GXGS7G_``2X_;3U#QQXV/@'_@J!\+_A!X3^.WP%U#7KKQ9\/?AY\:?B


MQZSJ-O!J-W=;P#U^BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`


M+9?M2@`HHHH`***_

M\.?`CXJ:-\7OA-H/B\^$OV@/@G^TMXE\9_#OX7^(?`OP+AU_XN_%_0OB+!\9


M6?V$OAU\//AI\5-7^+_B;Q'X'^+/P@^(7[0'A/4_A3\`_P!HSXWW]E\$_A+=






`\??
/(/%FFV<.
M@7?C7^T[[3M'`/W/HKX3\?\%*/V._B9)\*(?`OQ!\<^(9_CCX4^
GB[X56M

-UJ/@C]I^T^/&H?!KQ'JO
MPO\`C#X3T_6M


L+C2[2_U&QLKK6[Z32]%MKN[M[:XU?4XM
U
M'6I=.TN&:1)+^^BT?2-6U:2TM%EN$TS2]1OVC%K97
L5ZOS%/_!8_P#X)T6O





MIK+X?W?C^+QQ\!]!?P2GC^\M-3M/`B^*5TF3QG=:'XC@\
IJDOAO7DTX`_3B





M`:/\+O%?Q7_9[7QNWQN\!^&_C1K'PQL/A)J^L?#9OAUXOM-;N+7QHVC7VK:)


MM?AE\3[_`





W?Q*

^APZC'/;10_LY_M0?#]JCPSXQ\2_/



MP5M_8-U3Q2/UM\6_$:OJFF?$C5?`'B7X

M_P#!//XOWTMGX#_:)M+VV3X




M=+T'PGKTWB'QW\
WGAOX<^


//AK=Z=XG^%,7B#QUHOQ2\7?



M0]EH?@3]F7PYX7\8?&?5/'_PY^

MB%H/Q#U6QGT'X=ZM\-]$\6V/CWQ


GAK7OV??VC_#GQO\``'CKXQZWX&\.






MB#Q')JVI:1\
?'UEX$\5^'U`/VQHK\K?CY^TW\?OV//V*/A7KMWKFF?M6?M4




M54_87^


?[:_[#7@'5/BM^SMX`_9@_:1?XX:;\6-4^
F@6N@ZUX
?




M/^H\W[2GCS7/!O[(?[*?A[]BGQ1\+=8\7_LD_M?!+QY\/='^/_`(0^/'B;

M!6S_`()W6WPV\
?%O_AI?P]=^!O&&F_$+7=OM+\'?$W6-;E\-??5)M$^)/

M*.?\%6?@]\#OV7/VB-9_9K_:


O%-WX-F\*:/K5OJUIH]Q=PRBWDMI9M*Y_X*R_\$[++P3X
M
^(=_P#M2^!=.\+_`!#?XG6_@F74=






M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^2?VVO$O[5_AWX
MZY!^Q9\.-


M\-M-_8QLO!ZV_P`7]&\.^-9/$'[2_P`/_$OQ`UGPSXQEUOQ)\;_VNOBAK?A?







MA;Q1XFU7PAX:NDM_FHV&K:UJ'A?0IU2YN=$T]K8`_E1\)?M)_`[X1_''P!^
MW5X5_;+_`.:OC+Q@?VG/VZ/B?X__8[F_PC/['6E:CI'PY_:V\+_#70_!N

%/VK/V_$WQWU3PW^VQ\9/`'[1W[/O_!5K]C_X
M9_$/]GCXW?M<_'GQI\6[G]E[XAZ/\4OB;I?P]_:1_95NM)U_PKIOQ+LO$OA3
M7=(U?7]`\2ZMX=\$6MUK^F:MI7]TNF^)_#6LZGKNB:/XAT/5=9\+SVEKXFTC
M3=6L+[4_#MUJ%N;RPMM=L+6XEN](GO;0&ZM(=0BMY+FW!GA5XOFK<H`_B_\`
MB?\`&KX$_&S1O^JOPM\4?M\_P#!-33]9_:V_P:7[(?[
GPV^.$_[=G[(G












MA1^(]%U&PL;UM+36+&:!;CT[Q]\3_AK\*M


-K.;0KGYNUC_


M([`BKWA#QMX
^(6@V7BGP#XN\


MTAX:\+_#;QSXHN=
T/\`M[0[-?_Q@TNQU35IK#1_PUO$^CVPTGQ$UOI_\`







M77Q#TK2_CI=Z)KFB:OXEET'Q%XATC3-5BU.(:A=:[X;Y;]A#_@F!\4?V+_B=


MEW


MQ;:E8V]PFP`'\QW[._[(W[37_!0[_@F[^P5\/KCX;_##X#??2_^*7Q/_9Q


_P!H
M#P5X@U#1[K4-7UK1_!ELWB6]\#OK]U]]_%/]FW]MS]HG3O`'C+XQ?LS?L]7?

M`?!:V^&_PF^(]XNE76B2W]SXR\0_K4K#0;23P'-.G[3^/`G@?X9^%]
\$?

T#0;.PTJP^WZK?WVI
FZMX?\<:
M$\UWIY_9IT6/QKXSFTJ^AN;OQGXLTK3FCTJOV%_8]^!'QT^!'[0/_!0.]\:Z
M!\.KCX/?M'_M3']IKX7^.M!^(.MWWCB637_@#^SW\(-4\#^*/AI=_#O3]*T)


MKXM?PU\.?CQX'^+/PZ\81W'A..7P9;:;X5NKD76A^(=#UC4/0_C-^S+^V]\9

M-7B\0W_@WPO;O\.;S3O%=Q9ZUJ-PK:OIVJZ=83:?X.O()KVX?]XKOPQX:O\`





+9)OAWJ^KZQX)T3POXP71?%$WC+2+C
M0(_-\;\=_L9?M6?M_P#[2/@+]H?]I_PSX;_9)^&_P'_9N_::^&?[.WP<\-_%
M+_A;GQCM?C)^UU\-;[X3^-?C9\4O$/@G3?#?PP\-W?P^^$VJ/X-\._#[PSXG
M^,NE_P#8:AXPU[3?'*6%MX=UC6?W+KSWX;_`!<^%'QCTK5]=^$/Q.^'OQ4T


^//V&_''[-W_!.[]O_`
2^.OV'OV&?V=_$
MG@C_`((V_MD?`_QI\;?@1XX\3_$KXG_&;Q59?`WS[*Z\#OJ_PI^%\/PC^!-\

^'K?P1KTOBOUGQ]^P[^U]^U9!J?[4'A

M#MC;^'?`6LZQ\)O'P]\2MJ.I^*--TOXC_$;6-5TGPQ)-)IEY^_WQB^!_P7

M2O@S_A=6M_#+]ECXW_$OQ7\=O&



M/[/7QL^$?QX\$VFJW&A77C#X
$_L?BJY\=1^&O#\?C:\\/V7A.[\8IHVG

MX??M/_#_`



M7Q7\0_$2*?QCJ5G-IOC'Q-_1I10!\!?\%(?V5_B3^U9\`?#ND?`_Q?HW@CX_

M#M:U+3M(UBYTB'74UA-&UC^SSIEWX+\6O`?[17_!0#Q/^SU\.OC!^QYJW[-W











MX+\-7.@_#?QW\4=0^+/B'4/AUXTM-)






M34+VWU/Q/=Z)HT;ZMJ]MHEK?3:;IB/?WB0VJF4`'\WGQC_9?_PA7BW3/\`

MC'5/%?B?Q7JG@;P!9V?@ZX^
6D^*M3A3Q





MPR\+W'P*_:&\(^!_AY^RKXP\`?\`!

M`!EHGPU\#Z-XLT/3]7C\0:=I'B32O#.F6&MZ=IVO16FGKK6G6FI6]S#8:L=.

L

M+XW6WQ-_98\3Z)\&)?VG)_C/X?\`@)%I?A[PY\=/'/BKQWXX&@Q^#?$7B=?#
MO@_7/`^AZKXT\.6CZWJ


M7_9M_PCUCX!_88\%?&G_@GCX/U[1_V)?\`@EO^WI^P[XU\+ZK^T9\!==\!

M$^A\
^%=(7P=\5?ZH**`/X_=#_9J_PC.E^%M9U']F+]D[]J#3O@_X?^.7[








GP\_:%_9B.
MM6J?LUZ[^TS\)_C7???Q$/%OQ-^FH:[\/O#XU/Q+\

MWHE_X8T?5OM=A^A?C3_@F;\!/B5KG[5FM?$3Q=\;O&$?[7Z?`D_$C2+SXB1Z

Z]\+;SPEH/AWQ%X'\3^#?$-C8:O8^)K;7;W7O[1T_3


TW


M`
%B/B?9?'JV@^-7PM_:
^

MC_#+]H[QK/J$NH0:9IOQIO?$WPD\!7W@G2]:T^V^'6EZ7X-\8:MX;N[.2%?V






M\1XM
\30ZM'^TM^T+\7/!W[0'CFVN-66;Q
+S4?#O[/_`

MH

M&W[2?QELO&4OA/XW^



MK\)M1N_$?Q$U'4/B!!\-M
_:'^+/[2^G_M(?&/2?#GB&?5+6[\?ZCX9_9]^#
MTFI^




M^(+GP/X7OKKPKKGVVUM]0TZ:^T][.ZU769=0Z+Q'\*?C+\2OVS_@?K-WX8L/



&LZV`?
7[=_Q
^/?PZ_X*%?\




7A+]CG]H




=$
M^'VK_M.?L=^'/$6JW]ROAG1]/
_[0?A2VT;1Y]7UJUTCQ4UA'I1_4WX:_P#!





\5S




M^?^=/PQ^(?BS_@L!^V7_P3U^
%YH7PI^


M\=_C9\&_&U]^TI!\+%^


T[5+S3M2\9ZS+;WEQ.N^U!^Q6WXU7'_!7#]N
MGX3Z=^TE:_M%^#O@-X4^
OPP\-^&E\/_`+
5Q^SG\=OAGX[\*^(OC#^V%\%_





G[0O[+OP4L/`'P`^+/P&U?Q
M1XYE\.Z)X1U?QC^R=\1]1MM!^-'Q*L?@S\)/VX?VQ-7^'&O_`+.%]8:UXBUK

M2[SM(0#\S/AW_P3S_8$\,_\$Z?V8?B3^T9\OAI^T5I7[
7[.OB?]I_Q'J'
MQ

M\/SW5GJ7A.#1$LM.CM?G1_V4+#]C#_@D)^R/\=K#P5H7P:_:$_8I\7^`?VO[

$/&WBWX7ZQ

U




=/^






7DR-X

M_::^)W[

MOO#Y];\(_M
_\%/O%-U\'_V=?%WA[]D'X`_M8^.[W]KWQ3?^+?'O@KQ;\3/A


W.H_#J;0H]9



/]F)(?
MAFFB7WQY\*W7PH_9KU_]DGPWK/AO]HWXSV7B/4?@7X@(E;PEXR\27/C&]UWQ


MH\5N\4JWG_``2*

MUO\`\%1-3^&YDN[?]B?4/VJ=0^%%CJTMK;7GB+1OAE=^







MNM6'@&?X=^$/%-[_`%'?LS?LX^/V4/@_P#_@3\


)C


M&^+M


MZO\`&BP_X;@OO%W@[X[:I^SC\%?B[^T#\9/AS^QGX:\

OP
\6:3\(].



]@XEU+6]3U'5+MI+N^N9)?S4_P
M@W_!

M@SXF_!W_`(26V\$2^([Z'P-\+/B%:_`;X?7_`
._AWXK2/2[*U2T\.Z7XFO+




%$
&ROA768-4\-+_9)Y.3_@DW\`[U9X]<^+?[5WB6[_:


-U]K`/B7Q/_P`%8_VL/#7CSQO^QCIWP1^%OQ'_`&_?#'[:

A^+/A
MW\0;*;Q5\,]6^*6B:YI'B34-/F?X@Z1I0TJ#Q7[SX[_X)-?LK?$S4/BWJ_CC
M6/V@]8UKXO\`QT\!_M.7WBT_:%^)_AGQ/\`#_\`:#^&7@\?#?P1\7?@[XK\



MSX

/'/[0?@7_@H!X?M?@^?BIXFU7X









:
M(HJ!0!I4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?(VG?M6[_`&Y?$/[$][\+O$NE



ML:%\8W^'LWCK5/AW%;?&#6KZU^&=VFOZM?:=8W4^U^T;X.^%/P_UK_@KM=?M


M&[7\YO\`P2Z^'7@#X-?\%





M^SCXM^


M_#/[


MI'PCJW_!0#]@+PYHG_!.KX[_`!9C_9NTWX0_$?X





MC-X#^)'Q?\1^

$[_P!D?XK_`+44?PXMOC1J/PLT?3O$=S\*8/B/H?PXUW6O#MUX

M\/6?BWP7_P`%N]!^-GP2U[XC_M'?&#0?V9+O_@GQXBT?]G3QO\4I]5_9L\
^
M&OA_-Y'PH^('A[P#XFM?!FH:%\0[[XPW7Q'MKG7?#=ZFK:U%+=K-8ZAI6?Z'
M/^MES%?_L07&OWW@+Q9\5?@_8?&[]DOQ=^T-\.__A3Q!XIUSQ?^RSI?[1_
MPJUKX^:???#W2-

M+]F_P1=?#MOVC_\`A7OPF\3_``FU#X






M(/B'I/A+3OA=:?$3QK_P@NH^

MO$'A2S@OM6L_I^YU[0[+2[W6[S6M)M-%TPWPU+5[G4;.#2]/.EW
UEJ8O=0E



M./&W[
GAS_@LQXKNO#+^(?A#\;OB]^Q]\`OA_P,_P!EQ_%GA7Q[XO\`@%\+
M4C\?'KX73?$=]9^''@[3O$7BO2OAV/BCKB^*9-8L1I?B&*V`/Z;_B9^TGK?
M@']I#]DOX)Z9\





M%U*__L./6=8^SPZI??9$.IZ;





$/[3?CWX!W&H_#/QM\*=4TSP[9





?&D/BN]T#Q)IVB:=X3


M74]-?4I=&34+%M8M[&WU.?2EN[=M2ATV[N+JUM-0EL1(;J.QNKJRO;:WNWB6
MWFN+2ZACD:2WE5/Q_P#^J'@']FO_A;W_!+[XS?M_!;P7\1?#O@_P#;N;PC
MXH\3:]\$T^


MO%OQM^/=C\`/B+I'CKQ'\/#^VE\0M0^-_P`9?'7[1\WPXT32?BA^RS\0OV3+

:W?RZ



M9K
EM]KL$N(OR_LO`OP+B\1?!O\`:I\'Z7H\7[2C_P#!P]KSZ%\4;+PCX^T?

MP:[J?Q$\.^*_%





VB:U\?Q^R_




M`+0O[/WAT^#KWX
?\%AO`NG?!KXO_`_Q9\.-@N]9_X*H?[]H/]E;PUK_P[


MXJ\;'X8:WXKT'PQ\)_#FA:5X8\=RZ'^;G[#7A?X8?LI_#G_@F%\9/AM\%/'5



]]^R=

8?#?C'0_$6JWFJ`']AGQQ\=^*_A?\`'XB_$;P3X%@^)GB




-?\`
([J.+Q;J6E:GI=Q0!_05\3O&7C?P9;^!Y?`_PHUS


MNB_&CQ%^WC^RWX.\9?$:?PQJ\7Q9NK;PI\6?'
-WX8\26
-FOBW\(^!?6G




/#'Q)N?B3XU_:6_:9L_V2?`/COXZ_L[:Y)I&B^*?V8M;^*'[6OQB\176H
'?^67[5OBS
MX2?%/Q=^S/\`&+]I/5[_`

!='^,$_CV#X<G7-12U_L6'5?$8^&?C*
M[7P]#J4WB#2],L-.U?6]+TW2_$OAB\UGY;_:_;L?X<_&;_AEG]GSX!?$?\`



MKX4ZUX'^*T%_\-OBO\6M.^(OP[O]/^



M;ZU9^-[&[LO'+?#;XBKXIC\0#X:ZE_PCX!_8W17^=U\-/C-\`[C]GG_@DM=_







MK_\`!2+X7_M5?!_P#XKL/@Q'\3_BC\




W]#G







M;1O#NO:N847$.F:-J=_.\5I97$L?\A%BG[.WPP\*_LG?`WP7^V[\0OCOX
_:

5CXS\9_!+1
M]5\1^$[7QCHNB^


M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H

VC_%+1='^&-OXV\;6&NS:7X'F

/[5'Q#\
_L7_M
^#/CC^S=XU^`WPR\:?#3XSC]G33I/`$O[5(T/2O@G




U'X;_;X*^*_?C;QC:?%+X7^`]4U71;S2?$&G:7#XDT_P#:.OK;
MQ%J%C9:WX;2TMY]0\,7S5[8W_!67X)6WAC]J.\U_P$/[1'P_\`B/\`LHZ?









M/$/AVSEOHDKQ?QO_`
%?/@A\-/B7X]^'7Q`^`?[7GA*R^&7QX^$_[.WC?XFZ
MM\)/#A^&.B^/?CIJ/ANP^$5U_;5E\1;O6]0\

M6EOX@L]'U:.[TRV`/U@KYI^-?[





M7


^)6DNFJ^']

MXROU2^N+
`_3VBOC;]BG]M#P[^W%\







MI_B9X2L5O+'RO%MSX4\?^-_[3WB'_@HWXM_X)D-^S%:?MOP_LB?M0_!K]I'X
MZ?$/Q7^S+\5O`_[-_P`3KSM+#P+\!OUYXC\4Q_M!_##XB:5+^SA\0OC-%X



_9[U#X
M177QNU;]G#]L+P#X!N_'5E\)O`FM_%7P=\#?A;H/Q2^

M=^/?V@_#_P`
M


M+XA^`+^?PWXFATOQ;\

O+35Y
M;R&^L+/\IOV-?A!^U1\9_P!@;Q'^T#X6_PB'[7OA_]H[1?BM^WEI/AG7O&

'[
_QB^-%IK^A_











.F?N+0`45^1?_!3#P?\`
M';PE\./VCOVK[3_@H/\`%;]E'X6?`?\`9MG\1_#;P5\)O`/PRU;1+;XH^%+[



TO7_A_9VD




MZ%KOPY\):9X&^%FC:3K_`


YA9_*OV5?V^/!'[47Q+^*7P1N_@W\=?V=?C=
M\(_!7PM^)GBCX2_'[3_A/'XJE^&_QEL]9NO`/C/3M0^GQ=^-?@Q;349O#^L




-M2UCQAXAO_%7BOQ1X[^+OQ'\6?%[XH^-
M/$FNZBYEO-<\;_$SQUXM\7ZI':0V&CV-[K<VGZ!I.CZ':Z=I5G^2_PS?J'Q




`_I#HK\/\`@FY_P5=\9?$;]FC_
M`()R:)^TYX0^)'Q5_:+_`&W?AI^U-KWPL^*_PU\)_+0/A[\;-3_`&8/$?Q.
MU&RT75--'Q)\

MXBZA^T%\-?@S\8?`OQ)\)?LX^--0^#-E\
/CEH.LZ_X2\;^+OB/*;;2O#'A[
M38O#VM:5XHU&_B\C2?$6D:UX?A:^U30-?MM+`/U6HK\DOA)\=OVE_P!D#]GO




M5I^O^'-1U?77N_&NE^)?!FK^%Y-7`/UTHK\-_P#@F[_P4@\:^
?V0O\`@GZ?
MVG=

&J_:Y&]GLO\`@LS^R%J&A_`/

MWB;P@_BKPM=:5=/X@TVQ\47UKX=T][+6O$FH:/HFH6.HW`!^L-%?F)X2_P
MM_[)/C7]I'PW^S5H4GQ
FU?QK\9_BG^SKX)^*
O@J-?A!XN^-_P7M?$\_P`1

M=S1);WMQI&J0VTDLEA=K$`7J***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`


Z??^



M7IGQ;^!?B;PE^U7_`
$W/@?_`


M]\9/`OPI_;N_:)^





M+=

\4_

M`(U^



]GH7B2RT3QCKFK^#]4^%


M($]5H`_)']B7]@G]JG]D:;X2?!:Z_;$\



M_P`!?VC/@%\#]'LOV8OBEX13Q5H?Q4^#/PY^%7@7Q+\6]73]I#Q`NOZ]I5Y\
M
O#&N^
K?P7H7P]TJ^LK;5M'T&VL+K7H-;\._OS10!\N?L1_!'QM^S-^R!^S

^HW7BNV
M\(VGPQ^`]K\=I=N;SP0TFL^/_#_`,,/M@-/\(+XAU1=&_9CXE?&_X-?!NZ



M?1=-^'R?%K6H+77?$ZM?:S!HWAR*33[!+355UKU/]I[]DW]HO4_VLOAA^V]
M^Q[\0_@]X8^,/ACX!^.?V8OB3X_:!\/_$#7OAA\2_A9XJ^(G@GXE^&-2MKS


]7U'6M-OM8T71

M9/V3_'
WQM^&/C7PG\(/A+^VWI'QP5_A[XLT;Q_\5/C1^WO^T%X2_:9^
/C/



MWC?1OAQ\*OA]IL6K^

MPI\9_$_]F37/AS^T;\./V=OA/XD^!




M.?C[\
O@3X$^

M;CQ$FJ.\%?\`!-;]J7P]^Q!\/O@1_P`-/?[PW^TK\_VNOB9^UI\'/C-X=^
M$'BO7/A==7_Q0^)OQ;^(WBSX8_$OX5^(_B;'K^M^!?$VB_'[XN_!_4H=(\?V
M%UIW@+4_#NHVYU'6='O;?5OVTHH`^1?@K\./VM/AW\%OBC#\3OC=\*?C-^T3





_Q2^-'Q2T3X76WC
M?QKH7PV\.Z_H.I_%C6M!^'/C[Q;H/CBST^PTS3=0UWX=:MJ+2-'^^5%`'X_Z
MO_P31^(/P-\8?3Q+_P3M^,/PT_9X\/^#/V5?`_[&_C/X;?%SX0:S\8OFO_

M(+W1=3A36+K*\'_\$W_VG?@1\7?BY+^S!^V=HWP^_9W_`&G?'_PW^+_[1/AW

\-^%?$'[2OA?X9Z0_P`0
M-:\;_#;X@2^$/%FJZ_XJ\&6(^T:-I&@?LK10!^+WP!_X)V_M=?LLZK!\-_@[


_\$\/VL?A)



:'_`



/P3^._PPT77


M^'@NW\0:OH5KXB\)#QY\3](T+P!XZT^X\,:]INOZ3+KVJVTNE&3]P8I8IX
MHYH9(YH9HTEBEB=9(I8I%#QR1R(2CQNA#(ZDJRD

_9\_X5)?_



?`'




MV?\`9NI-:7*V5S

MU\5+H?A71$?7K'4E%Q;_`#I^P1_P3/\`C5^R5^UG\2?VD/%?Q`_9(A\*_%+]


M!.A_$KPMXL^


M/$6@:#+XCOO#^K^%?VWHH`_G_P!!_P7?[7'@;PI^R3KWPO^+'P)\%_$#]D





M_$OB33-9FL!'-$_VR.R:WV2QMYFUU)`/
_V



/[;_
*_V??^GGA+]




NI:#K=A?:-K5C'=M=:7JME=Z=










/&G[-7Q%\
_L5ZO^V8WQ/US2M:^*_@WQ9XJL/VHI]1;1=5\'Z1JG@[Q






MU\$=6_8^^'7[.OBGP
OQL^&NL^


/OA^)]$\&:7I2SV?@7PE833266AV4$=#]H_P#X)E?L



M-=A\0^'-FT_X*`_MB:GX0D_;1T+4O!NL?`31O^HLO[GBS]E(_#B&#QLOP@






M)%X7\2_$(?#G7[GP+XD^%Q^(]Q\`8/A?X$\(?&&Q^)OQ=\:+8_#C7%^/'@?X







M5?#UJN@7/B70+:VU^V\/SWWAS2]2T_P_J%]I=QRO@+_@DM^PU\'_`!EX+^)/





^T1^+M
M


M8\#:+XT\
PR^`/$UIJGP^E;PJ`#:^'/[+/Q/_:


M?Q=^)OPZT7QE^U+^UMX+^#G@.#X+?!OQO^R)^TY\`/AOX2^-WB7X;Z)\*/VA
M?A]X8O?B=\

EC^T


!\7DN-)@_:
_8
M[OY-&\







&E^(/!VI?%7XW:Y\);*V^/WAWQ3X1^
LW@KX):Y\2=


M_BB6ZUG1OTI_8`^
/QJ^(T?[7WPV^/7C;P]\3?&_[+'[7_B+]GVV^)'ASP%;


\


M#/A?P_9:1;Z-X9T&QTX`_$KQM^WQ^V#X6^&7CW]N7P_X^T;Q7\'OA?\`\%2?
(?JS]@[X5^)-8_:5_X*9:E\6OBA<_
M&_3_``%_P4`\)-X?T?QS\
OA9:6VD_$32_\`@GK_`
$_-3T#XG:!/HWAN*_\

M\1-1\$WNOZ?]FMI]*N=/O#=W5W[!\!OV//@7^S3XR^
?C[X267Q1L/$WQ_\`




M[\#/BC^T1XJ^

M:6VU#P_%X&D\/^(?A:P_X*I?M^_M%/X\9??Q9X$_9ZT?Q]_P`$'?B3_P`%

M@?X6L?@Q\5OBY\WU/X$ZI9W]MK?P/\`'&I?'QSX
UCQ[\*/$5SJ$NK^)_!


O]B_XBZ'\+]!\??#/Q?XS3X.?#SQ-\)O`&O^)OC[


-=9\-?$/2-8^*OP<@\0WUYJ=
MI\)OBG?^,_AW92W4\=GX:@MY7A/F?[9__!)GX,_M&6G[4/CGX:6R?#?]I']K
M'1OAYX<^(7Q<U7X@_M`_V-IB?#_1]!\(^'_'WAOP!\./C#\/?#]A\4O7A'P

2ZWH6K`'J7_!4S]J/XA_LF?LJQ^.OA))
MI^G_`!+^('QT_9R^`/@[Q+J^BIXDTCP5J'QV^-/@SX;WWC74?#TQBM==3PUH


MSX@_LJ^._P!A;QWX%^./CG]GV&3PWXH^!_[8_P`7]*^$NJ_##XW:=X6^)O@#
MPSX;^+'PD*:]\1I?$'@:VLH_B7\.K6W32O'@?7M4MI]-_?KX[_`;X0_M-_

MSPMXR^('@GXH_%+7=3_:L_:@N_B3\:_&_P`.=$TG0/`^I_&GXHS?%U_'OQ/T

M/?[_@I]^QMXP_:%U3QRMA_P2U\1_ME_[]H/X?_``E\$?#KQKX(TJ?QCKGP

M^_I@^*7PH^'?QM^&'CGX

MFTO5M








O$?P_\`B9\-/`/B

MH4_5OX
_LX??X!:W\;/$/PQTC7-(U+]H3XLWWQM^*`U3QGXP\3V&J?$/4/

M/^&[G2O$?T5^W_\`'#X_7WQ&_PJ_[
GBSQ)I5_\`?!7_!/3X#_`![^&&BW




MVJOVNE_:(_;.^&_[-/Q@^'?P;T7]AO\`8(\$?M57VB_$CX$WWQ`O/C9\3/%V

M1W(!^5'@QOOVY_^C__``3V_:C\8ZF]S\'_`-H?_@C7XV^-4_[/WBOX6^#?



M\





&N^

















M^!OAW\9?CQXJ^


^(OC/QOHGA'
MP[X#\6ZA?_'/XR66F_''PCX2N+RY\-Z!^T;X9T?QOIOACX\Z;I;:EJEJUI\3




.?@1\3O%GA;1/CO\8O#_`
)/&WQ#

/A#H_C2T^'NNZOXU[PIX/U6R%QH`L-4O?/ARYUZRU6;


\4%SXQTF2Y


O$NF^//#WZT?%']ESP+\6O
MCI^SS^T%XB\4?$[3?&/[





MZ'\'?AOX;^)&JZ?XOUN^U[]G_P`


4D5OJ%




M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?$GQI_;Q
M^!WPM^
M_P#LKZ/XU^'GB']K*^_9Y^+WQ[\#?![Q'\1-+\%V&K+\
U\&VVA^

--\
:S;^#FT[


MB\+^#O`?P@\(_#KX96&OZO\`#'1M4U+2-?\`B/I^@WGAE=+U70/#GA?Q#K.G


67^JW/[7GQ`\'_




DTGQ%J5AXB\)ZOX


_@_PIK_P]

^
?$GPGL_C7#XVL?GC#X;_`+.'BCP?K=C87'BOP]#I_B:T
MU]O.O?VFD^AZ_J%I:W]Q:?D_P#$G]A?XSZ;X)\(?M$_M'?`[]HN]^&_QX_X

M;K_QSX.LK+^P]-\3_;+OQ-HMM:_\(WK5Y'I^C^(?M$UZD7]AZM?RQ6.FZMO^
MP7UY)';6MQ+




M&?$3W6KZMJGC?PC;#7/^$+\.Z4NIG5]82XB:3^8O0?V:/BIX/U7]C)OC#^RS

+OQ-X+_`&P/



MQX7\'_'']CG]K/7_`(O_`+.NK?\`!4K2/@A\*_C'_P`$[?B!^U%^S=\9_A!^



M-4O/#EAIVN:G;:EXDTO3-0^.OVX?@I?_`!$^(/\`P4WE_9K_`&._B9XCU?XQ


?Q@G@O4=*T8`_?ZW^.?P3N]*U#7;3XQ?R
MYT/2;ZUTS5=9M_B#X2FTK3-2OM9/ARRT_4-1CU=K2ROKSQ#H-K:7
T4]QK(






M_A?QU)H7Q'\`ZS87$%KX`^%GCW5O&7ANZT3Q/JG]K^`/#[?%SP]X%\0^+FCM
M-






MLX_C-\%M;\

MKX9_%+P+-\.M=TKX7?%?]LWXY_&_X1RZ?X8N+FYELM&'PO\`B;X1L$A8H+#5
MK#5]'02IIBW5Q^2O[
'PUNOA_P#$?_@F)X5U3_@GE^T'X*_:8_9Y_;?_`&A]








-/U.%[C3;_`
+^
M&YM836?$%GJ%O')/8W6DV5W!=PH\L#R(K


W@;]A/]LSQ%X6


OQ3_`&??@'K_`

?`#Q_X;UN'QAXE\+^



M\
R_#*ST#19[FTU?6I_'
6IOX933--N[.[M+V].I_9[:[MI[661;B)XQ^:^C



M

MXO



OP/?7-






M.Z]JE]KOBO30#^H#6_\`@HA\#?&D7[4?@7]F3XH?`;XK?';]G;X1Z!\28-`\



M&L:]JEG9?;-+\$7^MZAH\OC.SBU6[-AIFH:39O\`VHAMIHH$:Y2(?SQ_$7]E


MOPH\6#X@_LJ_M%I\2M)O-4_9HBF^)'B:7Q?)\35U/P_X;M=6\0WUOJ7BJ#6O


IC!+@K7\U7P-^

MXQ^(?A'PSXIUW36FO+==0T?P]K6KV.K:G8FXT^_@%W96D]N9K&\B$F^VF5-D

M&*I913LWA:RN_$(!TFVFNT_BO_:5^#EU^UQ\7_V^OA+J/[.W[1LOA_X]_LE?



MM'?!K]I:+X+_```M?VCO_[/'[0^G?%CXG?`;X)^!?OA3P7H_B+Q5HWA[P[









MGX
?`KP'X+N?C7\-]?\`C1^T-I_B3X2W/BG]G[XFVGC;1$\!W_P7T[7-)\/_

M?M)_\$__[



8U7XG?#W3#

MRV%_'&+G4HR[V5]!/97:+EK:[AEMI@DT;HO\=GQ'_9F\(:[^R=^VAXR\)?\`
M!-O_`(*067C+Q%^R/\$_@%XA\#_&WX1Z'XOGM]8\?M#?#OQ[\/_`(?LV_!




MW1-0\


MCHT]LVE:5?V_B`79L(+IX_:[#QMX

M=UH[



MW@*:[\(@']7-C\6?A7J?B;4?!6F_$OX?ZAXRTC5GT#5O5CXR\.7?B;3-=C






5X`?T2S



K_`

MKXI?#G4_#NCWW]EZMKVG^-_#-[HNEZG]KGL/[.U'5+;4Y+&ROOMUK=67V2YG






M_)1\9_AI^SM\0/@?\5O%G[-'_``1S
M_;7\#3ZY\#?V3O`GQX^'[_!;]IS]FCPAKB?#/]HOX:Z_:^&KW]D[PWX;\%6/



\=Z


M%2ZN?AUX0\0W8!_75^U[^T+XJ_9A^%6D?%/PU\)9?C%:M\5OA+X`\5Z!9^.=


M*7@G]D'XH_M-ZEI?[.GP]T7]ESQ1I_A+X)_M+_#[X:ZUX8_9\\
^$/'/@OXP

-E_6_0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M445^*G[1?Q1^*WP)_PL?P[U'X4^#OVD/VBK;XB?\$XOVEO%?B3]F'X??'
M2U\%W_BSX9?M#?L?:'X4^).F?#?XY?&#P1^SYX,U[2__BOQCX8A\0^#+;3O





U[Q





)_AWJWPEL_%OB/3?B1\,]+\0Z;X<^
M*_@/_A-H?BA8_#Q9KGASXA^
OA-X1N+G2_OB[QO\.++QM!H7BZU&+5K'3





MS)IWP^\36'BZRU/5+V_^)7@7Q=XSU2_U;2I-!L=7276;(:#8Q6
FK:I::)%X


;3]JKQ/XKU&T\
WNE:!-J.L^/8?A?H?@+PKX*?Q-+8:)




?@U^RIXV_:#TSX--\(_\`

M_AEX)\73VD7Q*U#P?X1


MGXJUCQ]X7L?B5=^+O#GPNU;XGVWQ+OO@!=6D'BNP_9R\8P:!K7ASP%\9!K]S
M'XIUBVM+BS\


\'Z%I/A?PCX1T+2/#'A;P




_[*?QK_



MI
G_!8_0_@/\8&_9\UO]F'










M:;X7^*=$^(I\0^+=8\2^*[WQ]J.H:MXA\

]`73P^GKXIU.Q\&'

M!
:/]I?X8_'3X:?M!^//AG\:=

MZG8:]\*/B)X*?QCH'CA/'7@O7M9^%]Y
M$/\`@H3^T5^T3^SI\?A1\0/@=\*M'\9^+?%7[47[%OPJ\;Z3J7C;0-'/ASP
MS\;_`-J7X+_CQ+HVF2:YI
VEZ_?^


MBIH?[-\W[37@SP[X6?4/#\WQH^


M%?#_`%77_`OA[QYJ6G:1_;'BW5I-/L;B.R^%_@GQ7K
7@KQKXMO=1M+C0-1L






_#O@CQ%XL^)7PK\?3:'\2?#'A^!(;#PSXL\0






1+76G@\'?%GPP?




M_#?Q`TBZ\*^

$UM2_X)L?%27PY

M0KBPUGPI-:Z)_P`(][/JW[`7[9.O?#S]ISPAK7[






M[$/[''[4'[

Z!\(_LOAE=4\%S
MZ+XP^+VM:/XW\7S_`!D^+?AWP_X'T[P=I?CV[L_D::)J7B2\DT!O$?BOQ3K
MFM\U^T[_`,$T[7]J3Q+^V3!XO^,*Z/\`7]K[]G;X






M_P`9_P#A













M^&9;?PEXKGA\6VEMXEUN77=+




H=5N--UCQI%X!\/\`B&7P)\/M.@T:]E\3_$KQ

M-F\0_$#Q(L




?V2/%?PP_:]^-7[4&G?&Z?4






M/T/6O`7Q#\9:%JWBW
MX#_$9O/CSQ#X,N/'7@&4WD6F?V+K6G6-AXP\.:%XDL/M;_`.2?QM_B_X

?'

M``1K\7_##X=_6U\&?MH^*?'Q^^!'[2G[1_[0WPP^/WA'X



ML-_M(?L
6
?AKX



M^'WP;_;2NOA)\
?!^A6'[0

M];\?_3QUXC\27'PYE^(NJW3?!?XJ^OC1X2TO1[4^//!%EI*W7CGX?^&UUZ
M\O!K;7OAS^U-)L;?3+Z]@UJQ^4?B;_P3D_:D^
&D_ML:7XW_`&S_`(3)'^WG
M\`?#7[.OQ;B\

^
M$O#-MXNU:*PAFL_`_CGP9?QUBP^E?VSOV+]?_::\1_L_P#Q9^$_Q^\4_LO?



M=K(T4B&2WNH(;B%B8YXHY59%`/S)^
__``3-TW]H_P#8MTW]E+X[?M#_`!8\


GT9I[6Z^OOBY^TC\*?@=XW^`/P
M^^(NH^(]+\0_M
_$R]^$'PFET[P/XS\0^']2\?V7@GQ/\01H7B#Q5H.AZCX;


]C?:AH?C']G_XW_!+
MXZZG\3/&FFZI\7+CP]X\T3XB^(_@S;Z)?_#*VL?.A:+X1UM-$6_U:[TW4-:
M\2?J1^TO^TQ\(_V1OA/JGQL^.&K:_H7P[T;6?#/A_4=8\/\`@GQCXYELM4\8
MZ]8^&/#B:A8^#-#URZT?3M1\0:GIVDMX@UJ/3?#EA?:A8P:EJ]F]Y:B;WV@#
M^?R;_@BS\;[^^_:7\?:]_P`%!9_$?QR_:$^/?[W[2MI\1-3_92\!:?X8\#_

MX

VK*OCWP!\*_C'J_@_1;OXB?#NV@UC39XM3




_$?[2/Q%_92M_\`
MA*M.^


M[5G@;XL_![]G3]D7Q7^R'8^%+O\`9N_X0/XE^(?!U[XV\
^._!FKZO\`$C3O




#=)UWQ3X@O(;.VFEBTS0M'U'4;C85





MXB\5^-M2\5?#+QOXQ^+VGW-_\2O&&E^#-+USQ#\



6FM:SX:T]UN
MUUCQ/H%EJ.'XY_;^`?PW^&?P9^+7C#Q%XRTWPI^T)K7A3PU\&M-M/@U\:M=
M^)'CKQ-XU\#^(?B3X=\
:=\&O#_P]U3XP67B:X\#^$_$WB*_\.ZQX%T[6=M
M-U2+7K'3+NSFMU`/A3]DC_@F;\2_@KX_P#V+?$/QT^.GP\^
WAW_@G-^S3\


]L_:5_8Q^/GQ&_:%M?VC/V8OVQ;



]7US3


M:V^*GCR3XN^


M2'^


M\'VT'@UOUT_9Z^&_Q)^%GPOTKPQ\8/C9K/[0GQ-FU+7?$'C/XH:KX7TOP+8:

\*2:_P*-2TG0K&TBUGQ5XEU
MAK_6[[VZOA+QM_P4K_8S^'VM_%31O$'Q/\375O\``WQUIWPP^,OC+PA\#_C[
M\0_A5\+?B-JEKX6NH?`_CSXR?#_X7^)_A-X7\4VJ^-OEMK.AZOXTM-0\/ZG

MIOAI\5M





M&I?B!XQ\.^)_A3X@^`GPT^


\





M_M3?$G3_`-H;_@A?X1U7]J;XC:Y_PLWXZ?\`!6?X#?'/0O&WQ9O;ZY^*/AWX
M
0_'_3?@79_%OPOJ=]!::GX[\


]S=:A%?7D=W+
M
ES


M
^


M?&F\\6^$M5\/V_BWXF^'HK&?X.2?%JQ:_P!;\86FE^*]%\5:OX@G\9^+K34O




]9\#/\;[OP+XQB\7?L]^+UN;/PKX
^(WB




CL
MI`/YE/&/Q*\2^%OA'^U+X\*_&[P3\#?_QH_P\?[4'PQ^
'Q:\=?$K7OA

M#7B:.?Q);'3/%%GIFIQRZG/\(;?XQ?$V^_X)T_!_Q]_P5^^(?Q7\4_$WX_\`













MRK:%$`/YCOVK+C]H3PM^TG^T5\%+#_@K9:_LAV_[)'PH_9@\:?!'QM^U%\5?

M`.=\7B37?GQG^('P;TBU\*:]^UO\)]
\3:EXLU3P7XN\*6$UOX;T\_\)3X


^`_$GPZT?X7_`3Q

+KPSI


%/%WP^^+^HMIB?%VSL)=0^#%GXS^*?A_X7^!M3^*&CZ_X!

T#6G\/:
M0VK:'IMJMPMKI^CZB;



M_P!J+P9\9O#7PL\7?MP7'[*O[7_PC^_P%NM4^)OA&VTS^U]7\%_;Q!\0]6
MN;;PI=6

MX)FZ/^TO^VG^TQ\//`7Q'^$O_!73P)K_`








=.U[X$^
=!-W
M\7?$\3Z'X;\Z+:^'-?USP];ZS_59X(^*?PQ^)DWBRW^''Q&\!_$?P%XLUO



?%_B_4?&?CGX%W
M1^$FB^`_A'X=^!NF^
/#/@OQ1H'[4=GXBOM5\/\`CVW^'7B7QC:ZQXMO[-/&





VMZ/J6K6TL'_``5C:_AL;N32Y?LM


MP#X#UO3+_P`3Z+H6@:'\2IM3\1ZQ)XLL]-:RNX[73'M=
T_P+]K?XN?%'X??
M\%$;C31^U3X\T3]F30OC9^P-\`_#V@_LS_%#P;X&E_8@^*7C'Q+\++D_#[]I


M[:'%XH\/W/B;]E7]LC0+&TT*[\2:%XET/3=1\37NI6_A.WU?4=$OX-&;7/[5


MI?#9TV275@-1=FO!YU`'\]_@/XE_&^__`&U]7UOQG_P4JT+X3Z9\!O\`@H%H





M/U?X



/K.:
MY\*QV%KH?@R34;6\%M<SW'X6_\`!5+Q1XF\%_#+_@HY^S5\-OVG_CI^T1^R

M.:IXMEUCX9^

;JUMKZVN+*]MX+NSNX)


^K_\%%/`'[$6

:^*?Z.O^&.?V1/*U.'_AE?\`

MYDUA:O%W%]\!_@=J9\!-J7P9^%&H-\*]/L=)^%[7WP[\(79^&^E:9:16&FZ9

M1/&7[;'[1_C7PI^RU^V_\3/V?_`7[-][XD^%
WP8C^'OB#]G7X?$FSD\6:3
MI7PRLO'^JZUX3\=?$[Q9IW@O5+GQU!%I=CX5BTF^M-8U'6[VX\$_:4^&WA;


-`U_XEZ-



?$/QY^*5Y=:U_P;
HZ/I:E7L_#6DS^(+/28&%UK6

_90^(7[3/QA_9C^$6A?L)G]H3X?



M/!
G[0VL_LE?MI:#\0_B!\4_V$?VA=/_`.$=N=)\/_$GP5H'A_1_'?P]\5^&

M_P`3^
O#7Q%\2_`SX.^(?B#X


_@S^S1^TM8_P#!27]F?]GS]LG]LGX0Z]XR


US]FM
M_.+^3'MIK^SG^SVC^`Y$^!'P:5_A8LJ?#%U^&'@A7^'*3FV



M-?$DM[\!/V][WXA_$O\`9@M?@[XR\&?$36?V2?VMOV6/#'P[\+ZIXU^+WP6U
M_P`1^+_'&E^%_CEXS^''Q6^(WA6Z\+:AXO@^%%G9PB#68?BCXD\=_OMIG[+'
M[


M


M7@/]F#X@:IH]A^RDO[
FN:_\0-1_:+T?QCX[TSP3\2M+^.^C:CI'C75CX5\*

MUS^P%?SR7\M[I]G')XEAT'5;FQ

M=.LOB5+\9K*PT;X:^#-+LK3XP3V\MI-\5K6UL=%@@M_B5-:S36TOCJ*-/%$E


_
M:-3]H3]GOX;:Y%X

M5\


MLX^+/B[X@T*?POKWQ4\3?!#X9:]\1];\-75@=*NO#NK^.-4\




/!.D?\*ZU/XA_$+6M!\0ZM=:


-AH]G\%OAPDWAS6O


MOI_@O2;/4?!6HVNI^$5\
:U_:J^(EEAU_38M'BM+W[3_`&H/V_OV
OV+)M'M

M.TB\U(O+;I':.]S;K+^?'[+_PSI^UMX(TS_@D-X+\8?L_:9X1T/]EO1_V@



4ZVNFZ5':0:/K

MW$5]81`'J]G_`

[S1/!'A'PYXY\7:WXN

M'[3GP_\`$GPLM/VDM'T]/B=\)?BS^S_XG^!?@GXWZ9XXOO`!TGPS#'=ZP/$_



MX[;XY?G5K?P]\(?O@
?#34?$WBQ;19I/$$]]X:\1^+;G3/!WA2X;Q'%JFG

M=;3P[XL\2_%;S9/!7PH\;S6WRE_P3T_X*0^#_BSJWC+]F_\`:+_:-^#?B']L
M#P]^UM^VU\`O#O@OPOI]IX(U;Q=X;_97^

GACQ-KW@+P



M_P`

8?


MNKZ_M9X-&O=%71-/M-.U*2.XO7F^8/\`@G__`


M_9A^


M'B3Q+X\O/A?XS^%'BK3M

M_P`$^-.\.ZMXI\1_M/\`@;P/I6@^
M



M^U5XFTGX[_$ZP\
^%AK$W[1_Q













MA/9ZA.`?C+9_\%$_V\OA?^S1^U%^U/XT_:=_93^./B']D;]L']H'X`ZM^R5I




MQVGTOXVZ//;_`+-'P9T']H?XWW

6U

M'.E_&6S_`&0M(_9@_PH?P(T#Q/X\:^(O$'['_`,-OAE\*?BGJ'@[XC:#I
MBWWB:'P[/\;+#P;\(]!\;SMI.CP_#_\`:;^(-GHEVMW\2-(GF]1^)'[#7Q[L
M/VN/VA-0T/\`8F_9!_:9\`_M'_M*_;]HKP=^U#^T)XGTS4-5_9LN-*\'?`K

MQ``?J%\`OV_OV
?VIOB+XQ^$O[._[1GPU^+WQ(^'NBR^(?''A#P7J\NIZOX5



OVG_P!KC6/B


?@KKGC

M!_VSA\3_`(1^$M;_`&0M/UKPS\.ET#Q1IM[=)X5^.'A'Q)\+?'EEXV\3RMX%


M)[+Q-H7@C6?$]AXKU70]4T;4K'1Y[36M)EO?QF^.7[*?[;7B+X2_\%$/`_@K

?%]Q#J'B@V%CK.








(?C5\(?A7^T/;?'CX3+\(O%/Q&_;M_;/\`CYX4T&;QAX)\;ZE=





MUXDCUF\T.[;P];:_\J0?\$]/CO\`[]J7]HQT#]B']CG]I7X5_'W]L7PG^U




MZSXWEMM#GU&QGMO%4.A7&HQI:7%YI5M






M[;5O$EK^C/\`P4$^`?QL_:K_`&5?A-J?PS\

\7?
M$#2M!\*^-?&/[/WQ6\%_%?7/V?\`XE^./#UCXLT*?2]4M-
UK0['7M*%_P'
M8/B!I?A+Q-]NN-!T^5Y@#AOVM?\`@JQ\`OAC^PG^T-^U+\#_`(BZ9XOU_P'
M





M]G2;1/C-_P`%/%G[#WA+P#^SU;?&+X3:D?`7@S]DC3-NM8^)OQ
\?W7BC1
M/`L6H^--03Q5H-EIO@NY\8^(#I6F?^+5+6VFU^3P9^QW[9?PY^(_[4'_!/


M*?%?PQ^T3^T9\&OAA\&+S]D[]F']H'X)0^
O#GC+X2^
/[0\2_$W]L;X3_M'




T

M_:%_9D^%\GP8O=.\6?#VP75=-^*O[.SWGASP)\;M'TGX9ZGIWBN_U^]^)9EB
M\/\`BKQ7:3Z8`?LW_P`%3OCE^TK^S7^S%9_&7]F;Q;\(?#GB;1_CE^S#XU[
M3_B[\*?%'Q-TWQ%HOQS_`&G/@U\FMM-E\

'Q'N-6UJ[GMO%%

M/'A[]D_P3\1/A3\(/B#\`_BO\
_C_P#$70?&WB3X36OC?P[XF^.'QU\%?$;P
M3XUD\#7/@:XUWPY=_##5M(\7^(_#TL7AC4K#SXY]G_@KWX*_:0^+7[
6@?!W


?A)^U%_P49^
'





MP[^SKX*N/@KX1^&GQ3\3_$WP]:^

+A\?ZUK-]J'@_1
M=


M?C3XAZ=^SC\/;GP/X0U'X?\`C#5]5\-_!K5?!GPJ^)?C2RNOC?#\
-;LO'&J

M'7Q+^)/Q*M[34KZ&[NONDW\?ASP\`?K7^SA^WW\(_VG?CK^TE\?`'A[XIV



MQ'\`_#/P'K5N_@G0/[8^+LOA#1[6U\4@'UA_P3L_X*3?/\`:.^?P#\._%G








2^+/B]X9FTNWUOX7V!N#(?B!93ZWH\(\(WWV37KN34[%;
M*QN#=0A_P^^%W[%G[0'Q&\;?\$L)/!?[+?\$\?BG^QKK7P&U[]LK]J?P[JG


M2O#^IQ%+:XTW1-:@^UZDX!^Z_@+]OC]C7XH^'-#\7?#K]HSX9^-/#'B3XZV_
M[


&?''Q#_9<^$'[5/P_TO\`
M;,L_VB?#/CO5_P!HKP_\1?/B72O-G^S/\`#'XC_&[P^WP-^+?QKUZ[\%ZM
M\=]6^+UMX^']LOAWQ7;:=JVJS^-['5O!P!^G?Q8_PDWA'QE<?`JX_X)]_



M6?'CX%ZA\)?%'@+Q9XF\8^+[0^
OV1_VM/@C\9_'?A3X?_$']G3XFV'A7P-J
MFOW7BC3=4ATOS=3N=(U+1Y;35(M5^8_CM^S)^V?IND_\%/?V99OV-];_`&BH


I?V



M$?[$OCO]BVU^*7C'P3XN^Q_&WX^:;^T1^T'\:/$\'@+3-!UKXD?$WQAIGQ9^
M

M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`445^4/[1/[0O[=7A+]NCPW\/@U-^R?#\+C]F?Q%^TSX



MVW[67_!56Z^+$_P4M_$__!-^Y\8:Y^P;HG[:?A^XMOAI^T%)=^$98/'4'A/7

_X*<?%;6/#\'_!/O\`9?\`
MA[\53%^R)^QQ\?=9\,^+/'@S66USX@_M4^'_BCX[F\*Z_X\\7?M[?LO?\*-
M^'WAGPA\/M/L=/\`&NG?#;]I/5-7\6:]=V'_``CD::1:0Z]YA^VU\=_VI/VF



MO?\`@4`_IXKG/$GC'PCX-CT6;Q?XJ\-^%(O$?B31?!WAZ7Q)KFF:%'KWB[Q)



M?:S:LWB&TO=:\3-X.TSQ)X



M-_8L^)_P'^$'CO0?V/\`Q3^TH-8^.7PQU_XCZ5X\\77WQ(C^&GP[\%RW/A_Q
MOH%]X&\%66HZ;K%]X]\66'A3QSK=M'JGAY-'T2Y=;JUN?B;]J+_@IS^U5\'O


/'
#+WQ]J\7A/0
MH-#TV]TWZ]_X)]_%C_@I1XY^)&L6_PV7X+\`:7\(O$_P/\`7C?P!XHT[3?



-V


M1_'7P^^)^F:/XT\6^*O#MG\--#TOPIIOB0R^(?%
`!_0WXB^-OP8\(:SXG\.
M^+/BY\








MVE^#;6S\5ZYID%X`?U[ZW\3_`(:^&M6UK0?$?Q#\#:!KGASP:?B+XAT;6_%N



M;];\$_M3?\$:O@#^T_=ZOIGPHLI?BWINK^-/'VGZ?XY^#/C+XDWWB?Q+;^
/








M+XW_`&9?AYK?P-_9

8/CI\/++P9JGC+



MSXE/CS1F\/`']5%?@#XT_;_`/VS=9\&_MO?M:_'Q%^SQ9?L[_L
?MF^
_V

M=?!9++X0ZQX/BT70O#H\7Z7XEN_%
MSX7X#7OVUO^I7AW1OVO\`XTQ_$3]C
M;XB?#/\`X)\_MI^%?V?/BM\)OW[(/QC^&7Q`^/OPQ;P)^S7X_\`BIXD\#^*
M_%'[;WQ2L/!GCWP_H/Q]U.R^%7AP:'KVG^
_$'@[3=3U74'LO%$/@VW`/Z/:
M*_G4_9-_;E_X*L?M2_$SX8_%_P`)?`GPE!^Q=\5_C-^T1X)U3Q?XJ\._`K0_

M?^VE^T-\:O\`@FSXDU;XQ^%_A5X-'QK_`.HGPP_:$\/\'_`!!JL?Q-O/V



(#X<\3:<




MO:7J%YJ/@[5)?(TSQ98VMI=33W?AG49_W-AKUNDFEW<O[NWNI'XK^57QI^UW
M_P`%./VN?^<'[=7B_\`:K_9+^%O@_\`8]^



MZ\;_``@ET#6)XH_B#\.-:;Q)I
-M^L?P]_9+^)_Q
^*G[/G[3W[;K_L^ZK^T


MKP]JOV3^T-
FFN8(KG[#?6VI6FZ6SGMKE/)OK.VN%\N9-S1!7W1ED;RCX(:;


M;X:_&S]M.STKPM%KGASQUX%L?`UQXE\




M+5O%7AS2_%?B[^T?^$4\




MGQU\


M_8E^'WC']JGX1_M86/Q6L?C5X1^-7BK0/!W[0?['_BZ\^'?C'5?`MUX(^
'A
MBZU;X



M'WP;_9*\&:O_`
$_/&?QL_:=^%'A[XO:YIO@#PIJGASP7\%O%_Q)^$/@7XUW
M7BC5OVV6^
/C9O%'Q6^'+MXZ^#-[^P?\)=


MO'\:-%_:_X*C?M0_%;PK_P3J^+OQ(_8O^)?[`-S\`/&'Q[^'GC;PGIGP(U^
M[NOAIKGPS\4:?\2-3^+EGXFL-^'FD_%SX@_$[Q%\-O`^HMXB^+OQ1N[7P1\

O@C\8/`
4GQ$



M^#_Q*U+XEZ;X%OO$-MXE\

M6&G#4;^VTK3S?WEO9B^U.]++9Z;9_:)(_M-_=LCBVLX=]Q.5811N5.+]?@/_
M`


M1HWQ`^UP?8=
^;-_P"EWQN\-?7]E+]G+_`().?!/XE?M4^&?`G_!.3X7?




MK]]^E]`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110


MG87WT77%^
/B3\._A[-X9M_'WC[P7X'N/&OB&R\(^#8/&'BG0_#4WBWQ7J;!
M--\


M%/4;O0-



FK<:/H6O\`VZSOK:\TT98#-]36GQ=

&HO''Q;TW5KFX76(+V]^GOVB/V4OAC^T_JWP#U/XH7

^E








MZZH;#2HM/[SX8_\`!-K]E#X/_'G4?VA_`?ACX@:;XMN?B%\0_B]HO@J^^-?Q







?C?2O

%+/ASX_P!2_9UU+]FZ+P+\




_#UAX/\7Z!J7QD\9:



H4?2

DLB1H[J`?

MQ;N9OC-\.?B%X:^(7B.Z^+5W90:G\29?$^NZP/%VK@ZMJ:2ZB$N4^X;CQMX




M#

!7QM^V_^V_\
?V+OV4OB)^T]JVH^$_%]KX;

ZC%\2WU.?QF/$FMWSWEWK/B;^U_[<O+K4M0N
MEOH;F<2Q_&R_\$??V0(/WPU\'Z;J7[2_A[2/A7\$=0_9G\-W'A#]K/]H7P3
MXANOV=KIM
N-+^?B#Q9X/\`B#H?BC6_AYX4O](L+WPGHMWK&_184N=`CN9?
MFHZEH%YZQ\1OVV-
_9;_9(^
'[6/[9L/PG^'OA+X3V'C77M(/P=^
VG?$O3

M

E


_#/XVZ';?$+X5_#KQGX9\=?&;Q9\&]9M]3^.7QH^%OP)^'6H^&M5\.?!

MXW\!^.O@9:_&+0+SX9_!S7/@%X*\/^)_VA/C7\2_!VA_?Q!XYN/B-=^%+;P
MQ\2?''BS31#:^+)8;W2;XQ_VGI-II^G:1I]Y!I%J+)G_``4_X)D_LE_L^_%R
MS^+_`,,O#_Q*TZZ\/^)/B%XU^'7PQUKXX_&'Q7^S_P#!GQO\5SXGC^(GC/X(
M_`'Q-XTU7X2_7Q1XIL/&_C?1+K5_`WA/1KC3_#OC7Q?X=T4Z9HGB;6[]S?
M!?[8_P`:O?[2/PF_9D_;$_9V\#?!3Q/^T;HWCJ[_9X^(GP*^.WBS]I3X0^.


^&?C/4/#5[XA\%_


;OQ#\-_C'\7_`(

M\%Q_%7X2ZQJULNH7'@+Q]'K^A6UQ=:R--MK&#Q-XGAUG@/%W_!+3]D[Q=\4O
M%OQ
*V^(_C'2[_PWX?\`#FC?[2DTJ\U:?Q6-<U;Q%X:\


'_!/#




MWCG2C?:%X@^'FG7EAXA?0?$-E/?C2`#YYT3_`()4_LA^&?BKJ/Q5\.Z=\9M%


MUXOT?Q)IO@R.;PSXTOF\6^&8M(UZWL[ZWU+'_@EW^R#!\!?A?^SCJ'AWXK:U



MP\O_`(3:I\*]%^
_POU+X



M8^%WB+]E'P;X:\(^/\`P3^T5\?-+^#.N^+#XZNM/NOMAKOP[^(/C;1/%'A





'?AYXP^%7P'LOVA_BOK'QATWX'




(_`O@/7&UCQ3X7_X1S0G^%VO)XT\8R^=)\(:
MGJNM:QKTME;ZQ8(=$UGPSJGB

7Q!F^(/PN\




M;N=6M-#TNVM/T+/Q;^%(T.7Q.?B=\/1X;@\+ZSXWG\0GQIX;&AP^_#OVG_A
M(/%\NK'4OL$?A?0OL=W_`&SK[W`TG2_LMS]MNX/(EV_('C/]N&7P=^V]\`?V
M9KCP1X1N_@G\?_V:?C7\?/#?[34/Q4MAI$6I_!7Q)\,=(U[PH/#7_*'0;C2












+VWL]=U35M4N$DM
M_$=E:ZYI$6F:C$9V]1_:8_9.^&?[4EI\+KKQCJ/C+P7X^^!GQ)L/BY\$OB]\
M
=:LO#GQ+^%GCZST?5_#5WJ?AW4=4TCQ#X?U72/$7A;Q!K?AGQ=X+\9^&O%/







MQ\
1:UKGBG1M7&CIK/CO2O&'BB]U/7[W+OO^1OP#U'P;\:/]Y\:?VQ+C7/


(/VB-4

OV9?!'PE^

?A[J

M?#I=UKGB236/?=




\4

-9\/75UHL_U710!\;?&K]C32/BO\78/C[X-^/'[0/[./


M1TG6M1\$SZYH

\6_\`!

M8^/'@O3OCW^R?X-_8CU3PAX



M66E^+HM.TOQ?XKT*+Q!';Z;XMBT'Q%J6D6^OP61M8K;]':*`/A;Q+^RYXU\%

US6QJVI:C]9
M?#+0?$OA7X;_``^\



M\2?M.76L?$^YU[QSXHT3X



M%W]M/]GS6?%'@3XZ_L6_%7P;\5/@YX9TG]BCPAX.M?VK/@E^V%IFD:%H'@OX


^'?A
M/4)_BM\!?M]?^'D\7?%YT+P%JWAW1_$EMXGU/0=?O(-0TV+POJEU?G]ZZ*
M`/Y3[C]FC4_&?[$W_!9'1O`/@']JGXV?`#QSX]\`?M*?LVZA^T'\/M6OOVB?




(KVWG_HZKY__`&D?V7_@S^UMX!L_AA\==%\6




MGPC\6_$[XO7GP[^+&H?!']GW]FSXA6K^&/A[I/Q7^&$NF^(/`WPGL_AYX9UC



(+W]I3Q7X=^!_A;]EB3P%^U!XC^-_Q*\/_$73/VA_
M!'@:Q^*O[1%_\1M2N/A+X8\
?#CXO^.M:U?X376N:OJLLGAR/P-INC:Y_2C^
MS]^SY\.OV:?A\GPZ^&__``E]]8SZUJGBCQ'XL^(_CWQC\5?B;X]\7:T8%U7Q


.AZ1^SE
MX8^(%A)+HWB#Q;HGA*OZ$?\`@D'_`
)CJOP9_:3M/''P)\-?#KPMK/[5/Q-U
M?P?X[T+X






B_:E^'O_``4F_:G^+MGXP\#?LP?`#P=^QYX[^&'Q=^-?

OVHIM4UK7=&T_P`#
M:+X\/:?IW@U]$S/@K\++3X+_L;?\$CO'NK?\$YOC[8?'[]A3]M_X=?']L/

MNA[#]K#]FK]F;PE\%?\`@K_;?LG_`/!


[[PQJO@5[R&^M;3\D/COX*\/\`A?\`9#_X**2_
M#O\`8O\`VE[_`.$7QX_;B^$'Q



:?\3_V;/#]UX5^*'@#Q


M=ZMX7U']LO\`@L]XU\1:-^R'IO@?P/\`#O\`:$^)'CCQW^T+^R5JECI?P`_9


)



M`/Y/_B=^RWX4^







K?QKX8MO!.C^&/%OB+Q/X


5SX5OOB+;7WA/6

M`?LS_%+_`(+DZ]\4/V.?A!I'[+GQP\.WOPQ_9VU?X-:M\.=;UZ\^&]GX!AU3




M\
_@E^VM\'OGQ0\-?`*]\6K^V#\%?@W^RO!=_%'PU:_$K2M1\'?[]F_P


OA)\8-!_8D_:2\7?



^D7_C6[M]#TZ\TW7KOX



M??!#X
7_`
-?^'FJ_MO?L:_&/6?V:/A+^RE^W)\+_B5\+O%O[)GQN\9S_W

=3\-MX8NM1TBQBT^
M[%Y-HKM_7_10!_$+\3/@)!\(?@_^PQ9?&CX:_&KQ)\?O?[%=E\/O/[-OQB


M_'&F:Y\0?BE^S1H7BRYG^(L=GK+^)-.LX;G4M<LO[#**`/X@-,\`?_QSX3^

M'Q'^SWHWPI^'/PP^)NJW=W?^



M_IS_`

_P#P4



MO=)U#1-;\`?$^#X;^*/#D7Q&^&GB72]2N;/Q'X#\7)JOA[5H=J7%GM
HE^A[
M&QL=+L;/3-

M3?V!OVB;'X.?$']GKQ'^V9^T=JOPL^)5S\3=#^'_E/''P\MOA5XQ^&OA;1

MX*W?M.W_`







M'U]/A9H?@SPQ9MX.MHM-_KOHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KX
M!_:/_PF'[+O[+/Q:7X%_$Y/V@=6^*LGPLU#XUP^%?A)^R7^U!\;Q/\+M$U
MS3_#_B7QI%K_`
)/A)XQ\+_V'X1O=3LCXQU!];2U\*+=Z;;Z_+I^HZYX?L=5
M^_J_#;]J+XB?$3PI_P`%BO@:/@=\

M5['P5-\
?VF/V;/`GQ-\%Z?XKGB\7Q#^V_V9/&P^+FJW%]H7A^Z\1?$7P98^





'7X?DFQ_8G_;EU_X(:]XSTSX



M/3ZU\0=9^/G@75=+^-EO^S?XK\WO[(G[5/C+Q[X$^.VJZ?X$U;PE\,?&OA[
MX4_!_P(1T+7_B5IGQ
\#WGP@NI+J70OC'_;4UI\+=7\7:CH/B6ST;[+_9__
M`&C?A7^TWX/UGQO\)K[Q=/I?AOQGK_P]\3:3X_\`AC\3/@YXY\+^
O#2V4VJ

M`






M8\527_P=CU672_!'BO7-8O=#T\`C^!'[;/CK6_B5#^T/\5/C9^V=IN@^*/VP
M_P!K/]E+X4_L5W'[-_PBO?#OQBU#P+XW^.7A3PMX!^'EQX3\%VWC^W\7?`?3
M?V;_`!UXZ^*?Q-USXFZGX3MIKN?PGXE\;11QCP[I7V9JO_!8;]B[P_X8\
:_
MK]Q^T'9:QXE^/'Q._9?D^'6B_LH?M'_$7XE^%_VAOA)X23QYXM^$'B_PC\*?

_$'P_P#%^N^'EU:Y

\9^


_#_P`2:<7T'4=$N[.`ZS#J-B`<3=_\%G?V



M-7[0WP$_:0\7#6OA?X3\2Z?XH?QOX
^/'P6^*L/P&\?:Y!I%[XCN_$T/COX:






MA\2_@OX]\0?&2Z\-G3;71?V;_P!C_PWQ`TKQWX6;X=:C)HL_AO6/V6]0U;

'[KPPU[;1ZWX(_L6*WN++5E`/JGXI_\%C/V(O@S??&N'X@Z
ME^T1HNB_LYZQX?L/C;XY_P&.?VL)_ASX`T3Q;JL.A^%/B!=^/D^#G_+:_\


;74FHZA+9:18:CJ%I^'G[5?['_[?7Q+_95_
M;N_8\^%?P!^&-OX=^-OP@^&'[.?P2^*GB?\`:GO;^^OO`OPP\'S?#V7QW\1]

FO_`*)?M^?LM?%7
M]LC]FGX1#P8?/P[_:4^!7QU_9H_;'^&/AGQEKM_K'PQ_P%V_L^^
]&^(
/


GAR_`/G_\`



%O!?PD^`&
MG?#3]H+4-4\#_!OX
_!'P#XGL/#OB[QWXUUKX*'1OBEXS\0_$?XE_%34;SP





M)?$'2OA;X!_84\(?M2W_`(&\4?!'4O!?P3A^%
VJW_BF[_:'\%_&CQ7\
M!\
M0?$;Q'XA\.^+/!G@K4O`_AKX@ZYX:\










_:;_9L_9Q_:;^$GP8_:
M=L?%'[5&B?MG6OP-\*_&CPOX/\-?LU?#W4=`TKXQ?M0?L=ZK\*)?B]\=I?$E
MUK'B#X-:U\
]6U+0+_P5IWQQ\%_$_P`-WW@V.*Q^IOV%?!WCSXH?%/\`X)G?

^N03V+W7-:3_P6]_X)




_%O[.I^!$VL?LLZAK'PGUSXO

M_IOB_P`'W'P_\*QZH`??UW_P6*_8JT_4/BKI-^G[5^GZK\#+;P-K?QFTS4_V

M@^
M&^#WQ4\3?7X6?$']H&^\.Z?\'_'Q/^+7A_PCJ/@#P-K/C.7QCX
N((


M?`7QPOQT\(26_P`*/#7CGX#Z%I7Q!^#]OH?Q0?4G\=3+I3#Q'?@'W1HO_!6_
M]C77/%]UX22^^/6AQ:7^T/IW[*GB#QQXX_93_:3^'7PO\+?'G7-5TW0_#GP^






M&D4442+'%%%&H2...-`$2-$`5$4!54!5```I]%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`445Y3\;OB3KOPC^&7B+Q[X8^$?Q(^.WB+29
M_#MAHWPI^$D7A*3QWXKU'Q-XHT7PM:KITWCOQ5X)\(:;I6BR:TOB+Q;KFO\`


M1URVG\_3M3T^\O[_`$74])M;K2WEN/I:@`HHHH`***^*_B)^TA\9_`G[:O[.


M=316UM;123W%Q/(D
$$$*-)+--+(RQQ111JSR2.RHB*S
P4$UYE\$_C/\.?V









M;[Q+XV\(^'K+5'N(]

)=1(%

?$?1?BAX+^+




MC:71]`O=9TZUUK58D\T/)INE3W
=]?1J8)@SVL$JKY
N2/+?`!OT5CWGB+P_
MIS(FH:[H]B\FL6/AV-;S4[*U9_$&J16\^F:$BSSH6UC48;NTFL=
4&]NXKJW

MTTKK''&K.[*JD@`GHKY+_:U_;#^%W[)W[(_QI_:[UK4='\9^#?A-\-/'/CO2
M=
T+Q1I$_$;6_&AZSJ-CX%\-:\#J%@=9\0ZIH\VAQS0P:B=-E6\O+FSEBT
MV[C7S+2_VKOC+\

M1Z3JUK'``?H#17YM?L[_`+:WQU^)'Q^^&OP.^./[+7A;X
VWQJ_9F^)G[47P






=_\`4.A^

M('Q
^
?A?P-\`M:^''[37[1W[-'B'0HOB@OC#PG'XC_9X^
'BWX0:C?Z7X^\


ZS`;K2/$7AK5K#7=U6U$CPFYTW5]+N+K3[Z`2Q21&:
MUN)8_,C=-VY&`YNZ^*WPVM?!?B+XB+XZ\)WO@GPG;7USX@\2Z9X@TG4M'TP:
M=:17MU;W6HV=Y-9Q7B6]Q:NMI).MPYN[15C)N8=X!Z!17YG_`+G[:7QJ_:C
M^'=K^T-\5/A5\#OA9^S%X_\`@!\



MX;BT#1OCE\=/!_P`;QIIFI1Z%XJMO$UWX/\`&OCC1([SPE`FFS:@!J$
NN:.





ZF;&#[3?#3[2219[TV=L1<70MHY3



MMGJ8\/\`C30-/\2:-_:-FDUPEI??V=J5M]KMDN)U@N/
B6:4('8`[FBBH+6Z




BC;*@`]2HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*\R^,?Q9\_`WX:^)_BI\3+OQ'I_@3PI#I\GB3
M4OO@GQ]\0M8TNQU;6-/T%=4_P$9^&7AWQ5XR?2=
N=4@O_`!%KMAHLNF^#

M#X8NO@3=?%+X_M.Z_\`'I&^+WPU^#6B?$S5?$'@/XE?#_3/C_H?P*\?%^T





?\`@F//X6_X)^_&



NE2YMY
MK61H;W3?BM:7EO


=KX@\
M1^.OB/X6^






M6






?1?B_^V;;

MA;]I#]@OQWXF_9NTWQC_`


NO!WA^^TA+


MP1J7PZLK/Q?`[Z[%I?B;3M!_N)HH`_E=_:V^$/B[Q-XM_PJ?B[P#^QU\7M
M1M_B-I/_``2


M1_9L_P='[3W@;]F+Q'\


_!7Q*NO^



M`



M?QNTVQ^)7[-'Q+^*?P!\*Z=./%O[0O[-O@7X_?#'QY^T!\%+#1KJ*'6+^7X@

/#G[+6B_`7Q=^T9X$M?&OPOU9






MQ\

O$:ZG^QM\7/$GQ%\?!S]HN[_:B\8_









;3]G**`/Y2?C7=_Y/V$OV@=2_9]_X)R_M,_L8?!_XA
M_M1_\$VO'.F^#_'?P1^(OA#XC^-/B)\'OVJO@;??$K3O!'[&GPR\*?$75?AE
M\/\`P!\%_P!GC2?$]SX[AM?#MG\7/&NO^(;J+1KB\N;/QQXMY7]OWX0^#O%6
MM_\`!3;P!X^_9!^,'Q/_`.B/QG^







MU/\`MUHH`_D*^*G[
W@'QG^W[\0/BGXQ_9




%6O`_@O]JKQ'\%=#^`




M^


M7/#^F?#+XC^#+72+^XU'^H.B@#^%;]JL)\4;SQCX+^-GPR\77MQ\0O\`@EE^



WT;8?LP_L6Z%^RE^T


MA'X
^(%N?#WA/PSK-EI?ANUC\*MI

M?@I/'X\F\3_OPG\0/`'@']IS\
^/?#5IXPTOQOX/7QOI'B./4X+3^U^B@#


$=.M?#'B<V^N^$_]YI?@C5K*QN
M_#\MI#^`G[-K?#*/]E']C7XS_L/_``(^+WC+]HKPM_P1H_:!UG]LZY^'?P^_

?`E]


M!G[+WP%^$'[.?PYOO%6H_#_X(_#[PQ\
O!%SXVUZ7Q-XG3PGX/TNWT7P]9ZI

M7[+6IZ5\:_$?[&7[0W_!


M!(SP%\9OB)KOB[]H3]J#PUX;B^)G[





\.:)]CM[K



MNCZWX'_8O_81^
G[!^E:5H'P
G\
^(?B!X
^

?BZR

MQ-HWC'XZ3']B?XL0_L_?LZ?!;X=_M*_%+]HG7?B1\
O#^BZ'\`?B?\)/BO\`



MM;;5[77\#3/V(?VN-.^#Z?#'4_\`@HQXL^(=[H5U\(X?!]W\2?V;_A-+X
G\

?AI8O!_P`0-



M\



M









\)^(OGP[^&7@W3O_]G^$

M\



MPYX@U-OAS\1?!WB'P_H!\!IK-[\0=#UCQM'X?T7P[XN^]?C'_P`$\O$?QOUG

MO2_B4/%L7Q#\16OB;2M9\)Z%IG]GM:VVC0:5*VI76I^)?$K_`()+^.OB;X8^

M'5DFET..XTK_`(1;Q/X)?Q%:Z;JFFRQ7FFWNB2VWV:8`S_VK_P#@L5?_`++/
MQBU'X*_\






M


M&Z`/RD_:N_;)_:6_:3_9$_:T_9]\!_!NR^!/[8/PM_:&_96_93^.WP^L_P!I


;?BGIOAGQGX0\'

\+Z9X8\;^-+_P`21:7X0T2==)T;8U;_`()T_$S4-/\`
MV@O&MK^T5X#T_P#:5_::_:)_98^/7Q*^+O\`PSIJ%]X+TRQ_8WOOA7JOP2^%

L-7^$]GK6OP^*/B_XX6\UKX@?%G5MM/#5]XRMYM^S?




M_!4#4/V3/V9?VO'FM?LJ_$:X_8F^/G[(/P6UKX6_M%^)/VB=1^+GQ#\*?&;
MQ[\$;3Q[\)?V?_CMHE[\.[[QI/=_$X.D?#;P_\`':#Q#XKB\0?$'5=/LM4\


M58?B1\-_AY\:_%%QKOPZU'6K62/4=\,?';X:Q?WQ=%JVF12*+;QGX.7P?K

`/CUX&_9W\)_#?7?CKX:^)WQX\*
M^M)\






?%.B_$#18_&GA^]\/_!3XK:'J7Q\96'A/6_6@:MX-\*^&=0

/[+?Q!;QQXH



MOOV0+'4/CS_P48_9J^*/@?X@^+OV2_\`@J#X5TOXH77B3PM:VR^&/AQ\2I/@

VJ^#?$OB?PM\-?@[\2OAKXHO(=2L-;\2ZIXJTNQM-$F\

M1OAQ^TEXML=3\!^)-6\8ZUXFUR76]*VOA_\`M)_'WP9\/KK]DO\`:#^*G[1'

MWP`_8^\??#SXUV'[0'QQ_:!?X_?$WPK^SMIG[+W@O7K;X8V'PSGF^'=OXRM/




(]2
MOO%GB[PCHXL+6SU.ZU?3O@VZ_9)\7^&]1_8O_8N^'?$O7?`_P`$?VK?$7[?

MO?:/\+/A1X/%YXD\2-XIM/,/B'[O_:2_9IU_P
?CC]GKXQ?#;XE6/PJ^
_




M]0?%+_@N#J?A7P)^SK=^`OV4YO$?QE^

*L

O%GAK]H?0M&U2'2_!/Q=UV^L=?

M^&.@?'KX=Z[\7O`_P+^'%UX-^)GPA^/7QLU#X_:AX$\4?!KXE:E\2=
@O_`/
MQ$OI-1^'OC&P\6)JVDV]WKECJ4&K6.NWEJ`#[7\7^)U_:5_82U#XB76C_&[X







\/?!+2/AI_P3#\=?
M\+W^/WPN\:_M&_#WX4_$S]I?X7^%O#%W^S)X/T+X27MC\3]5^*_PW\
?&C3O



O%VG?$GX.:CHOA73+_0



.J^(_BM\/+;Q;

M`



MD/X-L+;6-3Y;_@GG_P`%5+[]NWXD:C\/M1_95^*_P3MI?@)X3^/WA;QYK%GX








MUXKUB2X^!_CV?]K32_VC!\3/#$?@W3/@]K/P?_X5:/AGJ+:Y=6&MZ]HOBZ;7
MIOB2WQ*-JFJ6GB70;
V

MV;/V;=

OA9

WCS3_$/A'XM?#33


MX!/X2CL#\._A?#%\+YQX@\+O-;N`?I-\+/'UG\5OAC\./BCIVA^)_#&G_$GP




MJ

M_@UX?\`A#\7_C%9_6X^)7B3XH^%/!/@+PWXIN;;Q[X)^




MOV=/VM['P1XR\

&U'4G\1Z]HFE:!#JNG:'H0!]$^


?@U^VE\2?@U\%_


M






M





;3](TB+Q'X3HO\`

7'A+5]6\?Z!J'@WPQX*MIE@U[
M2=0U[6/LG]CG]B/XS?LV_%#X@_$'X^?CXHZ7:_L?\`[
O[(=AX=\)?LV:O
M\

MZ-:Z#/;:D-4`/S)_99_;X^.?[16O?\$=?%W[3GPX^*WA3XJ_M.?&K]N;1_,
M?[/?[2DWA/\`9PUK0OACX$\?^(=1E_:^%UGHFBW'Q&L/!WA_P`+:EI?P?\`


H]5\$/^</[1_[.OPYTCX%?+_@

OAE?^-O!_C_`







MC9KGB#XM_M


M#5].M?'7AYG^'FN:%;66IV7B_0I?&&I@'!R_P#!?C]FV\^GA?XD^&_A_KV



+;^#(/J3Q/\``'XE



OPXM_VB[GX
^
-

M:^&[.\TNYU6YU;Q!#J7[=4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`








%!



MX1^(A\4:W=VWB#6/[16MZS\$?VM[?X?\%?B'\5_P!H3X5?\%7=+^$O_!/'



_

3;CXEZAXXUKXP:C\.X
M]!\7ZC


M2U[7+^0Q6VF:%I&I7KO))%#;S_+/PQ_X*A?L]?%OQ/X%\.^$_!?[1:V/Q`^-


/_



7Q-!_P5A_9UN;GQ3%#\.OVI)+3P!\
M?/!?[

+/2O#?C[7((I=-\-16
'QC^'NIZW

M#QIX4GMX[FST+QCJ_AO1/$6L:4D%P)ESH/B&6:*U=MTD$UE#
CB6-7'Y+_\`
M!)GQA\
YOB?_`

M[(_[5/PN_;6^`/@_]I'X



M(\4:SKO_``28^*OP_P#VV?C/\:?VLOVK_C+K_P`-_P#@H)^R%XS_`&@KGQMX
M/\



M1XT\;^!7^+OC'7K#P]X9TC7?$4@TK34^./W[4'C+P1\`_C+X3_`(*!_M$^
M




M^%_QA_8._;6_:R^ME/_`,$OOCQXB\`^,_B%^QW\3OBGXZO_`(@:UXP_90\0
M^%?%EIK?P[UW]G#Q1J^)/'7[/NO6/BWP?X7T73_`!KKGAJ^DUNY\.R``_J3
M^_QPM/C1??&JPM_AE\8?AK-\$OC?XI^!]^_Q=\$_P#%P_$.[\



MZPN9-2O]*TJ_]Q_8J_;!^'?[=W[/?A7]ICX2^$_BCX2^''C?4?$ECX5@^+OA



MU^TUXGT7XZ^*_A+^S1/I.I_!3]LWX@^#-&^)G@^/Q?X:^%?@7QJ/B;H/@S5_


M`WA'Q+XPNO#?@C1+CQ-XT\06WAG1KW6I]$\(^&[1DN_$'B?5HK)K#0-$M66X

M'^*NM^`OVUKS2OBMK/PW^$7C'XAZY^SIKOBSQGJ'C7QMXWNI]%\%Z;ILW@SX
MAZY/HEYXM\)V




L/%%I8V'B:Q\*?%+P;HOCGP[9
M^(K#3-2UG3;+7;;2-=LX=7M-/UC5;&VU!+B&TU*^@2.ZE]=K^/?]A3Q+:_M*
M?$?_`()$_LO^`_V]OVAOA;X&N?\`@@W\%?B=XW\%?LV?M)?#+2-#U3XN?`SQ

M`/#WP3\6UU/P5X*?5/$FK_%/P=J=Z`?UU6G[1_@B[_:=U/\`9/\`[#^(%G\1






M

/6@^`?B9\(OGQ-\1:O\-?B1X#^.$ZS^`?$KV
]T?8?$GQ#_:Q^
M&.C?L]67@3]I']I+]I^Q_PO?[!.K?LJ?`SXF-XA^('A#3/A)^WM:^$H9K'
M]L?1?#EE\2+SQ)\(?A!\7/A1JOBO]HN_N_ANESK'PJC^#&J:AX(E\#:3XXTC



M^TG5;*[TZ_@M[NWFA3;K^17X??#^\\#_`+%?[5OQK_96_:!^/\OQJ_X)S?\`





_'6H:+K*^!O#'B2W

)_&$GAGP






^+?BU\*-9^
M*_Q




MLC_L_P#PS_;5\4_`[Q-^SY_P;K^'/C]X.L?^%Z6'[-/P[\0?$K3O`/ASP5\%


O#?@O5
M]*UN[G\7RG4_$4FMCP!)X?\`4O\`@D'XO^+6@?$_XI?`?]H?XL?&/XC_`!CL
MOV1OV-/BY-?^)_V@6_::^`OQ(T'Q'K7[0WAB[_:A_9X^(&JQZ#XV\&Z)^T+J

?%+5/@Q
M\1_BM::#\1?#GP2\;?M(^-=(M?WCGQ'IGPT^!'P]L-3U+Q-\4_BWXM\+^&-
M:\'?+P@(-&U:W\/:E\3-?\`B^--4TZ[T3P8FOZS`]@/+/V6?\`@IE^RU^U
M[\1]3^$7PMO/BQHWQ%MM%^+?C30?#_Q/^!WQ6^&UEX^^&'P7^,-K\O&/Q2^

M^;/P*^+GQ?\`V;OV;OV\/V/_`()67PY^/'QJ^`?['/\`P6&^







M1FFL]
&GG5K^RL;CVGP1\;_A[\0/B/\`&#X1Z#J.HP_$;X&7_@^W^(7A;6]#



MV5OB;X=^*6OWT\MCH5M8?#WXAZ]%X0.K^([Y[?0M-^-6O36-O!%?:OJ%L`?J







M7P2?L*FRAE.C^+]?BBD.IMHUYI8!]E_LY?M*_O]JKP'K'Q(^$%YXGN_#6@

M3XO?\%]`\5^+OVA_`/QKL/C%^PYXM^-7A?QQXY\/_&+0O$*ZKH^D^#/@59?
M!SX::U^S;)^SWI?@CXH^#OB#9VFHZ_H?CR._\/WVI-::KIVG7WB(`_INHHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*\U^)?P8^#WQGL=

?BW\6M#^






M?`'A+PSX'\*:1$8=)\

M?B&W_!5K7_BM%^R#\:/A-_;/PV^!_B[]M[XV_LM_&[P?\5?V=_B[#XK^)GAO




MQKF&WMS_`
);=VVF13^)
V]I:P'^V9+W



A^*

=-\6?:M8FM

MS1-8T77[[Q7H^K:1\/O6FZGI/BC4]&?PYJ7B33+^STB&ZL-?U#P]))H-]K

(_'GP/\8_#WP+\09-%\.^(_A%
MKWB=-&U:RT2?Q[I.GS0Z)<1Z2+C7(@#](+#X'_!;2[?Q%9Z9\(/A=IUIXO\`
M$$WBWQ9:V'@#PG9V_BCQ5<3WMU/XF\106^DQQ:WX@GNM1UYFUG4EN=1DGO[

/V3/#7[2_B[XO?


_AMSX]T6U;Q
MWY9T:TDCOYK'4KG3K^`/LW5-+TS6]
U'1=:TZQU?1]7L;O2]6TG5+2WO]
U

^



M7=KJ
OYL?L'?\%6OA;X@\&_!_PG[67Q^;Q)^UU\0/CC\:_@7#XAT#]FWXO

\4







M#+P=XZ\$:%XF^)F@^-/%-C_PAWAVQ\%Z7K'B*\\9ZAH7A*31+?Q!XAT+3M0M
MVW_!5?\`9'DM_&%I?7/QNT'Q]X+^





DPPWMG\R-1_X+7?\$[=&T[P7

M-?B)\*?!WPUU'Q5X











?GA_P3;^/7[3OQLE_;I\/?M7






;.?Q1XHN-)BE\+@'ZN:






M9M4$K`#OVQ?V$]8_:


?%;Q)\_?@SXI^-Y]:_:2\;?$3X9_!Y?$7[





M_2M+\.:M;6%GJOA_3M/U;3+NTLM$U.TTK2[74-*MH8K\MM-L(+F2*SMUC_

$^


$-:T?X@OJ/A;X@:=X[D\&



Q?M

M&WQ(^+?Q$\.^(]7\(Z#X




1O@EJ'[2.AZ[\/_@A^T1\4

EQX+FU3XM:7X)1?$^D^(M
M%VF_\




M
]-\6W=A?^*M/^!WPC\`?:Q\37VE0W%OIEYX@M/`7
MA_0(-9N].@O+NPN-2CN9K.&ZN(K=XTGE5O`O%/_``4S_8M\&?%8_!KQ!\5/

M)#\1Q\0KC4KBST:'PX^L7MG83_/VH_\`!=G_`()8Z7H6I^++S]I;5QX.T26P
M@UOQQ;_L[?M1WW@71+K4?'=K\





\








M/QP^





7ASQ=I


MJO`?@WQ-I_@OP[\1YK2?2_&NK6


TVWU/4GD6/S[A9K@QW=_-=ZG=)-J-[=W4_Y^?M
M!_ML_%CX6_'?]HSP-!\9_P!E#PC\$+#_`()Q^(/VP/@K\7/%7@;XD:K+\*?%


OAI

M\







ZG-=50!_-/IO[#/\`P4)3
M0/V7+&'X5_#+0=4^&'_!;GXW_P#!1_QU=-^T9-J[6GP(^*OBCX]:A%X`TW4Y

MPS'X$NVTOQ9IEC)X=76O%EQ'J-MJJRW\5K;V%UJGH_C']OG]A7X=?$2Z^$'Q
M!_;3_9

M\2_#/X_\%(?VBOVH+_XVV7[16DZ=J&N?[XK?'']K/XB:+-_P`*KO?A^;[3

M[%G[#'[2UC\*_P!I[_@H/K2_LM_M+^/;#Q?X+^)'P0_;0\6_!WQWX.^)FA^+

M?#+]GW]FV[A_9M_:KFU3X4?LJ^&['2/@=\&_#_C73_BKXHTKPMX/T][+P#I'




MX3\2?M9?\$W?VH9M%M_VYO&/Q&^)$4G[&?QNTKQ9XWTKQ_XY^

M/&_ASPWI-Y#XKE\6ZBNFZ?-'82R^)]:TLP:G^C?Q]^`_[3&F_MK_`!^_:)^%
M7PJ\.?%CP!\8_P#@FMH'[

M]*\1:1+

T'1

MGQ/\

^+9VT[6+R^^I_AO^R=^V=X/_`&X?A=\1

/?QQ_:5^`GQFLOAY\OVJ_V:OA[^RI/X$CT7XN?L8S:






/`GBO]
MA/\`9D_:/T'5)-2^+?@GQ)\





/VF


MH]K^UG\/O$?@C3OVA/VP?`&C__QGX&^`/AFT3Q!X3T]^#GQ)\43ZMX0D^.



MBS%/$5EB9HV5CW5`'\]7PV_8L_:]\$?'/]AOXN:U\'-$O+\_\%%OVY_VY/VF
M-*\





MOE10!_+#+_P2/_:=^+'['/QN_9HM_P!CG_@ES^P5XXU#X+?!WPS:_%3]G/28




OBG9_L=

MJ_:*U[Q#\9O'&C?&;QQ^V/XG^`_@C2OAWJOP=TU?AKX@\*3?M;V-YXRUW4/B

M;O6M(^+_`

'@*3




)-%\&^!/`?AG7O&?C7Q?XDU&UTCP







MAVW@_1_%4?A:XTGQ4?U5^)OQ4^&'P5\%:U\2OC)\1_`7PE^'/AM+:3Q%X_\`













=?U7XY?\+N
M\4V7P/AT3XPW:^%/U[_9^!_QX^!'[2?_!0!O%OA/P+=?`[]H[]II_VG_AK\
M3M+^(=[/XUEU'7_V??V:OA#J/P[UWX4OX(2UTFWT+4_@_P*-2?QE_PL:Z;4


MQ*_X*'?_P.'PYU?PUX8_9K^

NF?\$XOV?VHW\2_MD:G^U?\.?^BWQUG^

-1O;W3O$E]9:9

M5\+-
M?CE\
_%/[4WQ9^.D



MJL&J7
_A?8VOQ8TR#PQ=:9=?


7[-_B*[\$?!3]HCQ3\?QX)A.K^$?C%KMEXI

[_@GS\/?C)\/_BO
M_P`%
;_XJ_!?QG\+=#^
%O@3X@?LX?
MME^)OBE^V-^RK8?LS6-[\+_VHO\`@HQ\!?VT=`_:M\07OPGG^#'@7X)_#C2?
MV6M3\7Z?K.F6/CNQ^-&M_M&1^

^+-O\`\%/&^(7A'4/%/C/X8?'37OC!XDTOP[X.^UBUM\5/`7[14MG

_LU:MX4_:!^(-U;6OA%_B
M9JIU3P]XH^


M@_\`$S6?B?\`M[Z%#X3^*M[\4OBMX'_X3/X9#7M2U_1/'/C'X'ZE\1[:Q7PU

_C[X/\;16D\EYK`U;Q)X[\!^`?#=O)X;OYK#5=334
MM&2\\CUK_@GY^UCX?\5?!+XJZG_P3=_9?_;&?XG_`/!/G]E+]EWQG\)?VH_$




M''P\C^'_`(A@^U:;KMK_`%$444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%





M\'V/Q







M_P`/G@\*:[XFUK6_#BZ9JVH7%X_!?M.?\$Z_V0/VQO$]OXO_`&B/AAK7CC6X








GQ2\#Z3\*-2N_@)X;\
W][XC
++'6==@34P`?EOX\_;]_X*@:EX
M9\%:W^REH_P4_:7OO@A^R-^PK\9/C?XAM-(^&7P\_9U^-VL?M`^#O$?C3XZ?
M&C6OC;\??VAOV</%?PQ_9YL?AIX=N?&?P%UOX4?!WQMJ$'CVRUS2_BU:C0-/
MU7PCX7^ZO^XVH:FO_!-;Q[JOA+0].\<:PO[0O\`P3UU#PSX:N=:MM&TGQAJ

UBT`/Q@_:?TO]



M`/NHZ[\?OV@M3\-W_PA\12Q7'BWP;\0?AW=_%&7X
OA_\1V^(#^(



M'B*YU0`_+#Q%^V?^V1XHL_C3^V5\._C#X5T#X+_LW?\`!1+1/V
]3_8[U[X1



5IJES=V5C86]J`?B3\5/V]/V[FU7X=Z%^S1INE?

_^#G[.^E^`M)^!6CZ=XS^
M(OAKQ;\);?X8^$5\!^![OP%\5_#'B[1OBUX;US1?!JOX<;Q)IOCB#Q#JFEW%
MY;ZSJFHB^O#/Y]\2_P#@EA^PA\5O#WP8\,Z_\#I_]A^SWH?BOPU\(;_`.#7


7B73;J^GU'1HX)M
\#E+
MMM)TJ_AETFT_&+XQ_P#!2C]M?XA_LC?\%6?AAK?Q

?VI/`
M?QOTK]EGQE^SUKOB+0_C7X1^*'A;QUX(TOX4_&KQ%XB\3V_@RXU7PQ#JWPU^



O!'[$'QV\:3_`!(D



M`%/P?XEM-1L=?TO7/&?C+Q%KWCK7YM7M=6U&*^U?6O$U_K4_VJ21M1\T(Z_+

M_P#!5[]J3P_;^+?V(?A[\!'G\!_L7_L`_M`_$7P]\0+KX5V7A4^._P!J#X.6

MES:^(_VC_`'C;3)(-7U:W59=

[./^PM;5O#.JZKI]

$XOB-:?#.R\:?LH_#[7+?X1??PY\!_!RWWCTDB^OA%




_!_PBGB?P_/X`]L_


MFTI(M;UO5)M
U%]*CB3I?$O_``32_8:\9^/O!_Q1\6_L]^&?$OCSP3X8^%O@

^+U[X&OHX;S0]:^*UEXSUN&




MXF2ZKJV@Z'XA\1^'7\/:QX


U^

M^#OBVGQH\

^
_B2TU*UUWXL:-^R]-


MQ)\`?MG^&_C'K?[)W@KXF_#W]C']M#XS^)?V0_BE^R[\4O&/@/4_!'@#4O#Q
M^#_COX%?&F#XCI\(?VX?V:?B3\


3]CK68_&27OA/XP(_Q!_9U^'/[



M@G#^RG^V3^S-\#?BMX5M?C!\1OVQ?B?^T!%\?-4UWX4?#BTT'QQX.\4:M-X?







M:IXC_:B^+/P@_9I\!_M5_'237_&&L:M\?/%W[-OPO'PW\

?B?6M0ADU

#/\`@CI^S[^U9X'LO&O[

TE_#
M_C2W^&_Q(\:_S7];\-W;+6_]]XD\:SHFK7GA7Q7I3WGAWQAX8OKBZT#Q

U+QEX23XD_L
_9IM/V/;#P)#<_LX6?P;F_9]3X9Z]KWBGQ39W/P<N/
O@*X\



._B=XB/BKQ+XKF\8W.A:=X


)],\,I9Q:IFZ[^W=^WEXW\-_LMZ-\$=&T_Q-XQ_;3UO]N?]H[X
M17_@_P%?P:UG6]&_8E^#?Q7^''A3]F98O#OQR_:\_9P\%^*/$7Q!^%_QX^#


Z?X/\`$'B?Q+\4/B!XI\5?

M+?#_`
(_'+X9?VYIWPGUQ?$7PLU7P7XS^(/P;\;?#75/[#NO#



L-(MW\6:SKJ_

MW_!-S]C?X6^+OV;_`![X&^%_B#1_&/[)/PDE^`OP\0S_&?XZZWJ7@[X+O=?
M;;?X8ZM+K_Q+U0?$/P7I%PEH?#FA?$M?&%EX8BTO0[;P['I=MH.C16`!\P?%
M5?C9XC_X+-?`/X=7OQ(^&&I?`N__`.?/[5_C&3X/Z]\&/$6LR2:1:_M$_L%


4-



`_';XH?MG_M\^+/V4?^
MB_PV\3_`+0WAM/&'P^_91_9%^.?PK^,T'[?QS_`&.?'SZ3^TC\9_CG\*/B






OP.^!7[&OQ+\;:!XFT+X+V?

MC



G[
_QATOX2ZTWBG]G'2]:URQ\

M0^)/&?Q/\&?&[X1/XZ\%_$7]C[4OVCI]/UCQ/+\=_'7A#X5QZ+XMN/#/AK7?
MBMK:Z]X?\







M05Y%XIU3P-\#OA:_@SX@ZE;^'+3X@:'=:):^/\`P42_X*2_MV?_P$C?LG
MV7[&WPI^-[?\$Y/A#^VQX_\`#?QA\%_$+X@^&?BQ\3_C3XL^(7ASX=_/X:6



M30=.TZVMK2(`_.GQ]\:?VSO'7Q._X*IW%[XO_8[^+/PH^'7_``3%_8^^
D7[


7
M]EZ[TKX7Z)X=G^/7P[TOX2_`F_\`V8O#R?#_`/:;^/F@ZMJWP`OM3TW5(OAA
MXO\`%LWQ`O\`QIXHT71)M-6V\+:GJ7B.3Q1X4TV[O=
\.:]IEB\
$`!^9VI_
M\%0/V[/C%\

M_0;X`\2R^


MA25HT:14#LBDD#X^U7_@FK^Q]J\GBIIO`_Q'T^#QC^S-X;_8ZU;3/#G[2G[3







WQ!^$/QD^*?Q`T?XH^/_`-J?


OX-^$'A/2M
M/%/@C_`()G_&/P/XF\6?\`!;/P

MTM6W:[;GQ-9W&F7+ZAXIMK?R^R^!/AGXS?\`0_L]?L[?LD^,/!WQK\*_P#!
M=#Q]\48?VJOO[.%KX9^&'PJ^'/P8_:SU7Q]XNUBW_:!TFRTIM-FC^&/AS5/

?ML:?_`
*@^-'Q+_;$U+X%

M



?_!;/X__`!PU6[^'
/=<\/1^_&OA

MA/A!XPNOV;/^VO[+$GQ%USP%X;\=^)O@'\0_P!JG]L[X?%S]FSXI?$CQ%\
M

\-:[I6NZ@`?U'_``^_:._9









M\*^$M#U;Q-XEU[5)UM=

M4U_






MTJ22_AD@6UJ_PTS^S?X?\``_AOXG:]^T%\$=$^&OC*[N;#PA\0M7^*_@/3

?[2?[+_@+Q5X:_9_\`CA\?

M]J?QMKO[7G@^+]HO6/AKXD'[8.OZ]J?[4MSH'B77/&7B7X:^./#/Q$^%%Q\?

M*U/P!XP\)VNL_P#!+#XH?#SX?_#'_@F3^U1X%\

M6_Q;^%?P$\



MU+3O`%AX2\#_`!W^*\G@S0/!D'B?Q7\.?&&O3Z_K=YJ/@^]^(+0Z.VK^(]-T


M[[P_\4_AMJ$FB^./&WB*+P[H_AG4Y+KQ=I^FZ7K


L


MSK\/_A#\4M/^-GPO^+6F:]X:\/\`A/XAW_QW7Q)9_&[Q1=ZL_@SP-XA\#Z1\
M(M/US58(-7?38/#.NV'BN_O[.UUJ'2M'\X_X*!^!_CI^UO\`L#Z#J?P@^WB
M/XA6?Q0_97_`&B=?_9!^-L?PMTG7_BYX3^!O[0'PU^-'C7]F;XB7[^(O&WP
#/VK/V;?%WP.\`/)'X[^,OACXY_##7_A3X*D
MB:W66/Q;\1-*\47?A#PV\;7=JLB:QK%DR-<VX8`S1[N=U3]OK]A31/A=X9^.
M.M?MJ?LEZ1\%?&OB#4O?@WXP:I^T=\'=/\`A=XM\5:
+LZQX9\

O[4OP[_8
MO^


?B!X
US4_$G[.FDZ19KJNFZ-X/T^^Y;Q/

?M-ZQ\1/
M$WP
^`G@C7?'7[9WPY^.GQU^._PW^)G@S]HH0^*?`'B?PSXX^*_COQB+'X):



MKX__`!`_X(
^*_V=K;]G?3+W]IOQO^PG\-/A!=_L[?`7P]X+T'P5X
^
6H?#



M/%NAZQK$GA'3M



MX6\

M]GJVM?\`,MJ,TH!Y_\`M&?\%'=$T/X?_LZ_&?\`8P\8?LQ?M=?;X@_MI?L
M]?LH_%C6_`WQMTSQ7'H?_#0/Q

M/Q3_`&FX?C]\;_AUH?B_PK_P2K^(7P@A\:?\%$/V$OC?KWA9-&^!C?'_`
;:



MGP:@^&/C/X.)^VMX[_:[U/X[6VM67C[5/B5HOQA\6?#3Q!'\&;[P#/X+NM7B

M96!%=%\$_P!I;]G+]I;2M=UW]G'X_P#P3_:`T/POJ





M2_&FAZ)X1\(:1X7\
WUA9@'Z+Z[^UW^R?X7^

M:Z-\!M=^-7PVTCXSZO
1XJ@OWTN?PR









M)8_H_2_VI?V9-


MRGF0PM^37[5O[.7[07[5B_$?\`

?V9OVE?VH_O[,6L?M3^)/
MBGK7A7QU\#/CS;Z=X%\2^`)/VE?A;XK^'&N6OQ?T'QAXL\5?LVMX5T?5EL[K
MPRH`/TD_;9_X*S_LO?`?X&??QM\)/VO/V+;KQ/^T9\7_AM\*?@UX[\=?%[P
MGXR^#EMH^O\`Q$\



MQ-\4]+DBDCU+2/&=]'?RZ1HGXK:W^SS\0O#6B_LVS?LW?\$T_P!LSX
?#
_\

+?`6E?&?X<:AXT\++X'LX=
M1\:MXC\+6GB2;7-$7P?I]Q;WWBDZG8VH\/V<\-SJWV2&5';5^'[3'[.'[36

FK_!;

M-^



MP/KFO_$/18_#?BF;2;]Y-)L=;UO5-)TVQM]
.K_+%[_P3*_:D^'VB?!?]LCX




M;R7XG_L
_%2W^-WC#Q7\;_\`@FM\8_CCX9_::_9!_9#^'_P[^G[&?[7WBKX
M!_LQ?LP?$'X`Z+X@T&W_`&4/C[X0\%_M*?`CPCKG[-O@WQ%K'A7Q?X?\?Z-\
M._BCH/AB*?Q[)X&^&-\T=U#J8!_29=?M4?LP67B%O-[^T?\!K3Q6OBK6/`K



M+T3_`!3\
SZQ8Z3\2/%/Q$T'PMB?M#?LC_M$?%73/^YME\,_P!BCXJ6/A3]
MK&__`&$?%WP&T74M3^#/A:V^,FK_`+-5E\+/#GQ@L]#\):G\3])3P3-;6'A7
M3[W1K+QY%X4T_P)-KIVJRZ)+JNH?:]

M`(]`\;7WARY2S\0V7A'6&\0#3O$EWH-XZ6NLVVC7-[-I=RZ07R02L%/\WO[4


_B3IGB'P3\1
MO&OPR\.^*O#'AC6[#XFV.BW

:O\/?B


I:/=:W;Z?XMTW6-6NI-
T*RN]*&J3:]I`!\3:U_P4^^


/V:O/B']J3]B'Q5X;\/:W\/O`?Q@BT+X9_'
M'PMXH^'7@?XG:!\6/!OC7QGX6DU'X;Z3J_A3Q'XEOK_P#XDTSQCK?AC4_!M]
MX:M_$OC\O;/4)/S/NOV5OBYXF^!7@#XE6?[$_[5%U^TA^R7^W'\#O\`@H1X




MXJ\8?$#Q!X[O]`^'VJ6


MQ^P)=?`/6?@7X/\`#I\1_$^^^(5Y\/+SX5^1I6B#Q!K
4EQK/B'4$UZ_OKC5




W^A6OBO6-'CU0Z%




MUV+PUXQU/Q;9_P!/-`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444




M6`?IM17X/?!'_@K-^TC\:)?V=([[]DKX#?#/1/VNOB[^V7^S/\#/'8_;'\0_





M@IJWPFUNUUCX*^

M[_PV^

M+;P]IZSQR







RGXB^%'_!



^#_BQ
M^QM\)K[P)K7B'QCKOQR^-UM\?_'7P^\?%#XR?##1_ASXH\9#X0_+PKJ_Q&


M0/VM?A+\./V@_#'Q

O#7P7\1?&3]H#X1:UHG[0

MX+\

MC\*-


MX

_:\^&O[86B^#[[Q1=:!\./A'^SCHNB:KX
^(WP]

TKP[\9O`DO

M0U]L=3CL/E[X/\`[=FI?L^_LZ_L@?LX_P#!,;P5?_M%K^T!K7[=7QZ\)S_%
M?X4?M!SZA^S'\)/#/[63SZW\`_BQ\-/%[XZ^*\OC7X
_$3]H+3OV?KCQ?KG








MN9HGZ&B@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KXY_:2_9`7]I'XH
M_LP_$G4/CW\9/AQ:?LN?&&V^-_A?P%X`L?@V_A3Q1XYM/A]\3_AI%J?B6_\`

M)_WP19?LB:?%^TS^U9XAMOV
OVFOC%^U=\.$U^Z_9G5O%GQ)^._B?QOXL^


T'CGP?^S1

/V;/&WPW^+'PO\

?`VE


M8K;Q)K^B6_@5+XT?^P?/='_`.9UCX2^%6@_CP-^V;^VOX7TCX9_.X^#G

MLW=C\.K;Q'X5L;RR;QSXRU/6_P!-Z*`/S%\(_P#!

MXJV7[;^O_M]W_P`4O`VD?`[PM=:C\9?$W[..N_LG:[H$?@75OA!XO^'FF_#C

%XW_@J%X%^*7Q/^)7_!+_PI
M\*-(^



MD6/PBO\`3_$WPC_:=U?P+K7Q
T'Q#\0?'PT\$_$&2-[[X5?^30[ZSUJV\1
MZ8GA%K;_`(2*XLO$&NVMY^J5%`'YN_L[_P#!-CPO^SI\1_@/\1--_:B_:P^)

M$'PGO[;QOX@\5:G\2-1F^'?ARU\2^
M?TPZO8:K[1^U#^Q7\'/VM_%?[
/BW



MV8?#G[+%KXU\?:OX6\



\6?#C5)_!W@*SOK#4I]'TG3/A+\

M_1*B@#\J[[_@E%X!\=?#'X@?#[X__M/_`+6W[1VM^.OACHWPET_XE?%/QS\/


__``K7
M5-2@U*Y3P=;6EU8Z=I?[%T4`?D]\4?\`@E-I7Q$A_:TFT_\`;'_:J\(ZQ^V-

/AII&


MW?`Q_9M^'VI_#W3OB5\3?BI;ZM\1OB;\4+OQ-\6+KP/=^)_^$D^+WC?6OB5
MXYBAD^'_`($^'F@Q:3J/CSQ-XG\2VMDN@;M-N=?O-.L9X=#M=(TK3/?:*`/S
M=^&O_!,GX5?#C4OA=;M\9?V@_&_PR^G[1GQ=_:I^%7P.\8ZU\)H_AKX2^
7
MQ?\`%7Q+\;:AK$E_X


M9ZOJC7^DKI&B?I)10!\?_%#]D5_'OQ]MOVC_``;^T=^T#\!_B`/A!9_!+6+7



UOQ3XKU77/U@HH`^


M7_A'['0?J+X'?VX^?PE\?FZ^*'Q6^-

M//

MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`


MVD2X&HQ?$33?AI+XJ^%_A?5+69+865KX%^



@`^-_V2/VV/%'[4

MDZP(=1NO#UEX!\6ZE^S%:^)_@E!I

FHZU\
]?T?QWXAU*&^\:0^#/!'Z-5^
M.GP@_90_:9_9

MQX^(MGJTOQ

MRT8E5560+O@'``)J***`OS9_X*#_&S]I'X$W/[.U]\%OC+^S7\*?#WQI^.
M_@O]GOQ#JO[1?P9\6_$C1?M_P
]`^(/B.#QQ9:IX9_:2^`43W@?PCIOAG2
M?6I71MM5U;5HG_MB.6:SK])J_&C_@J]\1/`?\`PD'[)7PX\1Q_[6_^$_


+UL_A-\=='_`&8_$K:?\_C_K=QKW[0.NW<EAI_PC^$MCHGPOU&
_!



M'FANDZQ?@-^RA\3]

/$&M:3XKUG4



M)?$KXW_LZ?#_`%+]A?XN?M/?M+:_K7CG]MS_`()YZ/=?%;3O&?P?_;7^$?P\
M^WPS\*77[7$7Q)\+_$7Q#%^U'X0U61/COX-^#/A'P_#XUS3O%7B32[N?1I
MKGYS^&5W^QE\-OAM^P#J7C7XM?\`!+O]J_2OV?\`]D3XG?L?_$3]FCXV?\%/

_$K0YI]$



M'P;KOQ%3X+?&'X3?`#3?&/B+XA^/)?%-GJ7PZTXW?A^S_3/]MC_@I/\`L=:=

M]
U[Q-\(O$WQ



BTK\M`_:A^`&GWGP5^(FJ?
MM5?\$^O[5A_X+2?&;_@I)XQ\`Z3_`,%(_P!B:_U[P/\``WQM\_B_P#!GP_X
M*U'5M0^

D_Q


^














M@3]K+PG^Q5XRN+SX


+PW\$OB/'?
M?!WXT^#KSQG!\2/GQTT&[\.+XJ^'/B;P'9^`/%&K:OX.U/P^_B==!L7\976


M:UGX=6&OZ

MHVT'P9_X+:_$#]N?P_\`#C3_`/@K%^SK\0-0\4_LX_&O]GOXU?![4KO3?B5\




FA^.?`
M'[0/C1-$N/#OP]^(?@&\\)XM\$RZGI_B3P_JMCXD\0Z38^#]3TW7O#]QI'B
M'4#XBT%-2_G'UK]I/]G_`.(MQ^T5XU@_;1_8E^&VN^#?^TWP'_X*:?!OP1X

M:IC^&

M@K)^Q%??R^-.B_$#QQX@\/:K^U!'^QCHOA/2/@E\99?BWK/[3%S:OK-A\*
M+/X/W7@:T^(\'B#4O!ZI\0+/^TO#=A:-X&GM]?FN((9DB/V;\#_C1\/OVB?A

M/COIWQKU?X3^+]
_9U\0^!?7QFOX-+M?!/BCXE:;J6M^?#T\VNZ6FLZSK6
MA:1$VH:^-.\.'6+O3O#\-QI2Z[JT5CI-QX@\-VUY-K^F_CA\&OBG_P`%.?B=
M^UM^VW^SQX;_`&L?V:_%$O[$GQ(_8_T[4+;Q1^R=KW@C3OB+X9^.'@CPS\9/


O`/B.\.D_



MTG4_CSXG\3Z]J-MK5W8^-+33+'4Y_'


M^%?AX-\6_&W[/.N^-]#M_A]XZT#2[RQOO&
_A3P+\6?%TUKX-NH-3T+Q-XD\

;7O@



M+X?^$+_X**^




-


M4*^--



MX-:E^R^/`'AG]H'X4^'/V%_V



.A?L\VFLW7P-^/\7P?_X7




U3Q!KWQD^!



M3J^M:FMK;_VSXV\

]?\`




_^GO[.'A+X3?#5OA[_P5



)MO&FGZE!XIBO_%=K\2O&MA\
M4/&%HUKXBD\&_!WPAX
37X[7Q4PL@#['^+__``40_91^!'C?7OAO\3O&GC;2
MO'.A^






)-4T$Z%\.=;^,_
MQ4\VEA\5=:=?%6@_#FU\`6VB/7CJU]96,NJ6_VS\3_`/@JU^PI\(/AE\//
MC+XR^+/CX^%WQ-^'AW]I/P_P-?`?[//[2OQ9T71/@/XNBL)/_P`4OB=+
M\*?A!XTE^WA+7VU!+72;_XQ0^!&O=0L==TR)]1\-^(;73/DKX&?`S]N7PW
M<_!%?B7^R]\)TTSX-?\`!/+Q1^QGJNFZ#^U2;]?'GBJZC^TUCKVG:F?@OI=
MUX=\':W'\
]4TR[U&ZL+CQ)H5QJMK=0^'=3@MFEE^%/A]_P2`_:-^%?@G]E.

M?Q9^%WB_Q'^S)\8IO$_@GX@:?\:;[3OB/X



MNM%U34[RUM/$?A^34\[]L#]G#XW?$?\`9(^$G@WX
K\*6^._[/OQ._9*^-_A
M7PK]ENOAA\%O''B/]F?XF_#_`





M3OV
OCS\*_V'_AWIGPS_`&$OC3^R9!\=O@U\3_%7B;QG\:KSQO\``6;X-^&-



M@:;+IEW)Y6FZ+%;S5\J?%_X#_P#!1WXT_%KXX_'3Q-^RO\'/#4_Q5_X)6?$K


U

?$'Q'^P7\
M(_V0O%?A'7IO$WAWPKK


?C

_\%)/%GPWD^-_@KPZ









\(!^I?Q#_;^_


KHG
M[2/QR^'?PJ/Q/369O'_P\O?#-U\*=-U[6/$










5QJ1L_BIX.M3:



+?C'^REHG[5[Z#^W)\.O#L/P^C^%?P\^)WC3Q'X;\3?##XS#6?FEZ5\0




M;HNL0Z#\'/!/[2WA+PO\-O$7QJ\$?&'Q`/`&C6GAW5_`VG:E:Z]H_ASQ)I_C

?VHO`OPT_X)U0R2?#[X]ZM




O@FZT_7


MTT/7(H_#&K@'[V45_.S\$?\`@LC^V+\?_#^L_$WX9?\`!
CXM^./@SXV^`G[




`?TT75U;6

M-


?
M%^D_%#P=HW[%_@;XT?'7_A)?''PBU+X/^'OFE:I\5_/PTUMI?`.G^+(-=\






M\T6O?&O1?^1'QD_X*#?G]F#X;IXZ^#UOI'_!
[QU\#_P!F?1]9\2Z3\
/@




M^&_[%G[.?[17Q:_X(Y_##]HR/]I_X=ZCJ/[37BR.\OM7N;?Q!X`@U'P9XW^$



MKMOX8^#-YXNOO&FL^(M4\.Z;+XCT+3UTBZU73=3M(_!+#_@H3^UI\*O@Y^SW
M\#_V-?V9I/VB?$GP-_X)X_L/?%CQYX7?P#\0_$%Y\0-4^+G@+Q2=(^&WACQU

MGQ!\#/BIX`\-_$;Q#-H%KI/AS5?A=I_Q0^'OAK5=4OM1TS_A(?$'AK7+S3)-

/V7K7]L;XI_LC:S\1IO#'







^

^$FD




M9PNU^6CM0+=L(5[=7Y.?L*?M3?MN?%#X[^-OA1^U]X)_9CT/1M;_9D^!7[

MAS0KO3-;LK6*PGOK6_:WYK]LW]OC]H3]F?X[_%WX5V/A3X':3X?@_8I\=_M1

M9CXJZ#^V=\1?VDDTWQ]^S[I_C[4M523PYXF^''A;PA-X7UKPE'\%[?XH^%M=
M\::!KU]KMK:Z]I?AF]^Y_B]_P4D_;-^`.B_&CX8_$'X+?!/QK^U3I/[17[*7

MP-^&/QL_:5_:G_:*_9[L;7XU^.?%?@'0;GP7\)O@OXI_:%\#_&W2_#?P\N_C
MOK&A:3XK^''A#Q+I&K^/$7B:;Q)9^/?#XL;.9_OB.P\4Z=^E'[`G[1GQ*_






M`(!_:M\+0_`_6?V*_&W_``49M_\`@G-:_!JW\.Z]_P`+B?1=7_:QU#]D'2/V
MM)?C3)X^33K^N/BI9Z=J$'[/.H?`ZSG_P%::N-;N/B$VJS6





M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%


M






MA3XN:E?:=XUU#2;_`

M_#'5?L_?\$W?`?[._Q[\





O+SQ`NLCQ5X$\2^(M77Q;XHN'\0P:AJGVZ']3Z*`/






^+_@


MCXP7?C;XF^`_'G[/6J^







^)?


K?X'I\+9_AH7TN3P8VKB/7(T;_@E

^/?A)J/Q5^*_C3]H*'X9







'Q7^*
&H:5K?B6XCAM_B!XAM

M-X?OQJFC3WUC=_K-10!^17P._P-OP+_9WTG]FOP[\
?VAOVR]+\*_LE6OQ





M3Q]X/^!?B+P9\._'WBWP7H6EZ'K_`(MT#6M=T26YM;VWU&Y\6M_^3_P1F^'
MWBWP'XK^,O[4/QN_$G[+VK_`+&FC?$3QI\3?#MY\2/AW^SGXE_L!/%O@/P%






MI?%;]FG]HK]DV.7XH_#/X.?M6?M!^
?VE?CII?PO\:6VAZMXR^(/C_6]

M
;`ZMKF@^)9-)\'Z[XGT31M=N?#ND16203:9;:78W5KX=
^BS)XV_P4?[/
MWQ:UKXQZY\;_`(B_M$?&2Y^-NE?`A?$:^*/B9I_A2?PIXZ_9IG_M#X
?&+X4


M34=?\`_LS:=^T;XB/B[XR:O^S5\+_B-I7CGX9?#WQ'XP\327&L-JNI^#_%)T


?A1\




MP3_X))_LI_`_3=8\.Z=J_PT#\1O!9^#/Q(_9T^'7@+XR_M`_$KXE^#_`(#_
M``'^+-OHECXW^%OP,TK7=8:3P%HFH:1X9\-^';'64NM1\9Z+X6T'3/VC^*+





TIW@UC72VIR['VQK[=10
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444

M%_C)^R7\!O%?POLO%5Y\&_$7C6\_:X\(?OQ]\'?GC&^^/MO\%M0\)WGACX




M=XM\)^`/A+^SK^V?X&NO#6I_%3PGX=\3^)+C0=&\+^$/VL/WBBZ^*.G^%=2
MUB:Q^
_@'XA7/A:!(_B8^E:1^UNEZIIFMZ9IVM:+J-CJ^CZO8VFJ:3JVEW=

CQNK$`O4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%







MI&UU;XA?%O\`96_L5SX2\(?M
6\OA+2=+^*OP!ATR?3-)^'&C_$/PE;^(HOC




M&?B'JGAS6I?&6@)XDL-)\-Z[HFCZO;:/K]_KFGWFE6_SY^Q7X]T;]L?]L;]I
MK]O'X9:_)KO[




M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`



M_:N^*W[3EYI'B_\`X*

?#3]FKXR_'?2?@)\4M/U7]G




MQO\`@OK_`.SGJ_P7\



M_M6ED^N^9OASH7BG1K7PI\-_B3(FDZ?_PDGBE-(T76]2-[XE_H8_9*^'O[

\-O/JX!Y;^R]


MP]\2O!OB72O%'@C3/$VKZ!XK^'OC;0=01-/C\





*?@=X\,-<6OB[QI\1CH'P\35-;
MU.\TKP_X;_X1/3$NM5B^2?AS_P`$Z/VA?@3XK_X);V_PYUSX'^-/!7[?A;X


_`[]G?6_@


OXHI@)K#5=+OH8;W


MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH

M%BMW8R7$$T:O!
D5[:3B.5F@N8)E21;U%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4451U+4K+2+*;4=1F^SV

M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
*%%%`!1110!__V3\_
`
end








begin 644 v334147_ex10-15x8x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****

M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`445A^)[#6M5



^J:]X

M='X7^'?AI\:_BO\`L;_LR_M`?M^_#;]GOPSXU\6_%GXX?!ZU\-^!OV8_#.D?

MWZ7_`

WBN



Q:Q
M;Z-KFM_!7X1_W3]7OM%BU'P]J&EVTTS7WV%^Q/_`,$_?@E^PEI/CU/AIXH^
M.7Q.\

M^MP
M\\CREV.+^W_^W]=_L06WP3TG0?V:_C'^T#XX_:(^+O@#X%?#J3PG;6WA?X
^



T4
3NODGP;_::_9S_:*N


M\._`O@[P%HR6]C:)I/@OPQHGA;3$M=
M_LFFVRV&AV-C:K;Z?:_Z-8PB(1VE
MO^Y@6./Y:`/.OCQ^TW\!OV8_!5_\0?CI\3/#_@#PQIVK^&O#LDUX+_6-9O/$





MX8/B;PJGQ$\
MX)^(NAZAX:\=^'/%O@GQ-HGB[PE(VG3QZMH+ZCI%[;V.J:+

ML
\/3^$_AWX:OO%.H:!X=G\0^)_%Z3+


MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K@_BGX!T[XK?##XC_[5[E[/2?B





$_/AM^


MM6D2;PA;7_P`08?VHF^'E_9_!V7X4



MZU7Q!XCUFX=C)-%IFDVVE:!I^DZ/8?1=`'\G/_!)_P#9H_;[T?XT_P#!4S5_
MAO\`MT?2R\7^$O^D7CKX7?$SQ#^U%^PC8?%_XV_&?2?`/P9^%Y\._&/C'
MQM\+/VH/V;IM,\$:SX2\1P0^$O#6C^'[+2S/:^(?&FBWNFW?C/5=$TC]E_A)
M\8_^CG@3X^^#OA#^US\`?@W\2?AC\5(]9L_!_[3/[&TWCRT\+_#/Q!X5T35




MW
$*3W-IH?Q&\(ZOX0U.]M(I&C1[RSL]7ENK3












M`_:G_:
\:6'B&7X%_LJ_2.=_B)\7+KPF=$/BW5/MMOI&OCPC\/?`EOXCT.\
M\?\`C^^T74[+P['K.A:9::9K?BCQ)X9\.ZR`?

MA`6WA35=?L_&%_I6OV'B*PTY\/.^JH`?0%%?+^F_MH?LOZQXL_:J\#:3\7]
M`U/Q7^Q'HWA[7_VIM&L+'Q!=S_'2?%7@K6OB)H-SK





-/MM+\5Z^`?H#X^_:5TWP'^U=^S=




^`_AFVU/0+71_@]HVF^&M?T33_`(G?&+XJ3:#X`T+Q



M67Q'\:?&#]NSXK?$?]GG]F_XM^(/@5^S)\%-?UOX8_M1_M0?S4=*B^,7CGX
MOPZ2D?B3]F7]FWQ!?:=JUG\/+WX;VFMV%Q\;_P!H&PMKSQ'X(\;M;_/X7OI


MCOQ#XK:_\?2Z#\3_`!#I?BGQ5X8TN5?OROR=_;&_:#^-WQ%^-?\`PQI^R;\8


WQT^#'[.G@34

MX6TCPKJYU2[\57_BF&TQ?V`OA9X_;6T/6?^H?[5/@+P]XU\3_'#Q9KWBK]







;;2K/5M`T^;P?I'[/.M:2MWX8L-*:\U6R\17GA2*\O\`








_:/T/X=V7QH_8Y_:]^(
M?[(WC+Q7\(=+\9Z5\-/BA/\`#[P5\-_$\/Q&\/Z;XQ?4KCPU=Z[-XWO(-3\$
MQ^)_$MQX=6PL;RXO8[/7M+1_D/\`X)0_LO\`[0OP@_X*&?\`!:SXM_&?2_&B

7QR\?-\
;O6[6U6[\W?C'X\Z=I
M^I7WAZ.30]1\6^&-3MGO]1NM`LOIS]ES]D?]KS]G;]L7]J_Q7I_C[]F_3/V

/VQ


M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`OQ9_PL-W^T9\8?B1^QU^P

_A-X-^+GAW0;

7W[35\O_M)?

M5XK/P=_:`UGX_P#_``5S_;?U+3/#\GC+]GW3=*\.?M#^)-#L=5OO#EC:W?BG

_

MH^(/[






M!^R]\+/@#\;+^\\:^_GC.]_:W^#WCCQ_XK\&_M5?&[Q1X[\20:NW@'XZZS


MV
]1^&6H_']F/1OVUO^CWPZ_:J_:7N_B!HLFM?&'X3Z%^V?^T:=6^!G[-/

MU^:O_!
#0OC?X4^&W[5OA;XT^!-5\!VFF_\`!2K_`(*+:[\%X-;T6XT34/%7

M]FOL[XY?LT_M&?L\_MM^-O\`@H#^Q#\#?A/\??$/[0WPL^'_`
'_`-J?X+^.

M?AGX!M-/\2ZF/^$`U34HM)US3OMNBB@#Q#]I;X`^!/VJOV?/C1^S9\31J8\`

\TSP#I:W<6
MD6/ZA44`?A[HG_!':Z^(GQQ^/GQ9_:Q^.T'Q)^$_[5/C;X._&KX[?L:^`_`7




M4/@)?BQX-UV34/A=:^


:K?:1/J_A7PW?Z5WWP]_9]^!7
MPF\!_#WX7_#3X/?#3P-\._A.BK\
_!GAKP7X?TKP]X$D^W/JLEWX6TVVL$@T
M;4KK5Y)M9O\`5+)8M1U'69[C5[ZZN-2N)[J3U^B@#\R?C/\`\$TO?[07[2?
MQ/\`B-\7/B/)XR_9=^-?PM^'/A_XJ_L=:A\./!]OHWBKXU?3Q#-J'PV^/EO
M\==

M;P#XIAM/$%EXO2YT_P`2^&XM7TS5M+ANP#]5Z*_








M/M+O;RYL`#]4**_/'3_^JW[M]X;^)'B:X^+?BKPV/A3/\`#FW\4^$?'?P`
M_:.^'7Q6U3XP:QJ/AWX3M\//@OX]^$GAOXN_%^#XF:_I&K:+XN?A+X(\;6

M5IQ-OC4`^HJ***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/



_9TL/V

MPWXD_9'^!&N/H_AGX@^./`GPJT;X/ZK\


MW]HWX.:C\)/AY^S#\:?V'OV3[7X-V'[
7[)_CC]I#XR?`;2+KQOX`T/PQK-A


/\`@J3^VIIW[
_BK]M[PO\`L:_U_9+\)?


M/=






['P5\)?


-
_;Q^
WPGO/AK!^V_\+?`'[..GP^%?V]O%OQN\3V/B;4/
M&/A*W\`_L?ZOX)NO?QP^&VI6,CZTGPY^)WP[\07_C9OOB[PQ'\0=+\ZQT=




^)?B3PG^U'\5HO@M\!/&OPP^#OC+X
Z!\6?C'X.^)?Q





MVD?&LW_!0']I/]H[0])AU+]J']IWP'\2_`GCGPE\$?C=^SO\./BCX+TK]FGX


M:1IFG^'M3OK?Z;_97_;1^#?[8#_&*R^%EG\2]#U_X!_$2+X5_%?PC\6/ACXP


MP!]:4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?GC\2_V

M^`/#4OQ7^)/AWP1=^+?%MWX5T3Q)XHN=-\

MR&?2H]5EUG3@#Y1_:E_8._:F_:=^
^F6OBSXK?LW:W^SSH7[2W[/7[1_PW\9


MQ)^`WB[]EK]E#X7?`'PG^S1^R5\4/^%MZ/\`#;0?BA\*Y=)-]\=?B9_P@]XV

?V=_A_^U
G[3/QD^!WB#Q?



M=076BW]Q/


M!'C^?5==U#P_^M?[
GQOTK]IK]FW]GS]I'0M#U#PQHG[0?P/^$_QOT;PUJUQ



MO@5OVMK;P#9_#[P[\+_`GB/QOK%ROPT^!=EX`TJP/AKQ!XM?5_'\


M[3_%5U+\2?B%/\2]:\(W_@+X9-9_M-_LT^'I+?PAX9TW3_$7BQTU3Q5K=A-X
MD\-QS:79:?J\%\F]^P;_`
%1+3]HKP+X8T_XJ:;X=USXBW'@7]MOXF3_`!7_


M?PA^%_P6\#^$=







M%GB/XH?#K2?B




MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`\

M+6*64:AK6B?#W4-'TEF06R:K?V3WDL-HL\T?RS^TS\$OVKOVCI?BMX-T3Q)\




M[]GWX2?#WX#S:7X*^

MX/U?[




M^&VF?%CX

MC]E7QS#XYU34OB'X;3Q;(]SH5G+\)/ASX4OH-.TKPGJESX8^(7CFWAU+7H[N

M*OX)_M*^









/#/[*OQ:_;\,:O<W?[-GB^





&


MKK2Y_PR[YG:XM@#X]^7_!#J#X'_MG:A\;M!U3]B;7/@A)^U1XV_:VTB+QG

M@7X
?+]GOX9ZU\.[#X(_#WP]XWUSPOXC\2?$S]J'P7X%U_P1H=C#XBO=^



MI'Q.TSX;:O\`!_XQZ=$_Q_\`@;^RIXL\;/XW_8]O=`\`_M'_`!UG^'6D:;\(


MIX=TGQ5/8ZUI_@+XR?%7PZWQ#T?PUXNU2:[\/:!XBA\-ZKK%S]AFN@#[_HK\

\32W_`(:C


MZ\_'3QKX;U;P/HU]%XJTF^U/X7K\3+#7]9^(OPMUG2O$1\,V_BV]T#UOQQ_
MP4B\^#_`-L:7]C#3/@G\8_'GCG2[_X*67BKQ7X:\1?LW:%H7A2Q^.6H/9Z#
MXSF\%_%#]H#X=_&KQC\-O\2%O&OCOX6_SQ]I.GZLEUX/T5=?\`&NF:MX=L

M@G^SU^Q7^TM\:?%^E^(_A






M
/@/XS_`7Q-J^@ZS/J?B_4O#WBW2/!/QBTSQ1K&D/))-\=/$W@VRUVZT+P%H
M-G:_I)0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%?FY_P5`^/O[7'[.7[.FM_$G]E+X??
MGQ#/X;LKCQ'\2_B#\5?'.HZ+!\-/&BZ_X22[?PE\.]+\%^))?BGXP\4:/J
M/B*ST;3-2\1^`O#^@3Z8NJ:MKE\TEGHU[^D=`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%

M?$_A?X):+X?U:;P08_$'BVZUS3.__9[_`&O_`-N7X_\`[)W_``2_6U^*'P:\
M&?M`?M;_`!*^/F@?'+XP3_2_P#''A'3-`^/AO]H/7I;7X:?#1/$WPY3[1X

_C+Q'J/A*SNU\4ZSXLN









?$K]E'PU\3_VGOAI^T/K^I:5=:1X1_9C_:



MC;1_V








OCN?C=9?$^^U.0_M+?M/?M'M

M1UK3['Q&GS?XS_X(\Z'X^\.Z+X#\1?'[5I?AU??L]_MI?L\_%+PHGPH\&:D/






M#O\`:*\1:SX[^%/@'X2?$?\`X*#^%OC)\
O@OXG^!_Q\^&OQMTW]CKX#S?$W
+/@YK6M^)O$7V;Q7<ZQX7T;48(OI_]

OV7]*L/V$/V8_CAHWP#\2^.OAC\3+*RU+XH

U?X=VUQHFE36-Q%







M_BAI/Q(TK]JC4=*?P=\6?VB?B-X-L_A_^S#^SC\-O$NOZ-^T5X8\8^&_$?@_

M:E\;_A1(GQM^$G[




G[9'P%^&7[7T7[2'P_^)5KXW^(G[&;_`!43QBT'


M3`U/]F?XQ?LD_%'P1^TAJ.N:=^SS\)?VP?@U\1_#GBCX-?#[3[CXS^$OVL/C




MK^%/$FH:KJ6HQM?Q:1XEAL-+_LW4='M]:F_=.B@#\POA)_P2W^%OP?\`VU_%


N=&\6^-?AS#+HEL+#Q`_]

M\7^$_A_=^



M\:@'U%1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'Y2)_P2YB\-?LZ_

MZ-HOA/\`9FT;X%_MH_M:_L_^



MTBYTK]B:*`/S*U__`()\ZOXX\$^-/V;_`!+\:_&7AO\`93\+^`/V$M
_9)T[



,=/^.3
MZ=9^(/@[XH\%Z-\(]`\(:=XMU/3O$\.LZJFG_I]_P4!^(?Q8;XA?L,?LK?C

M?X\\#Z1XG\:Z]\
/#?AB?Q9KWA/Q)_PCOAF\\0MI&BG7[[2M;T(`\NU#_@D;


/VB_!/PK\1?#?QUH&D_!']F/Q%I

M@QX\L?@QXS_9^\(7GQ&L?@/IEUH_AOQ9)XUUG]G/Q;\6?AGXKUC2+QM%\0ZA
M\%?B5\.!?Z+:Z?:E5O8)]2NNI_;T_:Q^*G[
O[6/[-DOA





?\$5_@EX8?1M
B_:





^'??Z<_


M?V3/@Q\5-

`?&7@?

MXE^!FLZCXB\6ZA8^)))[+5]&TV[@_&#4_P!NSXO:YXQ@\3_/]L'_@J+XG^/
M_P`3?^HWQO_`&=_A!\+(_@+\'/#_P#P3IU#PUX4_;L^*/ASPQ\%5^-GQP_9

MJ.F-X=OM(U2VMM'^HOV7OV`]$_9I^+WBKXY:G^TE^TC^T9\1/$WP+^%/[.%M



MNK:YXS\

/&'C7P1X





MO8[G1/V#/CPWQY^&4\UUXE\
:[?2:KXGUF+3_#_C*^6XC^U:/8_:;**UU:[N
MKV277?\`@E1\#F^%_P`#?`NFZGXW\2_\




MOQTFU_\`:


M[Q#X
_:)_9W^/GAG6O&OAO0H+O3?`?B%M


M9UGX8:G\6?#/Q%U$?M


O#GCC0IOB%J7

4@M-*?3M&CTNPO+JWE_&GPB?VG_`-J?]J3P+^P=)^WY^T5\

7C_5OV9?VP_@Y\$_@IH?Q&^
&KZ/X





M_&7]J\17WQ;^&W[0'CSX;Z9\==3\-_#'XJ_';X7^!_#W@+1OBIX^\/\`A;1]








MXU^-GBWXVGXR?M5^$+KQW^U!\
OVP/&/P]^'WQ=TWP;\._$?QM^$NB^&/#O@





M\/:!XB\
^/++7=.749/T[^'/@;2?AA\/?`GPUT&^\1:GH7P\\&^&/`VBZEXP


MUCXRT#4M!N[JWBU06?Y0_P#!/?\`;._;Z?Q/=_+PIXE^'G[0O[5_PU+^TM
+&T_1Y_`GAD6-EX/@L/$GCU/&/B'0M,\%P@']=5%?B=^R!_P4+_:D_;&_
M:2^&/A7PYX_9X^''P.U+]CWX.?M0?$_3=<O?C)XG^
-OJGQ(^(_[0GP;U_P
M?\.M?D\.^!?`VJZ3X7^(GP&OGMO$OB'0-
FUOPAKFC:]INCW2ZH8]
^5/V\?
M^N&GZ-_P4%^%7[)7PT_:3^&GP\/?LQ?M8?L7Z1^U)IOBOQ1X=L?BE^T@?V
MC]7O-+?X.?CP;=7L_B'4OAG\-OWB'PSX\^-_CFPTC=8ZMJGA/P]%/8Z3:^

M77?B'IO@#X1?LR?L]V'A[X^^.?@3ID/C[P%86'Q




M\





M^$GB0^-])\(S:A\$/$7BOPI:Z1X-U?2+SQ3]4_$2+XY_!#_@I9^QYXKTKXT_

M-CGR'!#^W?\(-+_`.$&N_$7]J_QD=(^
Z/K&H^,/''QE
M^-/[-O[77[1OCYO&_P`;]9\?ZSJ^O_SX<:SHNA?#KX<_!BW\(Z5X?T.W\
V
MNNW&M:A::;X*\







M\):K8^-=*'B
CPA.OB&?3P0#MOC[^RW\%_VF?^%:S?%G1O%\VK_!WQK=_$/X



M)_P[\):[\





M%7QC:6WB?Q=K'Q#\1^*=7O\`7((M26^BND64?6WP9^#OPT_9[^$_PZ^!OP:\

-GX-^(_B7P%X




MQ#HNFIX7MKO6VUB4`^ZO$'_!*W]CSQ5\2/&WQ(\0:+\;;]_B'\6?A-\?_%OP

G@3X60ZR/%NDZ_X

M/WACXR?M_M!?$WPQ\(/`'Q?B\

M]=\)M8^


M#S]GG1/'GA[X;VVJVNF?$;XU?&3X^^)(M6U2759&^(?QX^(6N_$_XAW-C-
B
M26NE7OB_Q'JUYINEYDBTNVN$L;9_LT$*)^5?QG_9]A_:I_X*Q?&OX9^+?CQ^


M%'CC0/COX=GT+_@KAI.B_'S6+2#3_$_QMT3]@/\`;;_9F_9L_9^^(=UX@\*H





M$_!+X$:9J_QF^._Q#O(_A\NC:#\
OAQI]SK[V6J:QXTN(;C0_!FKVTP![7^R




MD\/:%K^G?E+\&/V]/VSOVHOVN?\`@ASXC\37&F?!/0/CDO\`P6%\._M(?`O1

M6_[


@BEB_






M`6EQXN2_\+:I=7/C;1?[4^%NE:SX:^&W@V/Q?J?PPT*30M*CT_4O/='_P"
MI?\`P4_:8^$-Q\2_P!D[PI^R)\.?^%0_P#!

M=KGQ&_:8^%MI\&OA)X;^'/QD^%U]X*^&HUW]C[XO:P/B?XEUGXC^(WTOQ5\.

EUKNN^
M(I/


N

MK_C9X:^'_C'PY\






MO@W]HO\`:3\#7'[:\6K?L(?#3PW^RC\





:AXA^#7CGP!XGU&V\.^)[+2_%.EZ1?:S<:/;^*M#\.^)A8'7?#FA
M:AI_T310!\U^'?V3?A!X<^/Q-_9Y:Z^
GC3X8_%_2O&FA^.[7XR_M)?M%_M


M7'BOPCX?^)'PV^+&FZ5;Z]KWATIXW^$OC#2O'G@74I;_`






MCIPTY+S3K2UO))IY/T`HH`^%?CM_P3M_9
M]_:&^.4'[1/C+7OVC_!_Q-/PO\
_!C6M2^`_[6/[27[-MEXN^&?@_P`5^.?&

M)?BYX%^`OPUU?X9^*?!'@O\`9IT'Q7X/^$&E?!'XS_&KX!W/A[P)X\D\+W7C



M'C6(;FZL=#LQK&NQZIN?%?\`X)P?L??&GXX/^T7X]^&_B:3XJZA/\)+CQ=?^

M/V@-)N/#_P`9[_\`:RNM7AU+]I+QP?B!\2M7TGXG_`?]ICX/_$#5O!/B'Q3?
MZMKGBS]G;QWJ'BGX$^*G
&EVGA7PHLL6J:9]._LP?\$E?V4?V=_V:]3_`&?=
M9\+M\5-0^(O[(?@7]BW]H/XDZMJ/BWPUK7QI^#7@KP-XB\!)X??2]'\83Q?#
MC3+[2/&'BO;;_#_4=(U:WFUDWUSX@U+6[.VUE/U`HH`^
O#G_!/_`/95\)?&
/?VIOBAX:\2OXU\<7Y'CW]LN[\
7/Q^\0ZM9:GXAO



MQ^






M'7C6#P]#/#K-Y#JITB.UGUN)+*/5YKY-/LE@TOVE_P!AW]F7]K3X*^%/V?OC
M#\.87^&OP[\2^!?&?PML?`&M:]\*M:^$GBWX9P36/@+Q'\*/$_PXU'PSK_PZ
MU;PMI%U?:!I%QX3O]+%MX=U'4M`5/[)OKFTD^M**`/(_@1\_AC^S5\*//P
M3^#GA^X\




M\+8/VE)M

M^&?Q`_X;\_X*!_#WXF?&7QI\&_C)\0M+\5W/[/O[/W[%\^A_$C0_AC-^TII\
M7AGQ;XB\:_&9)M1\



?[-OAW]FGX6^-_P!J7_@J1^VQ\#Q\






M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

EW\1=?\`@CI/

MAX


?;_`!Q_X)F_L6_M&?%+6OC)\6OA9XCUCQOXLMOAA9^/


?QM'B


M*N=7UK7I].T72H$M=/LI-8\1:CJVN:C]FMT2);G5-2O;MT51).Y`-=C10`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7G'CSX1_#WXFZW\)_$?C?P^=:UOX'_$AOBY
($BT;4]/@U<2_#_`.*7CWPW-I.OQ:KH<MOX
MAFNY-


/



M'P[L8[!A9V&F^#?A9\/O!G@?P_ING06EAI^A^'K&&V$GG2R^S44`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!117!?%+P?KOQ`^'/C3P/X9^(GBSX2:]XK\.ZEH.F?$SP




!OB($O;#QUXL\-6+^-[;PYXBU631HVU^YMH7_,?1_V9/V'/A-^R=_P
M5*^'_PW%^QO\$/%=Q^P;\;]
_:1T+X0?!NY^+_B#]E:/XA_&7]ECX5V7PN\

=`\;7NK6'A3QWX$TW
MPN`?U^6UY:7@F-G=6UV+:YFL[@VT\4X@N[9MEQ:S&)G$5S`_R30/MEB;Y753

M)\-/`'P:^


M`-E?QC\0?@'\*?'GQA^-^M:UX3^'GPO\-^!O@E\8_C[#H/B+QMK=MI=]\2_'



)_#MA8^(=(N[W7_#=[#)<6?B'1;6WO))]5T.[@AFGMM6L4GL)
MX8I)(KAT1F'\77[-OPC7]B7]F?\`:#_9%_9GMOVK[XF?MG_`/!
'X27/@C]

MQ\2O#_AKX+Z5I6J:1XTCU'P78MX:M+N_^\;3]E[]A[2/V^?AC^SS^Q]\+-(\
M2_'S]GS]I+X#?&3]JS]M?XBZSX6O_'/P`\)_#KX5^&M!^'/[(?P\^+/B&.V^



M$*W


C=

M/Q)UYO%7Q$\8Q^$_VPOBOX?B\3^._$S6UD?$'C#78M.34_$FM?8K-=3UBYO+

$XOVN=0^(OQD^&(G_:





=2_X

M:=X.^`/_``4C_9














M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!117'?$/PUKGC+P)XP\)^&/'GB/X6^


MXE\-:WH\\T*QWVG7$+

M[2/P%^(FN_M1?'#Q1X6@^*O@+0_$7[3_`(KU#3_CCXV^$'AWP_X@\0^'?&/B

MA#X4#]F;]HGXD_K7_#?@GXJ^-/B3\#?5IH7@_P!XXB3X.^)/BE;V'B[P?\

-/D7X=ZZS:=\*?$
7BOP1X?N1X1\/Z(L0!^HM%?RN?`SXM?M'?L%_
M#ZUU0_#SX5_\%&_VCOB/_P`$[_&GQO\`@OX^_8L^)_[07[0^M?$[Q%HW[0/P


MM;GR?B%'X0\864GCCQ)_9/BSPIJFF07RZ?;6-O%^J=`!1110`4444`%%%%`'















M:(E8R0^=&\7F*OF(R949K^-/\`9E^&6M?M?_LD?\$J_@WX/^
?P#\'R_!#
M]G[]LO5K'X#_`/!27]GCQKXZN/VG;?PGXL\._#;2?C)'X0T#XI?##5M(T/X;



/_P!KW]ACX<_$R\\67OB;2/`-




LGQM'XVO_A'\.+GX@7/B'2=0L;L
M^+D\27'A]_$<VLZ;JD^F7)U];UKZSU:QF-W'<26['^5XUSX!_#O1/GA[_
M`()E:A\K/0_C[_P1,@^#?BCQ?\`J/P[IE_XC_:#_:._:&^`7[+7[(WQ`^)






M'1K?6_'?Q%\2ZEXR\=^



MN^+_`!AKLMQK/B?Q/K*Z:-3U[7=5GGO]4U2ZNKRZFEFE=V_';_@HSXI_:6^.
M?[9'[3'[5W[/W[*/Q*_:/\
_\$N-4^!W@_\`9Q^

MXD\/?M'?\%!+35K'XD?$#0?&OC*+QS\)K_PK^S-XJ3PAX







M5?#_`



MP]




M5+#0[);HV&@?97_!1/Q]\6O@M\6/VS_C)\!_$/@;X8?%_P`)?\$S_@[J'@3X


MW9:/IM[8V\VO`'ZDZ=^QU^R9HWPPUKX)Z+^S-\!=%^$'B2X\+W?B+X9:-\)?



MM/$&F1W



M_$_@SQ-;VG@=/#6K^'--\6?#K1]:T;4M&L=$U234;34?#6LWVK:9-/9K\KZ+

M)_[3OP^_8PC_`&(_VK/$&B^(O''QGE\%:YXZ^-O@_5/B-KGC3]G_P/]E)I




M$+]D'X)_M(_#R'Q'X^URX\:7'Q

M?P/\







E^
+OP!X2L?B!H?A/Q7I]WIOA7Q%X3
MU3P[XWTNZ\-^&&T)K6U`/T?^G[+'[*'PUOQ=XB_9W_`&?/@)\'?$'B=TTK




MM(D\.^#/#4^E^'/#&D6NC^%?[.T/5O#FEZ;X?FL[S0DCL#^+'B7Q#^R!?_LL


M








M``E\5_#3P-8^+2FGVL?P\TWQ'X?U'PWX=M?$O]L1Z?;+X=BM(M874XK.+[0M






M9^#O`6KZ9-=Z=)8_'_1;E;**RBFNHP#^D.BBB@`HHHH`*YGQGX*\&_$?PGXA

M!C]F?X6_#KP#?^
/'GAKQ!\

]'UWPYIEEIFA
M7][X:L;KPWXL\16EY;7$WA^QET35KQM

M7Q3^S*-3\?Z3_P`%7OA%\0]`^#
GQ%\._P#!01?VY?$_P#_:E^+/Q4\7?M-:
M5XWFNO''B[X^$_BG^SS9Z)\)?`UU;?#_P`,^OB7X]\`Z_\
X[OP=J'A0WH

?&\/P_P#`GPMTBQL?&_@G




W[(7Q%^
M

K.P^+^DW
SZC\4M6LDTS1KBQ^M_%/PT_










U7QOXU\2^*+?P)I6




!_B#_8VHZ+XY
M\/6&BCQ3I;@`']1$W[+7[



DO@Z)/`#?%#X+ZO\`?!_B:7X':KX+^-I\;1_$CQ3K








MO[[PWKMM?ZA/%JNA7ESI-ZL]C/)`WX/_`!W\&_MD?#'Q;X4_9U^(W_!2?XI_
M%F/X?_M8?\$J?BYI/Q4\0?![]F[P=XLCT_X^_'GX_?#CQE\*O%47AKX?6FB:

Z]8ZEJ^NZ]X)U?P+J]GXOUH


M

/Q5\
ZE_P3@^&'C[0XYO`GP*G\
?!;X/:

_B=XTTQY=0TJ+PMX-CO'T;T;4/^



MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K@OB?\+?AO\:_`7B3X6_%WP-X7^)/PX\86D-AX

ZG\?Y]/\`?##X9^-+/PEJFH^(;.\\8726




GZC?


MZ3X'6G@VU^'&I7+WT]GJ^HZ




M;3O/US0?M%YJ&BV]EYEU-8Q0;?R/^-?B+]BGX7_LZ?M

OC/5



MB_3]$DT5K!=
N-$N7^)7B*'48M3N;[0AH26UII]AIUO/K



M?B?X1\%_!/XL?LD^#OB'H7[&7QJ\/?%CQ$VB6]IJGP8T



M`?!FI^-O!?CSQK\%Y)&\=ZCIGQ&^GO\`@EG8^%O#NF_\$6O%_A?PS::7\1_%



M

M_H?Q7_93C_89L_@%\%-9\?7_`(:^)/[/:?`*W^#_`
)?$.O:;;VWQ1O=#\8_


&H:)^T1X2;PK:_LMS_M$_




MQA\;X-'\?_$CX4VWB#XCZQ\=?BKXM^.ZZI\0?V//AGIFJ^*])^-_B_Q3KWQ'




MAH%U\



M^-?VAOVP_P#@F/-\?_VQCX[_`&OYO'O_``4:G_:1_8=BU#X!36_[*?B'P+X8





-KK&AZQJEYIFIV\44-[:SQQJH_FR_P


M&N?%VG?V;X8L-


M%3Q=X;^#%[\
;7Q?XN32CXGN_BI=6GPYOO#_`(FP_$G_``5K_:9\#_$C]@Q?


1




U[^R?/CI_?CG7M&GOIM&\006H!^U6E
M_MR?\$\9+CXOC1?VPOV


M_9C_`&@_V7_CU:^'?#


M%:IX?_8Q_:F\'?MEZ5XW_P=^L?#'XI?L:^.-'^//A?XD6WPR^)'QKU[P;=
M3_M(:+\=KW7O&&KVOA76]/G\0:CJ.D:9XVTJ9++7O^$=OOU&_P5'[&?PG_
M`&XOV!/VA_VA_P!H'X:Z_P##R;_@K!\?Q\=O'7@;P)'K/[/?B#P[^SI\!/BM



XL+










M6?X5_'+P-_P4&_;-_99^'^MZS_P3WT#]H#_@@EX@^)WBWPW\&?'FG_#KQWX'

M:`/[A?'_`.W9_P`$\$_9^\

MK_[QIXLM+NZBE\.^'M6O-6O-%U_Q/H=UIFJ2:QHFGFZUCPV-$UNZUBTTZ+0
M]5EL]SX=_/X.?%#]HC0?^@/P\^+8^*ND:]^RQI/[/WP;3P3XUTCQ;\]'^
M'^K?$V_^)WC_`




MWP+XP\/W/A;Q)H?PC^

M:P`:8#[1



M5$DWDQDI%YC-Y:$JF%.*GHH`****`
;3_#OA_2=3U[6M*T+1M
UCQ5=V5_XG
MU;3]

M0Q)LT44`5386)ODU


M&V

$&
MH2:8MR+*2]ABNF@
\:2#8HH`YZW\(^$[36K_`




\U_H$&JK=


MKZS=[:Z
L#


M9\+ZOX+U#Q%IUG;7MOIUUJ
GAC7M8TF75;2_6RBOYY[
M%+:[*W^L44`
6-$












\2GQ-J\WAB^\*Z5&]U!;?./QX\1?\+J_:1^

M`



MM[J[M+B.6UNX(+F&6)/YOO?CS2OA1^TR/^BGB/X-_&FU_8_\=_\`!0/]

^(/A



+_A`_7B@6$FF

WV@^(M+TO5H;:YL


M0?B[QCXG\6V?QT\=?\%#_?AKX[_``Q_8YN/^FW[

M+7X&^&_'ES;'PG%X-UBT`/Z@**_A=^*FD?'/XC_%#XC^-/CMX&_:SM/V%O%/




MG:+K2?T0_P#!8_\`9O\`AI^T/_P3H_;$@\7?`S0?CG\1?`_[*/[3NM?`#3+S
L6'Q`.NR:7:Z'K/AVS37+&60FUN








MB_\`!%;]DGX1SPZ_\+/BE=?L2Z#X&A'B*RUSPKXD\!^
M2\!WFD6%UJED\%G
MXBT+4M!U2YM[R55MX-5LI+??B7)0![MX`_X*D?L#_%+XB:!\
/`/[1OAGQ


MK/4_[








M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B


\G7T4`%%%%`'
#P
M3X




M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'R-^TE^V)X1_9R\8??X9Q_KX[?'





MECX#U'X5Z5\6--^.=[\3_@Y:?!W4M)USQT?A]H^B:;K5Q\1X_%%_J^IZX%^Q


M/P=^(WPR^&NFZ+\%?$WB_P`#?LT^$O&?BGXU:M\$_`'@'X6?$7Q/K^L:'X*B


M`(;6'C_]H7X0_MJ:'\*_AO\`OQ+I5O\&[2^^)OQO^-MQX-\/?_QCKMGX-T



M:UT_XS?LN_#_`

-1M=730/%L.K
M?E4W_!
[_@H[\0]'\?\`B7Q9\)K?2/%$W[







MN+1]1\:K\/=7O&N;GQ--\/I[CR3X$?LO_M#_`![_`&;OV0/VG_!7[*OAGXP^

_$?PQO?!'B[Q;\*_%'
M@'XJ_`;7_@)H

M#/V;_A]_P4*_X*2_M$Z'\1Y_B!\6)?CCXI\9ZOX]_:\^!/A_X;:A\)]8^!/A






7NC7




M_A_XT\2_$K0O`WAKP78^
(IW^(OQ*\5V7P3^







MR/0=9\7_`!+BUSN-\+6D]UIMCJ7B/[



MORR_:8_X*$?%GX!?$WXR_V'^RUHWQ!_9D_9@TCX&ZG^TC\;KSX_6G@OXB^'
M3\7=8NY?$A^%'P,/PJ\3Z=\2M.^$'P]N?OQ$\9:EXN^
/P@;6+/6]4T#P99






H-*DNAK5AXEUKQOJ'B?]HO5=7@NM$A3_A'?%5K
M\-OV9D\%R6NO2W2W?A?QJFLZ)9!M&O+P`\&^`O\`P4ENOBU\'/VO_C7XM_9+


MX





M


M;ZQX4OOB1XP\+:Z/''PTT_1?!A^T/C?\OCIK'QR\1_'_P!OB/X=:/XVT[]



M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'Q=^

/AQX(L?AY\(/`&

=#\+?#W0XXKK4_'WB!=?ATS[+I7@_
MQ;K&B\/\&O\`@HG\._B=H/@[5_&WPV^)?[.=YJ&K_M1^&_B;I'Q[3PCX0C^#





M'U'Q=IEQX'LTN/$LL-FWYP_%/]EW]M/]IGQ=\1?VCO&?[


M#^&GC3Q+X;^!WPOUN'QAX_\`AU\-?A-9^
/B_ID.I:;HAM-=OKN^`/V#\1?\


M!0?X47]G\?O@S\-_A)\2?BWH-UX+U4Z98?$?2_AF^NVFJVOAO7]2TV:!;6]U


M6E:

7[6?\`



MQN^*'[3/B_Q1^T!X]_9U^/'[

MDDT'2/#?C#Q!XB\8:9X?-QJNG:%;:AIFI?F[!_P2U_X*-^+O!_QMU#XR^*_@





/A[IG
!+[]C;QB_AB[\0_M
M_LS7GP+\%O\`!WPK\8K!;;Q/\
M8L/BW\08K_1]=\)SS(;;Q-878_9VOYN=5
M_P5_[9-EJ6IZ?\//#/[!?@S6_!_P`3_P#@HI\8O`_[7%EX@^*4'[2/QL\2








OAY^S[\

MM/C%\:OB]JGQNG\`W?Q*\`^'-)^*7@KX$:CXT\4^


M1110`5^7/P]_;_\`C#\2]1_;RT[0OV*OCCI'B#]ESP-\.?%_P-^%OCVST;P#




MXQ7_`.RSXK\!ZK^TY\OVH?VD?C3I]W\:_&/[2G[6?Q^!OB_4_BKINK_%:\

MF^





M$O\`:`NK+XO^


M23^$TA6\^H/V9?\`@H-\0OCI^T!^W#\/?'?[+?Q6^!?@;]EGX1?L]?%'P%H7

?M$_!?


]X`9'[#7[76N?MB^?C!XQ\0_`[Q[^SW??#+]H/QW\%X/A]
M\4CI]M\1CI?A70O!OB'2/$7C'0])N=2TWPMK.O:;XOMKM_#=GKOB.PM1;22


MQXLGBMA8^'X-'M/#=Y+-=WTFHV\-OR'[(G_!2CX2?M-^%?B/'XHTBY^#7QG^








M`^)O[._P;^'&GZ_?_%O4_!/PEM_B1X]U'QG\+]7CU#5_%'PV\/V'@_X5WGAS



MN_\`!2#]CK]LKQ3)X)_9_P#B;XDU_P`5O\-K'XR:-H7CGX*?'CX(7_C3X1ZA

OB
M+0UU#X&^+G_!4O\`:=\')_P4I^(?@#]G_P#9N\1_!;_@F3\0-5T+XJ1_$#]H


M)M


M'^%G@V\\):!\;?WP)\4?K6/C9JFG_%WP?=^`/!_P#PEC:3/)J;Z[XSU3PS



X)

M'?#_`




MXG?\$Z&\$65E\'_CE^P3\6?BAH/QTU;PEXVU+PYX'_:6\!?%_P%VB?/1/%
M&O:-K^D:!?:7:ZEXAL/B
_PZV1Z]XRTOP1X@A?48M`@U&SO`#Y=\.?\`!7?X

M









M0-4\2Z\B7$H!U$O_``4A_:=M?$VF?LH7?P

MG?LO7.B6G[*&O?MG2_&JR\5?\(%??$;4]$'PE\.WGAB+P4GARSU*?XE3QZ=_


MM7!UB#P=XT'6=%\^&SJ\L^JW.E^'(



M7\


*?A#\0?'OQ9\6M
MKOPA^%7@?5?`'@SQ/XOA^!7PZEGOO'7Q$\#ZV]EHWQF^+NI:IXG\3Z''HFI7

_@_^U[XSU+]K+Q_\3/`




MQ!=Z%I-G-:V=QJ.J:=\B_MA_L:_MZ_M
Z)\=/AAHWC_]DKP[\&_VOOV+OAW^

M:CX*F\







M'J\6E7MEXO:_\$;_`-HKX'^%_B=\*?V7_C'\*K_P#^U_^Q!^S9^Q=^V%X]^-

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*

?


L_$^NWFBV



_[47@;Q?X5\._LV^)[R3&F


MB^
'A;Q!\&/BGJNL:)^RCJWA3QAX*^#D'Q$UOQYX`^


MX(^'?CE?^'KCQ?9_!G6_BKX&TOXJW'A&TL-4U2Z\5Q_#V]UV#Q:?#%OIVB:O




MXZ;J_BRV^%OBC]G[PGIW@NR^)OPSC\%?&3Q7J'B*+PUI%]KEM/\`9G_!(#]G




M`
#Y?V5_@_K7@+4OC$^D_!_X@^

MMTG5XO&\G]&E`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`'G_`
6/'%[\
OA=\1OB-IO@;QE\3M2\!^!O%?C#3?AM\.]-BU?Q]\0=1\.:



M)J'BVQLTFN9O#UKXE;39=6
5GJ30V:S3G2-86)M+N_P%L_\`@G+^U;=^
/VT






35_%7PSTL3@']-5%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!7Q[^UO^V'X:_917X


MG[0VI:;X8\%_&CP]XR^$GCSX4W^GZ-XYU_PIX]\

:CXH
M\%ZQHLT^C7$


M5_97^

+W4[[4=2M?`OPR^$
M=_-\5?%7@WQ)XDT;P9XMUFQ\



*-<MOAOXBU^..PTN;1=1^(/P^M?#'Q#F\*:EI]IKG@S_`(2I?7B

M!Z\^%6E:KX@U36/'FG7MCJT.IZY\7?#&BVMCIKC4X;RXBF^QW%@U[=Z;4\_
M\%$_@!XETW4K3X@W4_[-_P`4K3XN?$;X':5\OVA_&?P9\*?%'Q9\1?AEI?A
M'7/$%EX.A\%_%+XA^#_%VAIH?C_P-KEQXD\

MXHOVG/V

MM#7O$WB#5;+Q)XW\4^*O&-MX$\97WB3XB:UJ.O:L;JPM9?$



MMC^UQXQTSX?Z+\(3\'[C2?!_Q1\#_%7XY:'\/_&OQ7N?BQJ'A76_V:9=1T[1

M]\):AK5I(DQ\A^-?_!3_`/9/^'OPC_:L\:_[XP?#X[?%#]EW]G[]HKXZWO

S]CC]F;]LQ\??M+_LYCP;^SE;_!;X=_MA_P#!
M,#5_BE\8K_XH?$K3_C#;^-?V/OV#/^6'Q$\5^'OAY\
;?X$:CX
^)_P^\5Z


^*OA3X27PK-KOA6_T_6/











?LUZG\'/VF]*^''P_
&IOA[8^()O%]MKO@_3?#FO7W
MB?2KG1H;W0K32;Z?4X;:.W=A^-UE^Q1^W_\`%;4_B9XL^-'P9_9O^%.IR_LY






M`(2?#Z7PW!X]^*7P&^+_`

_:(\(ZOX

%*='^'?[*?


M8)\=?MX^+OAS\1/`^A_3P%\?O$/Q;^#EW:Z3JOQ-\(^/?V7?$GQ^'_`
;?




_9K^/DW[



M?M-)^REHW[)NG_&BW;P!JGCFX^!U[^T[%X_7]I;Q-\




M+Q/K'@;X:ZWXKTKP!X%O?WA3Q7KG@3PQJWB?4M'O\`7;W2;274#&`#ZXHH




__`(*1M^SC\)O@;X8O/V6/$'P\^(G[17[7

M/`





?V@/@MH/[GPG_`.B?[1GC:^^+/P^^'/B;X(_`#XVV/Q!UCP%X7T;X?6L

M[#G_``4S^.H?+]IKX0^*_V4O$G[4/B?2?VQ+_]J#X-?&'QA\1?#/P%M_$G

M

?\`!
_]FO\`X)Z?M!_$
M_P,OQ-^(?PO\4^$/'?[/G@[XV?#R_::TGP-I'P]^+-MX\T+4/AO\9I=*M_
MA%9^//`MQI4W@GPII-GXBDT\W^IJ`?TE4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444

M?C9\6?B1XGLM%T?P3I7CK7]*UK0_#+V6A#Q'XVU?6-6TZ?3M.\
^$==OKMH(
M+=YX^








M@_PIH_\`P1H^-GAS3_V=/!M]J_P4^*O@OP_^S!_P3?\`V??C_B'XW_M@_&


MJOC_`%'QYKNI^






MOAOXG?L)_#S]F+PMI_B^3QA::WIWQ&\

M?#]AHFCC3K:77;;Q

$R_P!J'XS_`+5Q_:4^&?CS


M39(_%O@SP_\``:]U:W^-?PZ\61_%?4K3Q/\``KXGQ^#K&YB\*V\]G\0;&Z\?

I(P#]









M&^'WPX\
3



MW6;'4;&)V^&/@M^P)\2/AM^RO_P4%^$6M^*/@?%\0OVX/''Q^^(]GIGP=^'7

D^N^-O'
M?C#5+3P_%+




M%?B9\9/VPK3]E'1/@Y^TO\8O#?PO\%_#W6=/_:J\??![Q;=?'CXTV%OXBT;X

M(TV]FN?T?_8Y^
'C/X^_


MX_&=K/X=T[2I=:O8M*LHK+Q



M.@.E7]QK'BRAFMR?TSK\L_V^_V1?VAOBQ\0OA[\?/V4+7]E#Q)\6=`^%'Q2
M_9R\7^!_VS/_BS6OA7J/PB^


M/&UT?]G#P;\.?V5?'?Q'\:^






M_P#%
_C7XB^

M=
\$?\$R_&G@S]C_`.

M_!)+_@IIX'_8_P#V%OV1_AQ\2/V9/CG\)/A=X5\1^*/VT_A!^U;^T9^UY'X5

M='\6Z9XEU!K/]COV@/V8?CE^TY^SY^R%X5\?ZG\(?!OQC^$'[4'[$/[2WQ;M
















71O\`@BUX\^'O@[X5WO@'X_\`@#7?C7^RU\&/VO_PS%XI\=_OQ?8_



'[7O@K]DGP+I_AW]F[]HOQKXR^/?C#QO^S_`.`OB[H]A\







MJ$/[)US\!O@[X1\0?&;4[[3-F^.?CGP+X,^/WQU^(WQFTKQUH5W+\!_@;^
MS;\:_@MXHL/#GA^TTSX@_$CQXOQ`\*Z;K6C6-AI.K2?(7PU_X*I?M2_$/_@F









.O?L\?$?P[/

^
_@_QL_C/QQI_
MB6UUZU3P9I6FW=7P5^R;\:_@1\8_V
OV?M.E\1?&J'Q[^UY^U5_P4D_;J_:J




M)_C)\/?VA/V7/VH+[Q1\?/''[+_BB/PU\7/@7KK:1I'[5GC7XOI\2=$C\16^



MQ\.^
/$%GINF7_\`PF*VFN:7HNHP7$L?@K44G@2S`(/V;_VAO'?CC]HK]M;]



MB]K?[:O[?O[27Q'\







M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@#XQ_;M^/7Q9^`_P2L&_9U\)^%/'?[3?QB^(_@?X%?LX^$_
M'\'B?X=7GQ1\?7UQ

M$\02:5'+?-OF'7_P#@K;\-OAK^RU^SK^T'\2?@A\?/$OB3XS?KQMXV\9_
M#+]GCP'_`,+BU+X0^+O@9)X8T?\`:



M:/\`AK\3_&OBOXL^!?%WPO\`C5\']3^'GCKX'^
?@Y\
?A5\7_$F@_&#3)]0
._











MK3_V9?$\FG:AX=.LZH?^$D\._:-)B

M9?@CQC^RY\$/C;\
OCEJ?A#P?^RE#X




^.H_&G
MQ)J/A+2M\.Z(-1U^U^)WB#P3=:IXST31KOXTZ-\.;WX/Z9K5]8VMYXS2RO[

M1:*-=\!:IIGC_P-?Q'\/^,/&WB#XB_$R*Q\Q:;K/\`PA]O\)OA-J]QJUSK




MX'?&C0_VRO@/K?PGU*;X










M3Z^#O['W@CPC\



MZ;+J%A'?26JVKWEJLIG3SKXI_'XA?$WQOX0^OB/P?\#O&/[!OB/X`?%#P1


MW&@V6FP3@J^F`'XVZS_P5P_:HN_V;/VN_C1K?P]\-_LZ3V/[5W['/PJ_97B\



\*^*?`WAWQ/)^SY\2_B]\/_``?JFH?#

M^)OBBYT3PI\-OAK\(/VEM$N/#?[2/PC\;7JV_@CX-?$KP;\2/^$]\4?$JZ\.
M^$=0\
ZN?&^AZO;?97@__@G_`.//`_@F[_98O/B!I'Q:_96_:.\
_P#!0WQ'



M/Q=HO@O7/B1XAE\5ZW!-;ZUX@U3XD_$KQ;\1]3O=66XU369YKVWN?%3:8UW-


M46^K.8-&DTN/3XY-375--`/F7_@II^T1\=_V;?@3X$\4?L\^'/$VN^-/&7Q]


M/@WX^V/[









7_!47]ICX'_
M`!E^-?PP^$/PX\)_\(_X

MW\)/A??^)?BK\/+



M=&

\

%?_P#@IQ\2?V0/

MN^#M]XQ\0:?#:?%CXW:9+\6[[PM=Z+HNJ^(8M2^%ECIVE7-@VMS^=^]FCZ1I

M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111


MD\&F^\2:/86NIZEI\7A'Q]X6\=*EI9WLT%K))?R^&(]-

MG\)OCA^R7\/OVF;+XG?&/XH_&GXF:)X+\+Z/:Z)XO&MZAK3'3'M=-U[PIX6T




O@Y=^)OVB

/!GB;PYJO[


M%HLOC#XB^

M)^Q?^S[\
_$O@BY_:Z_:)C_9]L_CIX'E_9S^(NH?#'QC^S_:7-\;G1_AW\7(

'=/TH<MK?\`P2=\


MGBKXJV?@[Q=KOAK0H(O#'A/Q+\3_``CX$T74M?3PEIUAX2AU35KB^\-:38Z-

/VG-

?&











MO[07B'P]\'?/Q3N/C[\88OCU^U1\$_#GPNA\?$B]NI?A[\&KIOV-O'/BGX
M@:AX/U]O&UO??$'PWX6TKQ3IECI[W6M_HD__``2!\(:!8?#[Q'\+/VO/VL_A


MB?@3PG\+?CW^U5\`1X7_`&3/%/[%7C7Q5\+?$_P4U7X@_'+X%^-_%]U\0?%M
MA\6O'WQC^`WQ9\5/XKUGQYK/C#Q?%XQ^'&J?#G7/#^M^/O&L_A2XT&#6S;P`


MUGPGX3G\6:???#'1=-\):Y%?Z[J-B_\`03X8\-:%X

M#TGPUX=TBU



MOVB_/[5/PT\'_M'_M5?M._'3X+_`!=_8+^*?[3-]HG[3/\`P3[T;]F_XA:)
MXP^%.H?`R]AA_9DLO@5\&OOC#]I._\`$WAGX@?$G7_$OPMTSP'X@\5^$_!W

VC_`+-^H6]UXSNM!_9S\3_LHZ/\





/VP]$^(7@+X
MC?!+]L/6_/[.6E^,/@7??







'[-.JOIGACX6^&]!^U[#\+XKSX*VZWLGA^7

MAL+/2(0#]GJ***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

MWV+7-$UF:;09-

M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BO#/VD_CMIW[-/P6\8_&K5/A]\2OBI9^$)/#
M%N?`'PATOPUK'Q#\177BSQAX?\%V$.@V?C+Q7X&\*)'97_B*VU/6]1\0^+O#

_!B74;.XTB

MUF7P'^T9\9?#7ASX:_`7Q5X:U7XB^(_@?&`?H3_P3\_:!\?_`+2'[+_A'QC\






MX=^!=6\8:1K7[;WQ-U3PSXK\/:M9:Y_8L]G)^SY\')-
T#PU8ZVZ^*OB7XU\

M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`


SLKC45M;XZ?!=7QP2WHL;PVL<C3BUN#'Y+_GI
M^R1^R)XNL_!?Q\\??MRZ-\+_`(J?M$?MBZ_K,OQ\\+V<MS\3_@SX9^VG7&O


?M<_?]B'X/-\??CI%XNL_A%I7C7P)X1\<^








M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`OD'XT?LA^'_'WQ)L/VA?A/XQU7]GK]
MJ+2/#9\')\:?!.BZ)K$7CSP3'/\`;;+X=?';P'K


WA/


M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HKX(^,O_``43^#?PL^.,_PS)X-\`_'W
M]IG]H72-(TGQ!XV^%?[



_LZ_';P/^T_\!_@_^T7\



M_P!G?XG_``

MT6'Q5K]WXF^'OPX^'?@J;7K;PP/'GQ8^
'C_`
-?KX5^O[?N;+5!HMOXD\

/#^FZEK

*KS3-1LM/TOS'Q)_P4&^'.I_%OX@?L]?LV_#KXI_M<_'#
MX5W-QHWQ3T7X-Z-I6G?KX.^*/L=G<67AGXP?M$?$?6/!?P7\
^)0^H6\FM?

M4I;KPEH'CC6_B3X%T372]ZNB6I\;7?@3X::UKUBT*Z;/K4T7@G19+6YFU#3]





6BV?PO\`A_\`

M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/RDA^+OPG_9=_;M_;`M/&?C#1/AE\




Z#86VE:'X=\.:!I]OI6B:%HNE

MR_8B^


MNJ7\UMK=GXV^+_Q`^%&BKJ5K??LGVJW@!_2/1110!\/?MJ_&GQQX=T/PS^S?

M!^(_CC7O$'C?QQXCNQ')K/BC7M4OE@M89HK6'^?W]DGQE^U-^T?\0?CE\3/@




MZ^&_[-7P)T3Q!\/_`!+\9X]4N=/C\5_#OX:_&7QAX$U2[\!ZM=:GX+U36M9T

M5INA:#H6FV.C:)HFCV-KIFD:/I&F6L5EINE:5IME%!9:?INGV4$-I8V-I##:








MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/SY^!UY:'_@HO



M_P!G[P/^UKX9\4^`;KQ?X_\`@:^B_'K]MWQ!XMNK[2K+XF^![S]LC]J'XH_'




^#=`^

M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 1.&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt; &lt;b&gt;Organization, Business Operations and Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;, &amp;#8220;we&amp;#8221;, &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on August 27, 2009. We are a development stage company. Our principal focus is to use our intellectual property in forage and animal sciences to improve agricultural yields. To date, we have not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement our business plan.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;We were formed as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. (&amp;#8220;Triplecrown&amp;#8221;), a blank check company. CAT Merger Sub, Inc. (&amp;#8220;Merger Sub&amp;#8221;), a Georgia corporation, was incorporated as our wholly-owned subsidiary on August 31, 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown to complete a business combination (the &amp;#8220;Merger&amp;#8221;) with Cullen Agricultural Technologies, Inc. (&amp;#8220;Cullen Agritech&amp;#8221;), as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &amp;#8220;Merger Agreement&amp;#8221;), dated as of September 4, 2009, as amended, among Triplecrown, the Company, Merger Sub, Cullen Agritech and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Cullen Holdings&amp;#8221;). Cullen Agritech was formed on June 3, 2009. Cullen Agritech&amp;#8217;s primary operations are conducted through Natural Dairy Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cullen Agritech. Cullen Holdings is an entity controlled by Eric J. Watson, our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and, prior to the Merger, was the holder of all of the outstanding common stock of Cullen Agritech.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Pursuant to the Merger, (i) Triplecrown merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation and (ii) Merger Sub merged with and into Cullen Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As a result of the Merger, the former security holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became the security holders of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Thus, the Company became a holding company, operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Cullen Agritech.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Merger was consummated on October 22, 2009.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Cullen Agritech, including its wholly owned subsidiary, Natural Dairy. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid short-term investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. These investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company held no cash equivalents at December 31, 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company maintains its cash in institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#8220;FDIC&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;Beginning December 31, 2010 through December 31, 2012, all noninterest-bearing transaction accounts are fully insured, regardless of the balance of the account, at all FDIC-insured institutions. This unlimited insurance coverage is separate from, and in addition to, the insurance coverage provided to the depositor&amp;#8217;s other accounts held by a FDIC-insured institution, which are insured for balances up to $250,000 per depositor until December 31, 2013. At December 31, 2012, &lt;font style=color: black;&gt;the amounts held in banks exceeded the insured limit. The Company has not incurred losses related to these deposits. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. The Company charges repairs and maintenance items to expense, while major improvements and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Depreciation and amortization is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives of the assets:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 49%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 41%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 &amp;#8211; 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Transportation equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Land improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company accounts for its long-lived assets in accordance with&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) 360 &amp;#8220;Plant, Property and Equipment,&amp;#8221; for purposes of determining and measuring impairment of its long-lived assets other than goodwill. The Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to review the value assigned to its long lived assets to determine if they have been permanently impaired by adverse conditions which may affect the Company whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If the Company identifies a permanent impairment such that the carrying amount of the Company&amp;#8217;s long lived assets is not recoverable using the sum of an undiscounted cash flow projection, the impaired asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value, based on an estimate of future discounted cash flows which becomes the new cost basis for the impaired asset.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate undiscounted future operating cash flows and fair values and, accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from such estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 260, &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 260&amp;#8221;). In accordance with ASC 260, earnings per common share amounts (&amp;#8220;Basic EPS&amp;#8221;) are computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Earnings per common share amounts, assuming dilution (&amp;#8220;Diluted EPS&amp;#8221;), gives effect to dilutive options, warrants, and other potential common stock outstanding during the period. ASC 260 requires the presentation of both Basic EPS and Diluted EPS on the face of the statements of operations. The effect of the Merger has been given retroactive application in the EPS calculation. At December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, there were 74,000,000 warrants outstanding that were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS because the effects of these securities would have been anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Basic earnings per share is calculated using the average number of common shares outstanding and diluted earnings per share is computed on the basis of the average number of common shares outstanding plus the effect of outstanding warrants using the &amp;#8220;treasury stock method.&amp;#8221;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740). ASC 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and establishes for all entities a minimum threshold for financial statement recognition of the benefit of tax positions, and requires certain expanded disclosures. The provision for income taxes is based upon income or loss after adjustment for those permanent items that are not considered in the determination of taxable income. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of the Company's assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company evaluates the recoverability of deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In management's opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company has identified its federal tax return and its state tax return in Georgia as major tax jurisdictions. Based on the Company's evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company's consolidated financial statements. The evaluation was performed for tax years of 2009 through 2012 which are open for tax authority review. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material change to its financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with tax audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There were no amounts accrued for penalties and interest for years ended December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011 or the period from June 3, 2009 (inception) through December 31, 2012.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company does not expect its uncertain tax position to change during the next twelve months.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 2 &amp;#8211; Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;At December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, property and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31,&amp;#160;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 70%;&gt;Land&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;1,204,288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;66,099&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;154,229&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;154,229&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Website&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,328&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,328&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Land improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;- -&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;- -&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;157,557&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,427,944&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;65,696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;53,132&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Property and equipment, net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;91,861&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1,374,812&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 3.&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt; &lt;b&gt;Receivable from Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Hart Acquisitions LLC&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, Hart incurred combined costs of $0 and $88,634, respectively, related to the operations of Cullen Agritech and Natural Dairy.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These costs consisted of property related expenses of $52,234, and employee related expenses of $36,400 for the year ended December 31, 2011. During the year ended December 31, 2011, Hart funded part of the operations of both Cullen Agritech and Natural Dairy and incurred costs of a combined total of $27,428, which consisted of property related expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On November 9, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement with Hart, a related party, for the sale of all 342 of the Company&amp;#8217;s cattle for $436,950. The sale closed on December 9, 2011 and the Company receieved $420,534 for the sale of the cattle due to certain adjustments made to pursuant to the terms of the agreement.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;At December 31, 2012 the amount due from Hart was $1,871. At December 31, 2011 the amount due from Hart was $4,668.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd.&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 4.&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt; &lt;b&gt;Other Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On March 5, 2012, the Company entered into a Sales Contract (&amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Patrick and Sherry Farrell (collectively, &amp;#8220;Farrell&amp;#8221;) to sell to Farrell approximately 1,035 acres of the Company&amp;#8217;s remaining land for approximately $1,524,000. On May 15, 2012, the closing of the sale took place and the Company recognized a gain of $212,887 which is included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. In conjunction with the Agreement, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Farrell to lease the 1,035 acres through the closing date for $76,000 which the Company recognized as rental income during the year ended December 31, 2012 which is included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On March 1, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement with Hart Acquisitions LLC (&amp;#8220;Hart&amp;#8221;), an affiliate of one of the Company&amp;#8217;s directors, for the lease of 120 acres of the Company&amp;#8217;s property, from January 1, 2011 through August 31, 2011. This area of land consists of 100 irrigated acres and 20 non irrigated acres. The agreement called for Hart to pay, in advance, $117 per acre of irrigated land and $33 per acre of non irrigated land. The Company has recorded $12,360 of rental income from this lease for the year ended December 31, 2011, which is included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On April 29, 2011, the Company entered into a Sales Contract (&amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Wilbert Roller, Jr. to sell approximately 1,035 acres of land for approximately $1,625,000, of which $100,000 was paid on signing with the balance due on closing of the transaction by December 31, 2011. In conjunction with the Agreement the buyer leased the 1,035 acres through December 31, 2011. The Company recognized $50,000 as rental income during the year ended December 31, 2011 which is included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also recorded interest income related to this sales contract of $62,671 during the year ended December 31, 2011, which is included in other income (expense), net.&amp;#160;Since the closing of the land did not occur, the Company recorded a $100,000 gain related to the forfeited deposit, which is included in other income (expense), net during the year ended December 31, 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On July 8, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement with Mims Farms to lease 79 acres of the Company&amp;#8217;s property from July 8, 2011 through December 31, 2011. During July 2011, the Company received $3,800 for the lease of this land, which was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2011 and is included in other income (expense), net. The Company also entered into a sales contract for these 79 acres, which was terminated by Mims Farm. As a result of the termination, the Company received $5,000, which was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2011 and is included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On November 22, 2011, the Company entered into a sales contract with Mims Farm to which the Company sold these 79 acres of land for approximately $115,000. The Company estimates the original purchase price for this land to be $110,174. After taking into account closing costs and broker commissions, the Company recorded a loss from the sale of this property of $3,071, which is included in loss on sale of land and equipment, net during the year ended December 31, 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On August 2, 2010, the Company entered into a Beef Grazing Agreement (&amp;#8220;Grazing Agreement&amp;#8221;) with FPL Foods LLC (&amp;#8220;FPL&amp;#8221;) pursuant to which the Company grazed FPL&amp;#8217;s cattle on land leased and owned by the Company from August 1, 2010 through January 15, 2011.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company and FPL subsequently agreed that cattle would be returned to FPL and the Company and FPL would be released of their obligations. The Company recorded a loss related to the Grazing Agreement of $30,318, which is included in other income (expense), net during year ended December 31, 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In October 2010, the Company entered into an agreement with Landee Acres, LLC (&amp;#8220;Landee&amp;#8221;), pursuant to which which Landee was obligated to purchase approximately 500 acres of land for approximately $1.49 million. On August 5, 2011 the sale of this land was completed. The Company estimates the original purchase price for this land to be $1,450,306 and has recorded a loss from the sale of this property of $50,681 which is included in loss on sale of land and equipment, net during the year ended December 31, 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company also recorded a loss related to calf deaths of $13,749 which is included in other income (expense), net during the year ended December 31, 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 5.&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note Payable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 6.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Stockholders&amp;#8217; Equity &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 7 &amp;#8211; 2009 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 8 &amp;#8211; Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The components of the income tax provision are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;For the year ended&lt;br  /&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;For the year ended&lt;br  /&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;For the period from&lt;br  /&gt;June 3, 2009&lt;br  /&gt;(inception) through&lt;br  /&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; width: 61%;&gt;State&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1,198&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;3,357&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;6,165&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Total current&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,198&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,357&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6,165&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(11,192&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;84,024&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,537,689&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;State&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,303&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;9,787&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(179,094&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(12,495&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;93,811&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,716,783&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;12,495&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(93,811&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,716,783&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Total deferred&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1,198&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;3,357&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;6,165&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Deferred income taxes, if applicable, are provided for the differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and income tax purposes.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;For the year&lt;br  /&gt;ended&lt;br  /&gt;December 31,&lt;br  /&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;For the year &lt;br  /&gt;ended&lt;br  /&gt;December 31,&lt;br  /&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Legal settlement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt; width: 74%;&gt;Impairment loss&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;365,620&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;365,620&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Loss on sale of fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;18,802&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,390,724&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,348,127&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.25in;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,756,344&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,732,549&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(39,560&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(28,261&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.25in;&gt;Total deferred tax liability&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(39,560&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(28,261&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,716,784&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,704,288&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: transparent; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company has an estimated net operating loss carry forward of $3,583,864 and $3,551,441 respectively, which begin to expire starting in 2029.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If realized, it would have an estimated tax benefit of approximately $1,390,724. Company has determined that the deferred tax asset has no value at this time, as the Company does not believe it will utilize these losses in the future, and accordingly has recorded a valuation allowance of 100% of the deferred tax asset.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;As of December 31, 2012, the valuation allowance has increased by $12,495.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes with the amounts computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax to income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 9.&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;, &amp;#8220;we&amp;#8221;, &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on August 27, 2009. We are a development stage company. Our principal focus is to use our intellectual property in forage and animal sciences to improve agricultural yields. To date, we have not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement our business plan.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;We were formed as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. (&amp;#8220;Triplecrown&amp;#8221;), a blank check company. CAT Merger Sub, Inc. (&amp;#8220;Merger Sub&amp;#8221;), a Georgia corporation, was incorporated as our wholly-owned subsidiary on August 31, 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown to complete a business combination (the &amp;#8220;Merger&amp;#8221;) with Cullen Agricultural Technologies, Inc. (&amp;#8220;Cullen Agritech&amp;#8221;), as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &amp;#8220;Merger Agreement&amp;#8221;), dated as of September 4, 2009, as amended, among Triplecrown, the Company, Merger Sub, Cullen Agritech and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Cullen Holdings&amp;#8221;). Cullen Agritech was formed on June 3, 2009. Cullen Agritech&amp;#8217;s primary operations are conducted through Natural Dairy Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cullen Agritech. Cullen Holdings is an entity controlled by Eric J. Watson, our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and, prior to the Merger, was the holder of all of the outstanding common stock of Cullen Agritech.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid short-term investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. These investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company held no cash equivalents at December 31, 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. The Company charges repairs and maintenance items to expense, while major improvements and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Depreciation and amortization is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives of the assets:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 260, &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 260&amp;#8221;). In accordance with ASC 260, earnings per common share amounts (&amp;#8220;Basic EPS&amp;#8221;) are computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Earnings per common share amounts, assuming dilution (&amp;#8220;Diluted EPS&amp;#8221;), gives effect to dilutive options, warrants, and other potential common stock outstanding during the period. ASC 260 requires the presentation of both Basic EPS and Diluted EPS on the face of the statements of operations. The effect of the Merger has been given retroactive application in the EPS calculation. At December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, there were 74,000,000 warrants outstanding that were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS because the effects of these securities would have been anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740). ASC 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and establishes for all entities a minimum threshold for financial statement recognition of the benefit of tax positions, and requires certain expanded disclosures. The provision for income taxes is based upon income or loss after adjustment for those permanent items that are not considered in the determination of taxable income. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of the Company''s assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company evaluates the recoverability of deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In management''s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company has identified its federal tax return and its state tax return in Georgia as major tax jurisdictions. Based on the Company''s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company''s consolidated financial statements. The evaluation was performed for tax years of 2009&amp;#160;through 2012 which are open for tax authority review. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material change to its financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Depreciation and amortization is provided on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives of the assets:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 54%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 46%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 &amp;#8211; 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Transportation equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Land improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;At December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, property and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The components of the income tax provision are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes with the amounts computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax to income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_ValuationAllowancePercentageOnDeferredTaxAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_IncreaseInValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_ContractualPriceOfAssetsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'






S(H7QH+5'$!7T$!_;T1^'*


HAK)&_
P*N#K]7<M[')1D5HJ`WLNW):YVA'3S&FIT59'#QXA;8S^]?**..0E1@

'A

MXGWL`6$X7?P-!^0)]H=(B+E-

M!?0'%

'7




9FH]QN6PU[PJ(6HU4
M+*_$%9`*9D^4FQSC;IPPL8







MRGTEN;K1^IZ[KTQG5[3+4ZX.
&RQ?&DS*2E2%\5N8Q1[9ZRG.RW9&4$W1+=O
MB-YG4UD



MJZ3A16`JE\^WIO+=R8YFTO!&CX2T2J$?(QB/3'NHU#1K^Z38;O]O._M_F]'W
M\JW_+=O-JWFI?-.;H*(V/S4DMTIL*=N1XT



M9?FV[9/75&NGK+.]4ZW.



M.W[VCUY/^





)[VH0M0


!
M05&9$12M0H+B^R.Z108*]*?#BRA(FBK*YOIDJ
]F%)'112467&UNBLE(F!=)

M



LUB

-O7IT7%HUN(ND*-&%E4N*`H
P=59T&QD-2U[SG\?
22
++(
M\





M[%T*J/($5\$F.8+CZ_3P=$L1#2E[OSW/R]3!5&64X(*I`;=7`5BY=VG
[ZV/




M:A

W10%-M)I
M+10GB_94O++29*
)PIO
26J
B[*123%H=\&/[.:$UQ@/9;[6TN@L97YD-VEW
MW'A@'ZF6LO!R:?\&X.@)




MD

)HY#


+KU$T([:FB56&T%8Q63P@9MSIT!H6-^(&V&U`M2Q]^93U'@N(
@X!-DON3_UYZ
MB4U\!NZ@[R.2AEJ_^\JFKIGI-)4RHOPQ
AR





MY
!0^MUWL/[/HH#2'WHV9[#=Z*<
M,V14(-TLZK4&XV@9NW&HF88]&EW3O#G^6$W0RI=MGCR3&&]E:!M`0
M:9

MB7.PEX

MZQ$N
WF='V%6R]:D:K3)A^BQT=\@LI4P^X

M/0*\



M?Z%Z\P:3!V$S7'=S6R0]8A24]MPJ[/2Y*#_;HC/C];CV%Y(
YP_`V&=%O!

M+V(6);+=UTN#@G

&/0@`0'+X[^&$4OB

MO/L/21??8N?Y*6C^WA]7U:7C\*\]N`A
7'3`3;&PB4+(2%
(2Y-!8-Q[\F




(T3/A@


MQ



ML










M5#&]E\1E6F=-LI5






7/

/Q^H2GV*H^9$Y[^GW?V&#

MH`D+F

M5_@=#$(
;8$&3R-Z)HQC6$?$[UH+]
4*@;!SQ'0(U]-IG_;H05DPA&A350LY
M6B
SMURFBK
@.Y1J2F=@)$79F?=?9&&5$GI/!F9@3_!

V2^&_*O)Y(;#



M)-H[?NO#^




MAK4%X!R2R0JVY


#4D[(0

M!0`70XP$.X^6VBZ85[S6!8_SQ2+HMK`?='FL#K3GH30?\64K82Y@XL$

)


M!DXVD




M['R
.008/Y)0YC`CX

L\Q=(')2
MIT0#-;3I\Y3B2G'QZAO&:VP5^)-QA5DBV._Q1:@O'D/CI$W1MYB$&/`%*A4#


M&DP_BR*;3P%\S]7E


MI;@2@TLGHTI&#N%&:')VJ]
BH=J_0L5

@\
[DCA^;X.4TE.-U


^*




M



MM^\%+2W0
*4LNKF-V:NWDD:1FU/7X]S

PVDQZE'FB)AL;)OX;#)S8]7BZ
M%KB92%GD6BH0394BA?)'[AI%1CBAV#XM`WDANJ.X.*:D9Y[RB\OG0Q-9Q6]X
M]O-

Y&M
ME

![!R
MQ64G$EHP





%







9P97



M.B2G+19+
VAMV0L9]MJ1++P''*7XQ[]AF7J7BMCX^/&29DT??=EOLVRY6OQA

MCY
XGP*BTD3DI*IR8(YZ)I=A(_L@,72#Q\8*WZR-S3[G4[ND4)GJQSHQY
M)1ZQM0O\O,2_92^'$KH(N=&O(BD3K4G8BOL;'N2
+'IFL0/(+3ZW;$L.%H/

#YCV!IW9*+=


MFZ)`6$$^?6!
V=SV9YH:)




0\VLQ*U

Q.;V#83L16+]'FE&_$L!8T
K)/U7CP
FEN



5NU@R3VX0G^.PZ@(U_ZZ#JNJ!(A&3S@+U

69

3M!Y/WI[C#^]8FQK9&


MS`;/GF+&
U*WI6%*YG1I+XJ

\0:_(ZT+P67

!X
M)0BJCH9%I[A=A^N1J_D@-H+8D%<07B1$4Y]]##7#<Y5]EHQP=;WD1BL8_:L

/KE^O
M







13)O'




YQ3D$T;$QS1









6::FSUU;\GIRCE[ND)]0&LFOW2T#S:4G/

];
?C




D34$J=%(V#Z9SFS`AI=S


O[1X(/N'-
M\**5#T(6

M8@!?C#61$BSOX:98

MA3:FRD=\S*M#I!1AQQUQ=X@M8.
0KSH=4
FH6[QO&N%E/ZP
X!X,R`DPKM






MA)N8)JACT0UQ5\($0/$]!C`BQ)[O&VGBX1I$IUK$)O53XCV_TR2-&&]`ADUC

M1





9[TQA[B5Y6%=(]90B\)



MP8M_ASX*=#Z:'ENO$8:XK-N]W.KX(5U#?6KZ;^\STK^R6-M5^0PK7?PC32


2*YK`99S?



MH

#_92`+)ISDA2JZO+@Q/K'H%A01
MR$73`)
E/V#VX^IXO[


$U




M/MM\


'=4N
MY&A'.);I%`Q!$'))9.
ANR87:=C7'LR;L5?QM&N\L2*8Z


2=?%QBB?+@DLCPEX+$CIG+KB596DR04%XY0Y]H*;[$6O;P+L9I[&






/
#=
MI.1L?1:R\.PH\M#@30#..)'9[%J&.1B4P`0\/YQ&R9+
P8_%U/'5N7P\LS\
M,K/H*/=^88/8@/_&)&X(42`+X#-8NRD7&/`AC3*71J81OV7+$%Q3,+'A9XIH
M7FI&D.X@O'_[X3+G%62K?H.7$@*4=JO[T5$*OBSW*9(0T`2#ZCE;

:];X`%6M
09?^@..F:GTS'`[
JF%K&=

=3WS/?P!+)F'\-N=.&+C-U%0
J)D.&:)*Y.$^YLF^&[!J_5!%YK0)<L-H!;DG*T$W[KP_C)=N;`

_OD6
MP20DWI2(7\X#S#6T%08P


BR14=`V5_O

SH#3MZ*@!I
M%=
30+0$QFT8NIC:
MD_-U\V?SQ!<B(2EB=Q[LGZS]0$X6$`/P
C)C-QD\(


M7@0^/AZ=._2%B[O%LL(D5'V%D

D'0(C#5`/X/!XF(U1X!DF

]O=S.'.@O(F=@ODOKM6-(8N'5+M%:-H[EB5


MKN=VQ%JNWT3?WM?8
N0GO)AO$-1'K^5$795\21B2\:A[#-`@1G?8R26LRIW5




M5[[E)=(BD2`ZZN
Y%)U%2:3F4

(PTIF&N$6=2)
M6J^

YQK[%RGD#0HU


M=

/_^J]X0P2.!;8C

MZ&Y\RCP^C*;&RN^CPH4BLX:RB9:8HJ_3.]7UM^\%
2W0'J7TM;F-B9NWDDB1
MG5/7X^S
#0H97(#AEQ@5=-8^

M7V.:S#)9P/

M3CBEV#ZM`[DANJ.X-:9N9X[TBRA_NIJ$I
([//-7UE4B-F5)&@4J*9CDK/X#
M


R!&A+

M8P5Q8(3U!7I!(!-$R
MS$F0.




MT#G/6$L7:DO[@7C0Y)M!2BO*6


MB/


%&UNW*X*^/]D4*ST
GLLBLN%75V/M



8(


MAD-J&SNQS/&PX*RA-KLW6_L18
S?U
MV9?9I4POC;_


GKKGM.^U2TP\-QKGG$:&\3/^




L9]L]/M

QQY1GW
M





M08JOBN
3S-^;
IB^$AHO?B;5GQ^Y%?J^CBEY97DD+W#'++\5[DNKE?3IEY


DR
V
FK

IO]S2LJ(.S5-C
MBLCMM(G74`;8I'T:F41F*1(`S.P'I*P:%$-\)+V.(E)2N\[NTKM%8E]D]8



(+DK5H#:KDMJL?G<TZ?=K<`'-N&_8
IM&O2[W4FKEX9MLY*NIU^=]SN75HQ
MM:J6,QQV)D^U+]5ZQ!J,!H/14X%V/(R]LP%U(,:^<)QTD?K@K;CZQ0#XVV?X
M![Q\H=T/*!UX#TIDT+-Z74T+[@FR)UMM-6,-!\/)\+KO0QC2JH2-<SBKXS&
MO[+AQ3J6VE_Z^1_V0[E![UYT'\AROTW_'7A`!3`BOC(1]^I0;?C\;G60U5
M`+=N87_1X1KB_-IA@1UY(3W_;K'TPP=62QP-^SD3_0A67TJ7-=`QZ';;3@R7
7SZ;=NR


%+4ESPVF*7

M_TE]ODI\0421%_%[.UK$=2`93?8#R$BN[MIY;W!IAGQ\[7MLV(7ZS*-DW!

M_2(+C=$3
3_T50X1??F5W;$@+3:)
E0TD=D%_N-8Y^SZ0.FL+RTA_K@:H^%!


G'CS8:

MR.[917K+E5()A;YA;/9[9/\#:+BXC1BKZ26?]3H]2W




MWDE





G)7R*;]#^X

9I`(VH$$XJY;


;:C
VF`/RV





D












MOO;-MAKB\4OX^)^!XT#7&7J$4-\_
+#`$EH^VW^2R[5*EG((G`U'./_U:]P&

2&A$WLZ
(5IO7/JJ=/N./#BA.MU#:CIHW@'B(BC@%%PR^?'@:QWB
MI
F$TQV!.X#
\=


R
L52NB@%(
MLWRRC3



M44K





MML
\[X41:&H9%=0)/E&;A'#VY&EL_AZ^4P9/&81U0B_+!B%JG^1![644S_;1
M#K%-I?:HX.$P']O.%[C!`;E_+TL-\C&!+G[0X=.Q_?'M02YD1OH;C!]\T+
M
)_EQ=TRI:C0GRHP=LQ#DZ9ODN?K)#!;=IN6:$'IE@X`1/)2Q^6JC+-)`L?G












MG;)=JC`6M7.(XHPK?DXUH0\YH^^(G`





C`Q
C$R
S%?
B?D6Y=W9<MKN;IGGA@T<F<ID@-2+KL^OH%2%$B)=QX
M$Y(5C(F8=MFXY
E#`(E$(O&WO[\MO:-7A$
W\'_]
/AX^N$(^7;@N/[BUP_?


T\'PZ'1X




MP^)4L.[T4];I@

MH]2@4.UT9W[\O/V


^^WDRF?U3[

4A97A*S;?EO:G



A!-S11P5NZL)
OT2GZPW%-8E

B2T%*]!8AWT%.)B=M

MP=K#]I?UK\U91%8ANJ@2F.B6_!AFO7C6
_*2ODU^8?

M'.P2.\9%F2UL9ZVM/1ZE7(AS'P5U)5U&4B$/0HPF?E__4!JQ&1)%BE
R5I



M5Y_&4P?%^#F

\P
@JK^

?73*3.P4]X\
MTTC$OG)%).Q+#F847%KABT#S]


M5S('[?A`U.@J18&4108T
%;VV+9QC)Q]:46S'J^..=YPY=HG#,KBK`82DY

M..`L1C1*0'V\





MS$4







MBB3URNUR9;F8G?Y8N&%T/AF5]#K&ZQ!&1\.'(LC^ZRF_LSRT,ZK#+FG'Z2C
M3MR`WC0T#0P[.3PX%DF2?(V+663:ROJS4U3@T

R)9I_$J&_@+=QQ3U=)Z<


M'9;@37JY(/N[PHY(?*T@+:LU&HD[$-B
L(0'PP(GGY64$6$]K5%()=F1`8&S


M'%1MHIW@IE8LPQ*0ND(E%5G1-)$WT5:HD[(M68:@*A07H8)9-@]+















XZ:A]2G%)BDO!QK.O
Z1^\;U+=]N:`$7

0^N;C-4(8;
K@PER62Y!
MHZB::0`

M15;5T




EN
MO.#[K3\/\#*);U=PWFV8`Z[<N.O!*`F5BY.:$
R/FG(6RZ=+C&/!(2H5#.'
M6K.IE]`L(Z)!`1L87UN6[X3**PP5VA8SASJ\+LJ:90^670`-A$$$HY*)0T
MASK\(K5IV





^9(:\S7@9BOJADX!ZR-:JK&#%*R(W.D-=`
UL12





!AHH[RWXAVPJRX\Y!4GAEE5M+




1J&VWD3]=4YN%


MA2++]=2/23DQ(WG)+HDLI$LGO?/E.P\8A?1*6!+2


LR
MN09V=7MYZ]

V3'.`G\


\7@8X6GN9JSPLVU07;05UMO]!-*D!.%&Y7#'9




MX


1KZ%W4!B!3#+MQ/4HW/!


*+9
M[Z[?5N2#0V%^
A:



MS3EO%2EE3WBE8(+9G-4-

7_@R69


GZ/O#+JEM016]D7UF-
M2X#`\2&GL:



JG
BS



K(^-S^OT:!9
M&C
[];=V&\28Y4UASJNLS4P8_'`9+K^TLX%UV1^'^#F#GGL(J90QT;\P8T
MS



23!-\:J8H^YN[$68-FSI





F40`!3-`


M4_EX86QR2^
#


HL/^DOT4XI!=':-!N[ZSJG54_B[
JR3`QG?]!UE^+

MUKQ-_D


FM0JMN2[:HXD91AMY02M15'^&D$YCO(UM?H^




'
X[









]

!L`ZUWQM??#%8X9HD*'G80D=#J
MK-



M'(/S\


M3_KNY
UW

M9E


@HP2YMW'V9^_

:?9.DCZ_?O7GS_G4U\*MBY
GG+&R
_O2^&OOV]5\_

M_^NX&G;
_W3\]MWQ^[???

'A#4W#

M#Y0C\IK+?#J_R


_HYI_&*F[_BKYS28

/R=R?+VW=MWI<7E?_E[M6I6_PUB!O\\S%\NXW62;L2B
GO(


M0=!5Q3Q_D
;/;_+@!TG6:;/H:CHJEI._;




`Z
E3:-Q4:BOC?+7T

MSJ^#C6[3I1P*A`T-F^T/7
9M#^




FZ!NXE8AX)?EX;7
M$=BAWM
=/='`FJJVTF








2/$7@DG81X2C@;=;H-1
MK]B8T1VGJ`YN-


V]N$:3-1=
_'ZA%45=#A8


MHJZ`ZL
D$H`L8(-0LJC'U3P_+N




MMDW#C)[3=;@
\]ERN=OL1-F:\UW*#%^;P@#F$2:'O%4XQJN0[L8=AA`QAARF






M\5R

IMB.
ZY3(6&X*80GH


@


M]MU&

'7T6KV:K31B''(EY
M^$S+/K
&9'11`@*F6XBV3I04XCIGDZ;J]8R#L&&2!$U)L)ME@`@#B6)+L+3!



MP`X=D
$?IGDTRTL^;JE(3[T)4F.6E(D*-`AD8EX.2!2C]W`NQQ-!@!4+ZB5!
MZ6&28Y*6








T
5F](`01TXF-:#DACCT:7_B@%#XNA$_69%D69)`J
9!C
M\K!_#:N)7H.EO?/^14`:JF%6H&W1!ID`.-


M`X27#;8]G`/*Y(YQ]A!#
!P%'V?)9IO$/&8]^QR:HBAF.@Q#H1%`KVNE:ATH


`HC\6I&[MGU%@L
M]M=B&!(`1V
7J8IJ4QD
I5



MBAF95D9_C(N
03?C(@$0SKA\/Y3)!(



M5A^6T1!D4-L&=/0Z.P`S=Y2QN+(#C7(L%&HTC$J75\0P+W#C&\=6R.G'-!IV
M3.K;`(]!=P&ODCDT2T7MD&K3B[





M+J+D4^:6ERJ3X:2CJM@W9J%R`B(H?$H^=1
C@1+#/=-T&D&0TDJUV#!DD^J`




JZCHG8
MFY1N@Y!7
Z)I2E=E5RNV;1%]GCMCACTG1





E]

0XW4
[-@%JKBOW+7O;






MHFDR?!MC%M7)UNRG\BG!9A2QVREZ*DD]LZK3^B!$;+`J:4QZ@8IG%&Z5[*





MXS03R^;G-FGX]L@7VW(1QD&\'E68YH,W]:8176R.?NIOH!8C9O8[5&2E+/

YL=(!FAH.MAO










MK()R83Y)_T#K;E:5@3MATAP)6TVSQ:2B6-JAJ#8F8+H8%;\A5L#LPQYPA4N5


K_P


MNE#T12JRG_:6KS87$9

MK&AD

L


M=D45!`%GJOY;=&`8+8CTW^_;NYW;
*/JN+
;9%&]68=J#7A'B'(I9_-G#=$(

!

9

D`F7
MCF;(`$IOS!OLEZ:0/
3V



MIFY7

M]C0GC8S1?K;$&]?
[;QR@


T^/7I/A^Y]
M?E$2V5?Y!Y
)N
Z_'8P4=?ZM
.2!13B8
QO?RFD:'^R$6CR=
BIUL5X]2.F'

M[!1#[GQW:$/N0S!KH`@OI$[D@2L!)0]L7T([M
C]:V@@@][-Q_918/C('=
M(F100J_\A_&D1.QY-%2(*B^QZ##6^'0^V@D'K\$=6X`A8GYUK:C
ROV9\@:Q

M2?QX3]

!-2F8VZ

3%
MFM2GW(?(Q:1'1$Q[?
KG)=7$'JR'4[Z1Q.:-/-B^$4@K






)N<I:]OZA?:1W($F*=C0/)`_HN?T`

M=;@FNO)

XF%B[JH




'-/(
ML+(^IY$PY8&5X!R=)YL@E#Q2JS.K`[4/5J(A3^]*ZA]LQ/^RC7X)'<JR;RP
M%3*X[
]TV\@K/JUZ-5&#]^H)L'FAK
0FL@9&6N-HM2$:9R`/FU&()5-LN6

M.





@^@R7B?I1L3`

5JN0#VQ



MU#5]@+=49Z[11XSQ56\?N%CO1;MC?RD.6&M=Q34)4N
_`\J+&?G%M

M/0$Y4AL]2!?K&NP/#R$U`X&2B`7]GHZZ7E2]Z)LEOG_?E7VZ_$_Q[L6QVG
M

Q7FXJ

M1KL575TP$7EASEV%SW;GI$XDC#


HN4NVJ^P

M



M5]XER!'9[B6AAZO7CY.(
`9=G=-M
M2I=%4P#V[XB6)P9L_Y[FY6FEGM32'*L1T!&)<=[+5)@\C`UJ<]-]I
7/7]K

4KX


MF\/

J*_@+J<]%3E]:OWK2D6LDX1.3\$?D`4IZYVY=?LF/T\FK!^+U



@*HF(Z)Y?;GYF-)?3!AHS$O+'G,O%5X83K^P0($G2K?
M`)TZ?L`[)WMHHC&E_'RIZ1H@7:5ZV^6=E%`H<_(M)29)P83-II4PPD;CPE`
MO_FWPND(H#!L%O[&SCL5'W`B%N5CWRWI'&0ADG'OE,]'C)BIF%8HI4XT@U




M%&HH








M]49@V%/%OCB6SQI[@M@[HW4=;+IOV[K/Y9_):@@ZS&+QJ9#O[XXKM`5\CR:6

96B6=V#
.!QPU=:PVU:':A@NWB9B
M&G+Q

:`)4`L-3^RU22[2K*L*\]$
QIJ*=`RV_[6A?\@1I)B*.::



%BAHX+$;`G!N:Y%\


RM%D/QQS1?*:




M`=.?:+2Z2-*/F:I2DS4I()HLQ%!T11`DA-


:7%Z@FR(V
M$P6=M!#2IZ?;(%SQQQO=]\


.C&P^K-PZ&9BM=0I9'L89
WG
M)GO*TX-BSUF
0;@
T

%W@-^8?Z*'W#;
N)%BF%.ODS7/NK0[R1U`1



M%W?


MRT'L*4$2[^]DZR2`=!.[U*?M)W;H#DXX_HH^!M$=S?-(;-1
63Y&
J2@O()]

X_\[@*X^QI(QJ[G=.'O*-7@)8$$'L&MMMZUQS*734^
M&+GN?G_^$R/_D/CH4ITV$CKT!E?G[]E#.ZOP=Q`BZW]#!#L4'!%.A%[;?J@T
8VUA)

&B-@0\5HN(5ZVM

M2V:\=%PU&BTOMB_W@8E[T`S9#K61LF3-.@.G[WP=XZA+1=B^.MN]9=R(VPRK

MY





MF@C+,202HF+#KH,[B416:1$D!V1&B$6['L(5([-+_D*
9G)DD@(6RK96VX
M6JJ8*UPRNOSF






C4O%*2F;)GEM28U=X

M






M0;0KKJ%$4?*)=T.M.&2\S;*
YF=/_&#P


M*BX^8OL3G=P70=65)C8$ZR\
9!;#'U`KM

M9&`A9Y++5M0,IIZR%+PG4W'MU6'M!Z,E_W2'N@Z2:EP,9?[GH0*UU,45I)


MOT8NER7X




M:P6R6J*Y(UIKDRAF0

/'^P/3C2L

MA4]729BK'1=5J=5G
38)Q/:30*:QN(@F'8SOB8N.E^J#3`\.2@9)V3@TB0XD

*54KA&?WF(-#OU4-N:E9_AG97JO4ORG_XM5
MWY[R0UTPHEINIDT7WG*R:XBWOMTN8BG)

M)(`[*Z[F[[XN_A`Y4*^E.UQ&
R`:
60B7V5UB9\HJ#&#*4IAK(KBNOGV#;+
M3:J?!]X@'\%QF5P`U+B+'BB=01@M2A!Q7S-U]3I+FJ+$A/ODA!66/?CFKBE




M[.LFL21GDKAV=DN^3;Q'MKR6

8
W]]]QQ%J_./'W_\^/'A
M]2EP/_C!XF/_]'3P,2OX+BUY_AKB0ND?@ZQL[^/_W8TFSC-:VN^Q%T:VYVQK
MT6;*ZO6^?OWZ,?DK*1KB\SI/_(=.TKV&\)^G3!+T'^]SXJ]I[]ZW^N_'_0^


V^^R[



)7GADE71L+QHZCA^3^=);

-D

$)0^[X&




ZA)1

M`*Q_/;*?$&-8Y6-?7PMMI94^_M?)(7KX@`+LSZZ]:EW=J7W0/I--21#5Z'6N




@6[4#*Q?SJPV--N/Z(%IKWUHGM[R5HTRHI:G[M
`@-1



MM7J=WL`S
6T8.?16/NU1TI%+





MMU

#J+F*T0V11O&DP%H.
M'



2T6B.I2M/JS#JC*O+##ZQFLK)FLY/JT^K%=*[T1
T9C@EJSDB.0(K]]Y
M?Q0?G`E6\T/6T03J[[8;\U;:DM)6'SI_B4L1
SY;AL.`139WI$!$YFY1JP_K

M\8Y*X':2\;JX$.G1N4!F2``ZZ(-;W68QA'SWZ`?V[-/B'KNQ6!3QA69[L$



M7LQ-X
Z*=

DR
M6+3YDU]0\.1#C=M;FG6*PFB-+W?E'R]-CU
+V(


-[I#T;-/_O)BM`ID6<G'+`7T)<*JG@+#BP6

F
)./Z0&;W'K`&76*S(J@F)`D



MP/?H1_(G_APKTT`+T[H$G$M!







=6!O




MR[_RC4#?&E&1ZG*]48-MA


M;T#L@JP?-FO;])#-BS=^D*06E
A

D:P#I&&YLN)+'#1MCT*T]VQG\\


UZ(ZC


MTVSNW&
H9*?`(5.FFC4`?@9*@94BK[+H#+BG(+O;D+EYJ)NBUD#&)^:-OE
M@W07@A'D;=+JA?P52EH#&']8;0KW4)@0*


ZW\DF7'I;17)VV?9E17KC+E9

;&M*.2-K)$
M9(`Q)$!^@U^)`'6I6EEKUAEPHF2[5(TE(A/

@%TFA6TEF




_*&[`OQLFBZ-
M8<Q?`-+4Y6?;/VD.,\/=^Q$!Z)?(AWF)QU9P6XT__%&5\KY)S&+N@`SE)*L


M^J4X51_\$HAB1Z1N?2BO`F'



M:

WZ:/ZZ





7AM6-=J)&C'.+$G[]#R04<KHL%@9-/




M+V?U8%TZNPPPS)W=+AMAS[[*T94O9_5@PQF2=.UVV02#E+D(C(@A?ANA925O
MTJ:RU3/6FU3`:((9(Y%*5T47MK6M7DM]2D4J%?6@B

MR%^AR


MC.^=:L)\;9AV%B+@1KHXQXN[&B)N=D7DV?2/?`8HE'V!8-24N$_:4]*J1
MFZO;RUN/HIL-EW1!XVP=2LL#Q9\;X[5\5\&;D32]9!



M4B:=0C#!]&


M+&-19K/$4069ZFT-U(W$R6.2\




M!#6`



M
*DK9UT$RX`IXI&]*58BCO
HELOC(*8[KQO
M/2=`=HBV`?@+/PC\']0IRLW_D6W$ZL/Z*.H,:60)JS@Q%YU$)J%=!Z;V-Q$




L+

;.V`_





M\5VH[$K0F6L*#

M&'0-`V0S[
OWZU^U[)/]KJO+:%3DYU!^\8T`'=*6'U`-T-!B`PA;[O9,FLN
MR8*W'0[Q:P^X+O?._+D1$ASO6V9V&D&;9@EX?-%7U+4Z@.^G2T6/Z/''0\]



$+^3^N4`*\1MR9S=^



=DXN''YSI:RS3ON*
M=I!L..RRNVC'&D_1;2[3W[YB%Z0%W,IEF[$.NNTTD-Z$9!NNU-*IYV&TN8

M-@=3@!>DRRX]^

^

B
MC##
W6SV$`?.




M7*#9



:_AL.R[GZX&T[*THYW

M8^^%;.52KM.?=UE.?VO=)O^ALE@C#*]?R;8/KP.()1S+503V5\HP+`VD35M?
M+03G#PRJ

M$H/[GJSU@B=$%=L!-E3W:2D)I%?`U*(]28T3YK:W$
V9FS)M
4=%+VCG^MOQ


MR6Y]('G)[

X$\-


M?.L)SSK-M53SS3J*BK;YZ?$W5PT,+FNL*.T,0G-L/V$W.7@I
3$4*UB]
MEC@

M5`\X

6.4)D40^E&H.-$2GF&2JC:;\#E.GZ%2)\<G$K?
MFPV7?A#AG\D_)2PYN8:@XSV*]/$-/'G(M;=Y;8H;1R+:K&@LFK0$:%:ZB`+


C`Q
C$R


M475XP`!!4.```$.0$``.T=[W/:./;[S=S_H./+]69*``--XFEWAR:PY8Z$
M7*#;O4\[PA:)IO[!2G82^M??DVR#P;)C@T-=TIU.:ZSW^TE/3T^2]_VO3[:%

MF`[A)EZ^10




L+AW1QPIPR9L#K4-!R/1TG2M`O&X7ZG+[
]7$%*N='9HI1/%B
M@ZL
IMU3
@5@;=/T9`.$Z49@!3AWO8
M,=9)(0.56R=GY\W9&L$ZI`[[!$SE?AY@[D6:81@$9;/ZW<8+U98<\QG$B-L
M`
R65F^VZNU6A&*XON.QY:9E.#%.[MR'1MBH0O














._2;Y?O0Y

`_HUK48,2'GAK3QIJ7YZ)[)MRPW*Y
MSPC\B'-YBR(^:,U(YN@Q5FC-T7
CL7;PNS7KD?XU!U0!SL&Q=:JY_
;YH)5



@9CLD-
M03





)G

$=L_IR;-)=[^B&=


O]0
M$S?SZM%]NS]!I9
GVXI`!.6



MY`R%

K\9DJ=71#CBH=AH?.:#%GG
L(VUAV/4
MG^$H)H3K7.\B1_:W2W:?

8Q7R2C$@K2/^J:4XEG^BS<FW&H98EZ?`3+
M?4FL$Z'UM^8ZR\B)A3(@[8HH6YT$.'M6?44XB7!%[1EA,N2R@0)7@FRZZ
MZ=J8.M]+EP%EW!MR[HNL-*&$LK5TD^(X3IFJOCJY@K)/W0
1B`=OR3!OT.G
M9QA`RQS!#&4-2'0656J3!S@^2&P79AK
EBKEYMCBSV@7M
VP)6P'#61&O3)T
MOL#\_@93\](78_A&\AZX3!$?GH6L3DB(^MAX'NP]#)T+Z%]$7G3\0KW[G@&O


YNMD-KKUOD)IZ*Z'0#/]MRNIZCBRT(G*3%L4


M/L*.24C/@`1:-4NIFRLT$+]0T3R;EV8@MB_63)Y5+=72(,K:O,!9G9].V&

$[./FD`%=+A!D/X

M&2.6E9Q(L^$JI-&0
2HWEX-8`V$GH4PZ2(7TN':='*ID0E5(FX^$S']C^!M




0_+[;[F30B0;

Z3Z

M:CODQ7TQ@Y07TW_'EA\(;UGNHZ!^0Y@8R/B.C)UMW\?
411Q/6TO`KC##?G4


4`````!]7FY

#$R
3(S
5]C



3(Q
C
Q


`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
At December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
December 31
December&#160;31
1
204
66
154
154
3
3
157
1
427
65
53
Property and equipment
91
1
374
Depreciation and amortization expense for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2012 was $110
045. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 depreciation and amortization expense was $ 27
212 and $43
176
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8SEB-F)C9E\T9&)B7S0X9#9?83(Q95\P.6)B




F
Y
M8C9B8V9?-&1B8E\T.&0V7V$R
65?
#EB8F8W






M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?3U!%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%]/1E]35$]#/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%]/1E]35$]#
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O





M971S+U-H965T
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E

O4VAE970Q


O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


3



34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M='





M='E?86YD7T5Q=6EP;65N=%]486)L97












O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

#I.86UE/E)E8V5I=F%B





O4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
CDN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



M
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M965T
S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`\+W@Z


M+W@Z4')O=&5C=%=I;F1O=W








M(&-O;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

3
L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S














Q+`T*0DR,#$R/'-P86X^/]S





]

M86QI9VX]



]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E
M;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#XP










M='5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y997






]
M

]


3DL-C



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U



M87)T7S)C.6(V8F-F7S1D8F)?-#AD-E]A
C%E7S`Y8F)F-S$W-3)F.`T*0V]N





]

M


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1T

]






T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C(L



T1T;W`^4%)/4$525%D@04Y$($51




]
T1N=6UP/C(L






]

]




M1&YU;7`^



]


M

]
T1N=6UP/C




M9SY/5$A%4B!


3`L-#8R

M
C`L-C

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#0V



M
RPV



]



]

#`P

2PP
#`L
#`P

]



XP,#`Q.R`R,#`L,#`P+#`P,!S:&%R97
@875T:&]R
M:7IE9#L@
3DL-C



T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/C8L.#8Q+#@X


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#4T



W

]
T1R;W4^#0H@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7S1D8F)?-#AD-E]A







]

T1)1#!%0TU!0SX-

2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P




M9VX]

]




#`P


#`Q/'-P86X^



#`L
#`P+#`P


#`L







]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#8S

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R8SEB



M='`M97%U:78]

]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





M
S

]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-C(L
M-S


]




]
T1N=6T^*#






]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q
M

M;G5M/B@U



]

#`P/'-P

3@T



]



]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L








]

3DL-C


M





M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B8E\T.&0V7V$R
65?
#EB
M8F8W


O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$(%-4051%





M1`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^0V]M;6]N
M(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/DEN:71I







]
T1T:#Y!9&1I=&EO;F%L







04Y#12!A=!*=6XN(#`S+`R
#`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




















]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PY























M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V



]

M-2PT-3$L






2PY






2PY





M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V



]

3DL
C0W+#
Q


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^



]


]


]

]
T1P

]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#0L
3

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L



]


]













]

3DL-C


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(AL;W-S


N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6T^*#0L-#DS+#(V


I
M(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Y+#8S


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^14Y$24Y'($)!
M3$%.0T4@870@1&5C+B`S,2P@,C`Q,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]

]


]


]


M











M.6(V8F-F7S1D8F)?-#AD-E]A





]

T1)1#!%




3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M+R\O0SHO
F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B8E\T.&0V7V$R
65?
#EB8F8W

F8X+U=O

O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@







I(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^










]
T1N=6T^
M*#(Q




]


]
T1N=6UP



]
M


L









]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P
CQS


]


]




]


]








]

]
T1R;SX-


]


]
T1N=6T^
M*#


]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#@T
2PX




T1T;W`^3D54($-!4T@@4%)/5DE$140@0ED@24Y6
M15-424Y'($%#5$E6251)15


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3$T+#@P


M($9L;W=S(&9R;VT@1FEN86YC:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97


]



T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT(&]F(&UO





T1T;W`^4')O8V5E
M9'


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT('1O(&%F9FEL:6%T97

]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
CDL
#8P*3QS

]


M.2PX.#

M1&YU;3XH.2PV





]




]


]


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#4R
3QS


2PU


#DQ/'-P

BPR
M






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0T%32`M($5N9&EN9SPO






M/3-$=&]P/DEN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





]

M(&EN=F5S=&EN9R!A;F0@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

]

M





M;7`^









@










]


M


]

M1&YU;7`^



]
T1N=6T^*#0Q+#@R








T1T


T1T;W`^3F5T(&YO;BUC87-H(')E8V%P:71A;&EZ871I

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B8E\T.&0V7V$R
M
65?
#EB8F8W













3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]






M8CY.;W1E(#$N)B





#L\+W`^#0H\


#MW928C.#(R



M8VEE;G0@9G5N9'

#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T(#!P






3LI+!A(&)L86YK(&-H96-K(&-O;7!A;GDN($-!5!-
M97)G97(@4W5B+!);F,N(@F(S@R
C`[365R9V5R(%-U8B8C.#(R

M
#M-97)G97(F(S@R
C$[*2!W:71H($-U;&QE;B!!9W)I8W5L='5R86P@5&5C
M:&YO;&]G:65S+!);F,N(@F(S@R

X
C(Q



C`[0W5L;&5N($AO;&1I;F=S)B
X
C(Q.RDN($-U


M2&]L9&EN9W
@:7
@86X@96YT:71Y(&-O;G1R;VQL960@8GD@17)I8R!*+B!7











M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H=7
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY


M)B
Q-C`[)B



BP@

M)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X

2!O=VYE9!S=6)S:61I
M87)Y+!#=6QL96X@06=R:71E8V@L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!I='
@=VAO;&QY(&]W


@




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@;F5W(')O;6%N

M=&EM97


S$L(#(P






S$L(#(P
3
N($%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#





'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




M871I;VX@:7




#`E.R!B;W)D

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$


3!P=#LG/D)U:6QD:6YG




3!P=#LG/DUA


3$[(#$P('EE








M


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E









\



#M&
M05-)B,X,C(Q.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9',@0V]D:69I8V%T:6]N
M(@F(S@R
C`[05-#)B
X
C(Q.RD@


M(&-O;F1I=&EO;G

M97)A8FQE+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.TEF('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ED96YT:69I97
@






#L\+W`^







#M!4T
@
M
C8P)B
X
C(Q.RDN($EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4T,@,C8P+!E87)N

@*8C.#(R,#M87-I8R!%
M4%
F(S@R

@
M8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R
M97




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

#`P+#`P


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q-C`[


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

@96%R;FEN9W


@








3!P




@


@-S0P(')E





@:7
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!I;F-O;64@;W(@

M;7



@870@=&AE(&5N




M


M97)I9CLG/B8C



@(FUA:F]R(B!T87@@:G5R:7-D:6-T:6]N

@


M(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W





M=&5R:6%L(&-H86YG92!T;R!I='




M


M87@@97AP96YS92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M4:&5R92!W97)E(&YO(&%M;W5N='
@

#$Q
M(&]R('1H92!P97)I;V0@9G)O;2!*=6YE(#
L(#(P
#D@*&EN8V5P=&EO;BD@


T0G

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



#DN



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]

]
T1P


3L@

T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N

#$R

T0G

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97

Q-C`[/]P/CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

3!P

M/3-$

T1N;W=R87`^)B


Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
M

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

Q-C`[

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B






38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/CQT






M9#XF(S$V

M)B

M-30L

M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

3!P=#LG/BT@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX\=&0^)B



M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


M='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M8V9F8V


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T






M:'0[)SXQ+#

#L\+W`^




3$P+#`T-2X@1F]R('1H92!Y
M96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


L



M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]


M

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

38P.SPO8CX@/&(^4F5C

'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q-C`[

M:7-I=&EO;G







M
C

S8L-#`P







#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T

3$@86YD
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V5I979E9`D-#(P+#4S-!F;W(@=&AE('-A;&4@






Q+`R,#$R('1H
M92!A;6]U;G0@9'5E(&9R;VT@2&%R=!W87




M97

#$Q(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@9G)O;2!R96QA




M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B8E\T.&0V7V$R
M
65?
#EB8F8W


O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

]





]




M97





3LI('=I=&@@

X
M


28C.#(Q-SMS(')E

#`N($]N

C`Q





M(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M=&5D('-T871E;65N='

#L\




@3$Q#
M(@F(S@R,C`[2&%R=8C.#(R
3LI+!A;B!A9F9I;&EA=&4@;V8@;VYE(&]F
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,X,C$W.W,@9&ER96-T;W)S+!F;W(@=&AE(&QE87-E
M(&]F(#$R

2P@
C`Q


3$W

S


M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$L('=H:6-H(&ES


@;F5W(')O

C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GD@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&$@4V%L97,@0V]N=')A8W0@*8C.#(R
#M!
M9W)E96UE;G0F(S@R

#


P@;V8@=VAI8V@@)#$P,PP
#`@=V%S


2P@
C`Q
2X@



M+B8C
38P.U-I;F-E('1H92!C;&]S:6YG(&]F('1H92!L86YD(&1I9!N;W0@
M;V-C=7(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@)#$P,PP
#`@9V%I;B!R







X
C$W.W

M;2!*=6QY(#@L(#(P


@8V]N=')A8W0@





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

C(L(#(P
3$L('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A('-A;&5S(&-O;G1R86-T('=I=&@@

M86-R97


3`L





RPP-S$L('=H:6-H(&ES(&EN8VQU


S$L(#(P


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

3`L('1H92!#


3LI('=I=&@@1E!
($9O
M;V1S($Q
0R`H)B
X



M=&EO;G


M



M.#(R
#M
86YD964F(S@R



#`@86-R97


M+#0U



@:6YC;'5D

2P@
C`Q
2X\+W`^


M:68[)SXF(S$V





@;F5W(')O

2P@
C`Q
2!T:&4@0V]M





M;G0]

2!R



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]


]



M

34L
M(#(P




Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

PV,S(@86YD
M(0S

F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B
M8E\T.&0V7V$R
65?
#EB8F8W

F8X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)C.6(V8F-F7S1D8F)?-#AD-E]A
C%E7S`Y8F)F-S$W-3)F








M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]

]


]

]




#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M

F(S@R

T0G


X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

C`P.2!


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


M='


T1T;W`^
C`P.2!
;VYG+51E



X
C$Q.R`R



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M(S@R


M*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[4&QA;B8C.#(R

@=&AE(&=R86YT:6YG
M(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

L




38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.T]P=&EO;B!A=V%R9'
@87)E


M:7)E(&)E='=E96X@-2!A;F0@

@9G)O;2!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!I

#LF(S$V



M;VX@;W(@=&AE(&5X97)C:7-E(&]F('1H92!R96QA=&5D(&]P=&EO;BXF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V

M9VAT(&ES(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8GD@=&AE(%!L86XF(S@R

M964N)B
Q-C`[)B



M0SHO
F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B8E\T.&0V7V$R
65?
#EB8F8W


M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]


]





]





@


M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@;F5W

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D/&)R(`O/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





#L\+W1D/@T*


2P@
C`Q
M





T1N;W=R87`^)B




RP@
C`P.3QB

M
#$R/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

M

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C









T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


M/B8C






38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@



M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C




M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C8L
38U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!W:61T
M:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V







#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P


U



M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C




M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO


M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


M86P\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C



3$L
3DR/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C@T+#`R-#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@








38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O






38P.SPO=&0^



M=#LG/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



M

M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O

M;&4]


#L\


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L


T0G=&5X

M8V9F8V







Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D



M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M=#LG/C
L
S4W/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N97<@



M



@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@8F%S:7
@;V8@87-S971S

#LF(S$V
#M!('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A
M;&QO=V%N8V4@:7

'!E8W1E



M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D(&YO



T1N;W=R87`^)B




M


C`Q

M

M

M;&4]
!A<W-E
M='
Z/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*




M('-E='1L96UE;G0\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^+3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

M;&4]




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG
M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG
M/C
V-2PV

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C



;W-S(&]N('-A;&4@;V8@9FEX960@87-S
M971S/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C$L





T0G


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T



M(#%P=#LG/B8C


M='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N
C5I;CLG/E1O=&%L(&1E9F5R

M;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

2PW
S(L-30Y/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


T0G


Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M9G0[)SXF(S$V


SDL-38P
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

3PO=&0^









M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M





M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT


2PW
38L-S@T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


Q-C`[


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


2PW
#0L
C@X/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N


M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



38P.SPO


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R

M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[('1E




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T(#!P


M/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

M;W)W87)D(&]F(0S+#4X,RPX-C0@86YD(0S+#4U


C`R.2XF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V


3`P)2!O9B!T:&4@9&5F




M=#H@

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+!T:&4@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!H
M87

T0G=&5X



'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T(#!P


M/B8C

3`P)3L@8F]R






RP@
C`P.3QB

2P@
M
C`Q




M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG


24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

38P.SPO



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C
T
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M



M)B

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG


M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V




T0G=&5X









#L\


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L



38N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$

]
T1T



T1T;W`^

]




'!T


M9CLG/B8C









^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C









]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]






'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M.#(R
#M#;VUP86YY)B
X
C(Q.RP@)B
X
C(P.W=E)B
X
C(Q.RP@)B
X
C(P
M.W5S)B
X

C`[;W5R)B
X













S$L(#(P
#DN(%=E


@8V]M8FEN871I;VX@*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[
M365R9V5R)B
X

3LI




L(#(P
#DN($-U;&QE










M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[07



]

M;CH@





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97







M=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E




N(%1H97-E(&EN=F5S=&UE


M='
@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P




M
S$L(#(P



M:6YS=7)E


M
S$L(#(P
3
N($%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#


@;F]T







M=#H@

38P





#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[('=I

M



M



M/B8C


3LG


\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[)SX\




M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93H@,3!P=#LG/C$U('EE87)S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/]T
M86)L93X\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]















]

@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T




C`[1D%3
M0B8C.#(R

M)B
X
C(P.T%30R8C.#(R
3LI(#
V

X

@;V8@9&5T97)M






M97(@979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97


M;6]U;G0@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R




@97-T:6UA=&5D(&9A:7(@=F%L=64L



@9F]R

#LF(S$V



@

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(A


#L\+W`^



M(S@R
C`[05-#(#(V





M:6]N(@F(S@R,C`[1&EL=71E9!%4%
F(S@R
C$[*2P@9VEV97
@969F96-T
M('1O(&1I;'5T:79E(&]P=&EO;G




M;VX@:6X@=&AE($504R!C86QC=6QA=&EO;BX@070@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97

@96%R;FEN9W


M:&%R97






]
T1R93X-

M




M;64@=&%X97



@86X@









@:G5D9VUE;G1S

@=&AA
M=!M:6=H=!B92!C:&%L;&5N9V5D('5P;VX@86X@875D:70@86YD(&-A=7-E
M(&-H86YG97






@



M+B!4:&4@979A;'5A=&EO;B!W87

@
M;V8@
C`P.28C

C`Q








X
C$W
M.W



M)B
Q-C`[)B


M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q(&]R('1H92!P97)I
M;V0@9G)O;2!*=6YE(#,L(#(P,#D@*&EN8V5P=&EO;BD@=&AR;W5G:!$96-E

2P@
C`Q
BXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


38P.R8C
38P.TUA
M;F%G96UE;G0@:7



L(&%C8W)U86QS(&]R(&UA=&5R:6%L(&1E=FEA=&EO;G
@9G)O
M;2!I='



]





@;F5W(')O

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






^+RH@1&\@


$5-



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@





]
T1R;SX-




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L







3!P=#LG/C4@)B
X
C$Q.R`Q









T0G9F]N


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

]







M='



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

S$L(#(P
3(@86YD($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#




T1N;W=R87`^)B


Q+8C,38P.S(P,3(\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B

38P.S(P
M
3$\+W1D/CQT9!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT

38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!W

M/B8C

M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$R)3LG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


B4[)SXQ+#(P-PR.#@\+W1D/CQT9!S




M;&4]

[


M=&0^)B

M/B8C

M

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C








T0G



M;&5F=#LG/B8C




M.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P

#L\















M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C


M/B8C


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D/B8C

M9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#LG/B8C

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@









M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T


]



M




@;F5W


'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B


@;F5W(')O

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D/&)R(`O/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


2P@
C`Q
3PO





T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT




RP@

M+SXH:6YC97!T:6]N*2!T:')O=6=H/&)R(`O/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C









'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
M







M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V




M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@



M.B`Q)3LG/B8C




M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C8L
38U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!W:61T:#H@
M
24[)SXF(S$V







#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


U-SPO



M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C


M:'0[)SXF(S$V

M9G0[)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;&5F=#LG/B8C


M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C



3$L
3DR/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T









38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED






38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



T0G

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M)SXF(S$V

M86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

M



#L\+W1D


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



M8V








Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M



M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M/C
L
S4W/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B



\+W1D
#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T



@9F]L;&]W










T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


Q

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
M





96=A;!S971T;&5M96YT/]T9#X-






'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@,3`E.R<^
M,S8U+#8R,#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
24[)SXF(S$V

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

T0G=&5X

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
M

M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C



M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V



M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^








M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O


M

M(S$V

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T


#L\+W1D

T0G


38P



M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P






M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@



Y+#4V

M



7!T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N


[


T0G


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T







#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


M)SXM/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





]


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



&5S
M(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/]P/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]



M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





M9V@@/&)R(`O/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C
T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXE/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^





M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY3=&%T92!A;F0@;&]C86P@=&%X97

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C0\+W1D




M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








M


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M*#
X/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@







T0G=&5X




@



M8RX@
S$L(#(P




]
T1T97AT/C$U


]
T1T97AT

]



M

M:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S/'-P


]


]



T1T;W`^4')O

:69E/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ


T1T;W`^5')A;G-P;W)T
M871I;VX@17%U:7!M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3&%N9!);7!R;W9E;65N='




]



]


F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B8E\T.&0V7V$R
65?
#EB8F8W
M

F8X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)C.6(V8F-F
M7S1D8F)?-#AD-E]A






]


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




@26YS=7)E

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4P
M+#`P


M


M92!C86QC=6QA=&EO;B!O9B!D:6QU=&5D($504SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL





]



M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$Q





]
T1N=6UP/B0@






T1T;W`^



86YD(%M-









T1T;W`^0G5I;&1I;F=S(%M-











]
T1T


M

]
M


M9VX]


T1T






]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S(X/'-P86X^

RPS
C@\
















M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

3XT
R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-#
L



F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B
M8E\T.&0V7V$R
65?
#EB8F8W


O4VAE970R-2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




3(@36]N=&AS($5N

M-#
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

2!-;VYT:'



T0Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R









#$Q/&)R


S$L(#(P

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^





]


]


]


]


]


]


]






M)`X.PV











]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#DT


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N=')A
M8W1U86P@4')I8V4@3V8@07-S971S(%-O;&0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]


]


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU


M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R8SEB-F)C9E\T9&)B7S0X9#9?83(Q

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J




M;CTS1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S



2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*




M;'-P86X]
T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3X\+W1H

3XQ($UO;G1H

T0Q
M/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`P.P@
C`Q


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`P
BP@
C`Q

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y-87(N

S$L
M(#(P

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

;&

2P@
C`Q


;&




@


#$L(#(P

86YD(%M-96UB97)=

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

;&



2P@
C`Q

86YD
M964@06-R97

2P@
C`Q

86YD964@06-R
M97


2P@
M
C`Q



























]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]


]


]


]






M-2PP

M/3-$=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@4V%L92!O9B!
86YD($AE;&0M9F]R+75S




















]


]





]
T1R

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(Q










M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#`W



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C






















]
T1N=6UP/C4L


3@I/'-P

3
L

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6T^*#4P+#8X



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@3&5G86P@4V5T=&QE;65N='
\

]
T1N=6UP/C8R


2PS-#@\


























M


]



F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B8E\T.&0V7V$R
65?
#EB8F8W

M
F8X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)C.6(V8F-F7S1D
M8F)?-#AD-E]A






]


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

]






]


C`L-C

S`L-3$U/'-P86X^


;VYG




]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





CXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^


#`L


#`P+#`P


]








^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]





]
T1N=6UP


]


]







S`N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M='

]


]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M





]


T1T;W`^1F5D97)A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]


]
M

]
T1N=6T^


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDS
M+#@Q


]

M86QI9VX]



'!E;G-E/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XD(#$L,3DX/'-P86X^/]S<&%N/CPO




;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R8SEB-F)C9E\T9&)B7S0X9#9?83(Q95\P.6)B




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



]



]








]
T1N=6UP/C$L



T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R



]
T1T

]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@


]
T1N=6T^*#(X+#(V




]
T1N=6T^*#$L-S`T


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R8SEB

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]







M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C


]




]
T1N=6T^*#
X



S@N





]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E/'-P



M;G1E;G0]

^



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P

;W-S






M9F]R=V%R9'




]
T1N=6UP/C$L



T1T;W`^5F%L

3`P+C`P)3QS

]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R



M2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H\+WAM;#X-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X

F
Y8C9B8V9?-&1B8E\T.&0V7V$R
65?
#EB8F8W

F8X+2T-

 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentWarrantsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentWarrantsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_DeferredTaxAssetsLegalSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_DeferredTaxAssetsLossOnSaleOfFixedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToAffiliateCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DevelopmentStageEnterpriseDeficitAccumulatedDuringDevelopmentStage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityIssuancePerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAssetsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDistributionsToAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_CashPaidDuringPeriodForAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransferMortgagePayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionNetNonmonetaryAssetsAcquiredLiabilitiesAssumedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionOtherAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionFixedAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionPayablesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionOtherLiabilitiesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_IssuanceOfEquityInConnectionWithAcquisitionsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionNetNonmonetaryAssetsAcquiredLiabilitiesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_DocumentDocumentandEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_ComponentsOfOtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AreaOfLand'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LandSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfLandHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RentalIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_GainLossOnSaleOfLand'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_LandLeaseAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeOperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_IncomeFromTerminationOfSaleOfLand'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationLand'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPledgedAsCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

