

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-14-018764
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140328
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001471256
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53806
		FILM NUMBER:		14725955
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1193 SEVEN OAKS RD.
		CITY:			WAYNESBORO
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		706-621-6737
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1193 SEVEN OAKS RD.
		CITY:			WAYNESBORO
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30830









     








WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549





&nbsp;


    
    


 2013



    
    


______________





Charter)




        
        

        
        





        
Waynesboro
 Georgia 

        principal executive offices)

        
        




 Including
Area Code)







Common Stock
 $.0001 par value per share






issuer
 &nbsp;&nbsp;No



 &nbsp;&nbsp;No



all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past
90 days.&nbsp; Yes 


electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).&nbsp; Yes 


filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K contained in this form
 and no disclosure will be contained
 to the best of the
registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.&nbsp;&nbsp;See definition of &ldquo;accelerated
filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).



    
    

    
    

    
    



(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).&nbsp; Yes 


 2013 (the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant
was approximately $1
100
339.


 2014
 there were 19
630
714 shares of Common
Stock
 $.0001 par value per share
 outstanding.








    
    











    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    






historical fact included in this Form 10-K including
 without limitation
 statements under Item 1 &ldquo;Business&rdquo; and Item
5 &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; regarding our financial
position
 business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations
 are forward looking statements. When
used in this Form 10-K
 words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend&rdquo; and similar expressions
 as they relate to us or our management
 identify forward looking statements. Such
forward looking statements are based on the beliefs of management
 as well as assumptions made by
 and information currently available
to
 our management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward looking statements as a result
of certain factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All subsequent written or oral forward
looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph.


contained herein
 readers are urged to carefully read those statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially are: inability to obtain necessary financing; competition; loss of key personnel; increases of costs of operations;
continued compliance with government regulations; and general economic conditions.



    
    







Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated in Delaware on August 27
 2009. References herein to &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo;
We are a development stage company seeking alternative
strategic opportunities to maximize shareholder value.




Corp. (&ldquo;Triplecrown&rdquo;)
 a blank check company. CAT Merger Sub
 Inc. (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 a Georgia corporation
was incorporated as our wholly-owned subsidiary on August 31
 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown to complete a
business combination (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) with Cullen Agricultural Technologies Inc. (&ldquo;Cullen Agritech&rdquo;)
 as
contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;)
 dated as of September 4
 2009
 as
amended
 among us
 Triplecrown
 Merger Sub
 Cullen Agritech and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Cullen Holdings&rdquo;). Cullen
Holdings is an entity controlled by Eric J. Watson
 our former Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 Chairman of the Board and Treasurer
and
 prior to the Merger
 was the holder of all of the outstanding common stock of Cullen Agritech.

Pursuant to the Merger
 (i) Triplecrown
merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation and (ii) Merger Sub merged with
and into Cullen Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result of the Merger
the former security holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became the security holders of the Company. Thus
 the Company became
a holding company
 operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech. The Merger was consummated on October 22


 the former shareholders of Triplecrown had an approximate 18% voting
interest in the Company and Cullen Holdings had an approximate 82% voting interest in the Company.

Following the Merger
 we conducted
our operations through Cullen Agritech. Cullen Agritech had conducted its operations primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiary
Natural Dairy Inc. (&ldquo;Natural Dairy&rdquo;). Our business plan following the Merger was to develop
 adapt and implement grazing-based
farming systems in regions of the world where the geophysical and climatic conditions are suitable for a pasture-based model. Upon
consummation of the Merger
 we acquired the intellectual property that made up our proprietary farming system and was the basis
for this business plan. The intellectual property included all constituent components of the proprietary farming system (including
forage growth and yields
 animal genetics and milking systems) that had been developed by adapting established grazing science
processes
 technology
None
of the intellectual property has been registered. 


financing backed by the property we owned and operated to support our working capital needs and implement our business plan
 but
due to the performance of similar types of farming operations in the region
 as well as the general economic downturn
 financial
institutions were unwilling to provide such financing. As a result
 we were unable to obtain the necessary funding to support the
implementation of our business plan. Accordingly
 we began exploring all financing and strategic alternatives available to us.


 the Company disposed of approximately
3
635 acres of land
 constituting all of the Company&rsquo;s property which it had planned to use to deploy its pasture based dairy
and beef business plan. We used the capital received from such sales to support our working capital needs and retire certain of
our outstanding debt to reduce our interest obligations.


opportunities in all industries and regions (whether or not related to our prior business plan) in an effort to maximize shareholder
value. To this end
 the Company has in the past had
 and may in the future have
 discussions with potential merger candidates wishing
to become publicly traded. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in any of such efforts.



    
    






 investigate
 and if such investigation
warrants
 acquire one or more operating businesses desiring the perceived advantages of a publicly held corporation. We will not
restrict our search to any specific business
 industry
 or geographical location
 and may participate in business ventures of virtually
any kind or nature.


commenced operations
 a developing company in need of additional funds to expand into new products or markets or seeking to develop
a new product or service
 or an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and needs additional
capital which is perceived to be easier to raise by a public company. In some instances
 a transaction may involve acquiring or
merging with a company which does not need substantial additional cash but which desires to establish a public trading market for
its common stock. We may purchase assets and establish wholly-owned subsidiaries in various businesses or purchase existing businesses
as subsidiaries.


of being a publicly-traded corporation. Such perceived benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms on which additional
equity financing may be sought
 providing liquidity for the principals of a business
 creating a means for providing incentive
stock options or similar benefits to key employees and providing liquidity (subject to restrictions of applicable statutes) for
all stockholders.


but will rely principally on personal contacts of our management as well as indirect associations with other business and professional
people. We do not presently anticipate that we will engage any professional firm specializing in business acquisitions or reorganizations
in order to locate a target but
 as is customary in the industry
 we may pay a finder&rsquo;s fee for introducing us to an acquisition
prospect that we ultimately acquire. If any such fee is paid
 it will be approved by our Board of Directors and will be in accordance
with the industry standards.


by or under the supervision of our management. See &ldquo;Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance&rdquo;
for information about our current management. In analyzing prospective business opportunities
 management will consider
 among
other factors
 such matters as;





the available technical
financial and managerial resources of the target business;




the target business&rsquo; history of operations
 if any;







the need for further research
 development or exploration relating to the target&rsquo;s products or services;

specific risk factors not now affecting the business but which may be anticipated to impact our proposed activities in the
future;





the perceived public recognition or acceptance of products
 services or trades; and






relating to the merits of a particular business transaction will be based
 to the extent relevant
 on the above factors as well
as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting such a transaction consistent with our business objective.
In evaluating a prospective target business
 we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass
 among other
things
 meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities
 as well as review of financial and other information which
is made available to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties
we may engage.


many of which cannot be identified adequately prior to selecting a specific opportunity. Our stockholders must
 therefore
 depend
on management to identify and evaluate such risks. Even after our participation
 there is a risk that the combined enterprise may
not become a going concern or advance beyond the development stage. Other opportunities may involve new and untested products
processes
 or market strategies that may not succeed. We (and therefore our stockholders) will assume such risks.



    
    



drafting
 and execution of relevant agreements
 disclosure documents
 and other instruments will require substantial management
time and attention as well as substantial costs for accountants
 attorneys
 and others. If a decision is made not to participate
in a specific transaction
 the costs incurred in the related investigation would not be recoverable. Furthermore
 even if an agreement
is reached for the participation in a specific transaction
 the failure to consummate that transaction may result in the loss by
us of the related costs incurred.


target. We will not generate revenue without finding and completing a transaction with a suitable target company. If no such target
is found
 no return on an investment in us will be realized
 and there will not be an active market for our stock.




 evaluating and selecting a target business
we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are
well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical
 human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors.




officer.






COMMENTS.






Seven Oaks Rd.
 Waynesboro
 Georgia 30380. The office space is provided to us at no charge from Hart Acquisitions LLC (&ldquo;Hart&rdquo;)
an affiliate of Richard Watson
 a former director of the Company and the brother of Eric Watson
 our former Chief Executive Officer
and our principal stockholder. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.











    
    









    
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.








symbol CAGZ. The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices for the common stock for the periods indicated
for the last two fiscal years:



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Board under the symbol CAGZW until October 21
 2013 when all outstanding warrants expired.




 2014
 there were 24 holders of record of our
common stock.




The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings
 if any
 capital requirements and
general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of our board of directors. It is the present
intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings
 if any
 for use in our business operations and
 accordingly
 our board
does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.






DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.


in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes thereto contained in this report.


    
    




in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes thereto contained in this report.




conduct our operations through our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agricultural Technologies Inc. (&ldquo;Cullen Agritech&rdquo;).
Cullen Agritech conducts its operations primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Natural Dairy Inc. (&ldquo;Natural Dairy&rdquo;).
To date
 we have not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement our business plan described
below.


property in forage and animal sciences to improve agricultural yields. The Company was formed to develop
 adapt and implement grazing-based
farming systems in regions of the world where the geophysical and climatic conditions are suitable for a pasture-based model. While
the potential for the pasture or grazing model is significant in many of the world&rsquo;s developed and developing economies
the systems are highly specific and require significant adaptation and modification to be successful. We had identified the global
dairy industry as a primary opportunity in which our systems can be applied to improve yields on land and drive cost-base efficiencies.


27
 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Triplecrown&rdquo;)
 a blank check company
 to
complete a business combination (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) with Cullen Agritech
 as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
dated as of September 4
 2009
 as amended
 among us
 Triplecrown
 CAT Merger Sub
 Inc. (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 Cullen Agritech
and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Cullen Holdings&rdquo;). Prior to the Merger
 we were a wholly owned subsidiary of Triplecrown
Merger Sub was our wholly owned subsidiary and Cullen Holdings was the sole stockholder of Cullen Agritech. Pursuant to the Merger
(i) Triplecrown merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation and (ii) Merger
Sub merged with and into Cullen Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as the Company&rsquo;s wholly owned subsidiary. As a result
of the Merger
 the former security holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became our security holders and we became a public
holding company
 operating through Cullen Agritech.





financing backed by the property we owned and operated to support our working capital needs and implement our business plan
 but
due to the performance of similar types of farming operations in the region
 as well as the general economic downturn
 financial
institutions were unwilling to provide such financing. As a result
 we were unable to obtain the necessary funding to support the
implementation of our business plan. Accordingly
 we began exploring all financing and strategic alternatives available to us.


 the Company disposed of approximately
3
635 acres of land
 constituting all of the Company&rsquo;s property which it had planned to use to deploy its pasture based dairy
and beef business plan. We used the capital received from such sales to support our working capital needs and retire certain of
our outstanding debt to reduce our interest obligations.


opportunities in all industries and regions (whether or not related to our prior business plan) in an effort to maximize shareholder
value. To this end
 the Company has in the past had
 and may in the future have
 discussions with potential merger candidates wishing
to become publicly traded. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in any of such efforts.


 investigate
 and if such investigation
warrants
 acquire one or more operating businesses desiring the perceived advantages of a publicly held corporation. We will not
restrict our search to any specific business
 industry
 or geographical location
 and may participate in business ventures of virtually
any kind or nature.





    
    



October 22
 2009
 our activities have been primarily focused on raising capital to fund our business plan and the sale of land
to meet our working capital requirements and repay our outstanding debt. Our current plan is to seek
 investigate
 and if such
investigation warrants
 acquire one or more operating businesses desiring the perceived advantages of a publicly held corporation.
Prior to October 22
 2009 we and our wholly-owned subsidiary were &ldquo;shell companies&rdquo; and conducted no business operations
and did not own or lease any real estate or other property. Our activities during this time were limited to our organization
 the
preparation and filing with the SEC of a Registration Statement on Form S-4 and other matters related to the Merger. To date
 we
have not generated any revenue.




 2013
 we
had a net loss of $310
223. We did not generate any revenues during this period and we are a development stage company. Our operating
expenses of $312
424 for the year ended December 31
 2013 consisted primarily of legal
 accounting and consulting fees and other
general corporate and administrative expenses of $56
960
 $134
851
 $36
492 and $84
121
 respectively.


 2012
 we
had a net loss of $ 49
592. We did not generate any revenues during this period and we are a development stage company. Our expenses
of $336
506 for the year ended December 31
 2012 consisted primarily of legal
 accounting and consulting fees and other general
corporate and administrative expenses of $25
835
 $143
403
 $51
722 and $115
546
 respectively.


 2009 (inception)
through December 31
 2013
 we had a net loss of $4
853
078. We did not generate any revenues during this period and are a development
stage company. Our operating expenses of $3
228
847 for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013 consisted
primarily of legal
 accounting and consulting fees of $1
083
878 as well as employee and general consulting expenses of $611
615
and other general corporate and administrative expenses of $1
533
354.


 2013
 we
had other income
 net
 of $3
461 related to interest income on notes receivable and note payable interest expense related to a
tractor.


 2012
 we
had other income
 net of $288
112 related to lease income
 note payable interest expense related to tractor and gain from the sale
of land.


 2009 (inception)
through December 31
 2013
 we had other expenses
 net
 of $1
616
806 related to lease income
 note payable interest expense related
to tractor and a mortgage payable to a related party
 and a loss from the sale of land and equipment.




 2009
(inception) through December 31
 2013
 we did not have any sources of revenue and incurred a net loss of $4
853
078. As of
December 31
 2013
 we had $678
082 available cash and a working capital of $1
918
906. The Company believes it has sufficient
liquidity to meet operating requirements for the next twelve months.




 assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships
 often referred to as variable interest entities
 which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements.


sheet financing arrangements
 established any special purpose entities
 guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities
 or
acquired any non-financial assets.




described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. However certain accounting policies are particularly important to
the portrayal of financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgments by management.
In applying those policies
 management used its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in determination of
certain estimates. Our accounting policy will be to use estimates based on terms of existing contracts
 observance of trends in
the industry and information available from outside sources
 as appropriate.




Pronouncements in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 1. Management does not believe that any recently issued
but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.



    
    




QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.




AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.


is included herein by reference.&nbsp;


WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.








that material information relating to us is made known to the officer who certifies our financial reports and the board of directors.


 2013
 our principal
executive and principal financial and accounting officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting


adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over
financial reporting is a process used to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and
the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of
records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
the authorization of our board of directors and management; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.


limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. However
 these inherent limitations are known features of the financial
reporting process. Therefore
 it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
 though not eliminate
 this risk.


 under the
supervision of and with the participation of the principal executive and principal financial and accounting officer
 assessed the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2013 based on criteria for effective
 (1992) created by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment
 the Company&rsquo;s management concluded
that the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2013.


    
    




not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting as such report is not required for non-accelerated filers.




 2013
 there were no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially
affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.




 no matter how well conceived and operated
can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable
assurance of achieving its objectives. Our principal executive and principal financial and accounting officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level.







    
    






 EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.







    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


has served as our Chief Executive
Officer and as a member of our board of directors since November 2013. We believe Mr. Vassilakos&rsquo;s extensive public company
and capital markets experience
 as well as his professional contacts and other business experience
 make him well suited to serve
on our board of directors. Mr. Vassilakos has served as the assistant treasurer of Cullen since October 2009. Mr. Vassilakos founded
Petrina Advisors
 Inc.
 a privately held advisory firm providing investment banking services
 and has served as its president since
its formation in July 2007. Mr. Vassilakos also founded and
 since December 2006
 serves as the vice president of Petrina Properties
Ltd.
 a privately held real estate holding company. From November 2011 through February 2012
 Mr. Vassilakos served as Chief Executive
Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and director of Soton Holdings Group
 Inc.
 a publicly held company now known as Rio Bravo Oil
Inc. Mr. Vassilakos also previously served as interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Red Mountain Resources
 Inc. from
February 2011 to March 2011. From February 2002 through June 2007
 Mr. Vassilakos served as vice president of Elmsford Furniture
Corp.
 a privately held furniture retailer in the New York area. Mr. Vassilakos also currently serves on the Board of Directors
of Cross Border Resources
 Inc. (since April 2012) and Red Mountain Resources
 Inc. (since October 2011)
 oil and natural gas exploration
public companies. Mr. Vassilakos received a BS in finance from the Leonard N. Stern Undergraduate School of Business in 1998 and
was a licensed Registered Securities Representative (Series 7 and 63) from February 1996 through February 2002.

 has been a member of our board of
directors since October 2009. We believe Mr. Hersov&rsquo;s contacts and past business experience make him well suited to serve
as a member of our board. Since January 2004
 Mr. Hersov has been the vice chairman of NetJets Europe Ltd.
 a subsidiary of NetJets
Inc.
 a private aviation and fractional jet ownership company which was acquired by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. in 1998. Mr. Hersov
founded and
 from December 2002 to April 2004
 served as the chief executive officer of Marquis Jet Europe
 a private aviation
company which was acquired by NetJets
 Inc. in 2004. Since September 2007
 Mr. Hersov has served as a non-executive director of
Australian privately-owned company Global Aviation Leasing Group. Mr. Hersov is also chairman of Sapinda Limited
 a UK private
company
 which is the main shareholder of Vatas GmbH
 a private German investment company. Mr. Hersov also founded and
 from October
1998 to December 2002
 served as the chairman of Sportal Ltd.
 a company that operates an Internet site that offers sports-related
games and videos. From October 1996 to September 1998
 he served as the executive director of Enic plc
 a holding company listed
on the London Stock Exchange that invests primarily in the sports and media sectors. From September 1995 to September 1997
 Mr.
Hersov was the chief executive officer of Telepiu PayTV in Milan
 Italy
 a pay TV and digital satellite company. From March 1993
to August 1995
 Mr. Hersov served as an executive director of Richemont
 a tobacco
 luxury and media conglomerate listed on the
SWX Swiss Exchange. We believe Mr. Hersov&rsquo;s investment background will assist us in sourcing new avenues of financing needed
to expand our business. Since June 2005
 Mr. Hersov has been a member of the board of directors of Shine Media Acquisition Corp.
a blank check company that was formed to acquire a direct or indirect interest in an operating business in the media and advertising
industry in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. He was a director of Endeavor Acquisition Corp. from July 2005 to December 2007
a director of Victory Acquisition Corp. from January 2007 to April 2009 and a director of Triplecrown from June 2007 to October
2009. Mr. Hersov received a B.B.S. from the University of Cape Town in 1982 and a M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School in 1989.



    
    


 has been a member of our board of
directors since October 2009. We believe Ms. Kennedy&rsquo;s contacts and philanthropic work make her well suited to serve as a
member of our board. She is an American human rights activist and writer. In April 1988
 she established the Robert F. Kennedy
Memorial Center for Human Rights and acted as its executive director until January 1995 working on diverse human rights issues.
Ms. Kennedy has been the Chair of the Amnesty International Leadership Council since January 1996. She was a director of Endeavor
Acquisition Corp. from July 2005 to December 2007
 a director of Victory Acquisition Corp. from January 2007 to April 2009 and
a director of Triplecrown from June 2007 to October 2009. She also serves on the board of directors of the International Center
for Ethics and Justice and Public Life at Brandeis University. Ms. Kennedy received a B.A. from Brown University in 1982 and an
LLM from Boston College Law School in 1987.

 has been a member of our board
of directors since October 2009. We believe Mr. Roberts&rsquo; contacts and past business experience
 including at the Securities
and Exchange Commission
 make him well suited to serve as a member of our board. In March 2006
 Mr. Roberts co-founded a regulatory/legislative
consulting firm
 Roberts
 Raheb &amp; Gradler LLC. He was a partner with Thelen Reid &amp; Priest LLP
 a national law firm
 from
January 1997 to March 2006. From August 1995 to January 1997
 Mr. Roberts was a consultant at Princeton Venture Research
 Inc.
a private consulting firm. From 1990 to 1995
 Mr. Roberts was a commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and
 in
this capacity
 was actively involved in
 has written about or has testified on
 a wide range of subjects affecting the capital
markets. We believe his experience at the Commission will provide us with necessary insight into the requirements and needs of
an emerging public company like ours. Since leaving the Commission
 Mr. Roberts has been a frequent media commentator and writer
on various securities public policy issues and has assisted the Governments of Romania and Ukraine in the development of a securities
market. Mr. Roberts is a member of the board of directors of Red Mountain Resources
 Inc.
 an independent
 growth oriented energy
company that intends to acquire and develop oil and gas properties. He was a director of Nyfix
 Inc. from September 2005 to December
2009
 Endeavor Acquisition Corp. from July 2005 to December 2007
 a director of Victory Acquisition Corp. from January 2007 to
April 2009 and a director of Triplecrown from June 2007 to October 2009. From 1987 to 1990
 he was the chief of staff for Senator
Richard Shelby. He is a member of the Alabama Bar and the District of Columbia Bar. Mr. Roberts is a member of the Advisory Board
of Securities Regulation &amp; Law Reports
 of the Advisory Board of the International Journal of Disclosure and Governance
 and
of the Editorial Board of the Municipal Finance Journal. Mr. Roberts also previously served as a member of the District 10 Regional
Consultative Committee of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 the Market Regulation Advisory Board of the FINRA
 and the
Legal Advisory Board of the FINRA. Mr. Roberts received a B.E.E. from Auburn University in 1973
 a J.D. from the University of
Alabama School of Law in 1976
 and a Master of Laws from the George Washington University Law Center in 1981.

 has been a member of our board of
directors since October 2009. We believe Mr. Hanson&rsquo;s business experience and contacts and relationships make him well suited
to serve as a member of our board. Mr. Hanson has served as a principal of Global Partners Fund
 a private equity fund investing
in asset backed businesses
 since 2009. Prior to this
 he was a director of Babcock &amp; Brown (UK) Ltd. Babcock &amp; Brown was
a principal investment firm headquartered in Sydney and Mr. Hanson worked in the London office from 1997 to 2009. He focused on
Private Equity and Real Estate. Mr Hanson received a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Auckland in New Zealand.




our officers
 directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers
 directors and ten percent stockholders
are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on copies of such forms
received or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required for those persons
 we believe
that
 during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 all required filings were timely made by our officers
 directors and greater
than ten percent beneficial owners.



    
    





 our board of directors
adopted a code of ethics that applies to our directors
 officers and employees as well any subsidiaries we may have in the future.
Requests for copies of our code of ethics should be sent in writing to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.
 1193 Seven Oaks Rd.
Waynesboro
 Georgia 30380.






of Kerry Kennedy
 who is an independent director under the NYSE MKT&rsquo;s listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible
for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers
persons identified by its members
 management
 stockholders and others.


 which are specified in
the nominating committee charter
 generally provide that persons to be nominated:



    
    
should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business
 education or public service;




    
    
should possess the requisite intelligence
 education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills
 diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and




    
    
should have the highest ethical standards
 a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders.



relating to management and leadership experience
 background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person&rsquo;s candidacy
for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes
 such as financial
or accounting experience
 to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time. The nominating committee does not distinguish
among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons.


security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.




Hanson
 Robert Hersov and Richard Y. Roberts
 each of whom has been determined to be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as defined in Rule
10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the rules of the NYSE MKT. The audit committee&rsquo;s duties
 which are specified in our audit committee
charter
 include
 but are not limited to:



    
    
reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements
 and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    




    
    
pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor
 including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
establishing procedures for the receipt
 retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting
 internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and




    
    
reviewing and approving any related party transactions we may enter into. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction
 including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party&rsquo;s interest in the transaction.





of &ldquo;independent directors&rdquo; who are &ldquo;financially literate&rdquo; as defined under the NYSE MKT listing standards.
The definition of &ldquo;financially literate&rdquo; generally means being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements
including a company&rsquo;s balance sheet
 income statement and cash flow statement.


 our board of directors has determined that Edward
Hanson qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC.




Richard Y. Roberts
 each of whom is an independent director. The principal functions of the compensation committee are:



    
    
evaluate the performance of our officers


    
    
    

    
    
review any compensation payable to our directors and officers


    
    
    

    
    
prepare compensation committee reports
 and

    
    
    

    
    
    






officers will be administered by our board in consultation with the compensation committee. Our compensation policies will be intended
to provide for compensation that is sufficient to attract
 motivate and retain executives of outstanding ability and potential
and to establish an appropriate relationship between executive compensation and the creation of shareholder value. To meet these
goals
 the compensation committee will be charged with recommending executive compensation packages to our board of directors.


and equity-based compensation will be an important foundation in executive compensation packages as we believe it is important
to maintain a strong link between executive incentives and the creation of shareholder value. We believe that performance and equity-based
compensation can be an important component of the total executive compensation package for maximizing shareholder value while
at the same time
 attracting
 motivating and retaining high-quality executives.



    
    





 our former principal executive and financial officer
resigned from his positions with the Company in November 2013. Prior to his resignation
 Mr. Watson had agreed that he would not
receive any salary or bonus from us until we had positive earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization. Accordingly
he did not receive any compensation in the years ended December 31
 2012 or 2013.


 our current principal executive and financial
officer
 was appointed our Chief Executive Officer in November 2013. Prior to his appointment
 an affiliate of Mr. Vassilakos received
a $5
000 per month fee for acting as a consultant to us. Upon his appointment
 we ceased paying this fee to Mr. Vassilakos&rsquo;
affiliate.




December 31
 2013. We currently do not have a definitive compensation plan for our directors.


OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.



ownership of our common stock as of March 22
 2014 by:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



 we believe that all persons named
in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.



    
    
    

    
325
000
    

    
60
000
    

    
60
000
    

    
60
000
    

    
60
000
    

    
11
206
148
    

    
2
000
000
    

    
565
000
    








    
    




    
Unless otherwise indicated
 the business address of each of the individuals is 1193 Seven Oaks Rd.
 Waynesboro
 Georgia 30380.




    
    




    
Ms. Kennedy&rsquo;s business address is c/o Robert F. Kennedy Center
 1367 Connecticut Avenue N.W.
 Suite 200
 Washington
 D.C. 20036.




    
Mr. Hersov&rsquo;s business address is NetJets Europe
 Ltd.
 Grundstrasse 12
 6343 Rotkreuz
 Switzerland.




    
Mr. Roberts&rsquo; business address is Roberts
    Raheb &amp; Gradler
 LLC
 1200 New Hampshire Avenue N.W.
 Suite 300
 Washington
 DC 20036.




    
Mr. Hanson&rsquo;s business address is c/o Edward Hanson
 22 Bruton Street
 Third Floor
 London W1J 6QE
 UK.




    
Mr. Watson&rsquo;s business address is Level 9
 68 Shortland Street
 P.O. Box 91269
 Auckland
 New Zealand.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Watson resigned from his positions as an officer and director of the Company in November 2013.




    
Represents shares of common stock held by Cullen Holdings
 an entity controlled by Mr. Watson.




    
Mr. Ledecky&rsquo;s business address is 970 West Broadway
 PMB 402
 Jackson
 WY 83001.




    
Includes 600
000 shares of common stock held by Hat Tricks LLC
 an affiliate of Mr. Ledecky.







    

 warrants and rights

 warrants and rights
    

    
    
    
2
405
914

    
    
    
2
405
914



AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.&nbsp;



founders&rsquo; shares (that is
 shares held by the shareholders of Triplecrown prior to its initial public offering that became
our stockholders upon consummation of the Merger) are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such shares pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into with Triplecrown in connection with Triplecrown&rsquo;s initial public offering.
The holders of the majority of the founders&rsquo; shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time. In addition
these holders have certain &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo; registration rights on registration statements filed subsequent to such date.
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.


 we issued
to Cullen Holdings a promissory note in the amount of $6
853
918
 representing part of the purchase price of a certain piece of
land to be used by us following the Closing. This amount was originally to be paid to Cullen Holdings at Closing but sufficient
funds were not available.&nbsp;On March 30
 2010
 the parties amended the terms of the promissory note to extend the maturity date
to January 20
 2011.&nbsp;On March 2
 2011
 the parties further amended the terms of the promissory note to extend the maturity
date to January 20
 2012. The promissory note accrued interest at the rate of 8% per annum. As of December 31
 2010
 we had repaid
Cullen Holdings $6
650
000 of the note
 consisting of $6
436
998 of principal and $213
002 of interest
 with $593
629 of the principal
still outstanding. On April 6
 2011
 Cullen Holdings loaned us an additional $100
000 and as a result
 we issued an amended and
restated promissory note of $693
629. We repaid the balance of the note in August 2011.



    
    



 2011
 we entered into an
agreement with Hart for the lease of 120 acres of our property from January 1
 2011 through August 31
 2011. This area of land
consists of 100 irrigated acres and 20 non-irrigated acres. The agreement called for Hart to pay
 in advance
 $117 per acre of
irrigated land and $33 per acre of non-irrigated land. The Company received $12
360 for the lease of this land as of December 31
2011.


 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with
Hart for the sale of all 342 of the Company&rsquo;s cattle for $436
950. The sale closed on December 9
 2011 and the Company received
$420
534 for the sale of the cattle due to certain adjustments made to pursuant to the terms of the agreement.




 wherever possible
all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interest
 except under guidelines approved
by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (i) the aggregate
amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120
000 in any calendar year
 (ii) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant
and (iii) any (a) executive officer
 director or nominee for election as a director
 (b) greater than 5 percent beneficial owner
of our common stock
 or (c) immediate family member
 of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b)
 has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 percent beneficial owner of
another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult
to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person
 or a member of his or
her family
 receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position.


 pursuant to its written charter
 is responsible
for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit committee will
consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction
 including whether the related party
transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar
circumstances and the extent of the related party&rsquo;s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval
of any transaction in which he is a related party
 but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material
information concerning the transaction. Additionally
 we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine
whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part
of a director
 or officer.




a director is independent. As a result
 our board of directors consults with its counsel to ensure that the board&rsquo;s determinations
are consistent with those rules and all relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the independence of directors.
The NYSE MKT requires that a majority of the board must be composed of &ldquo;independent directors
&rdquo; which is defined generally
as a person other than an officer of a company
 who does not have a relationship with the company that would interfere with the
director&rsquo;s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Consistent with these considerations
our board of directors has affirmatively determined that each of Robert B. Hersov
 Kerry Kennedy
 Richard Y. Roberts and Edward
Hanson will be our independent directors.



    
    


PART
IV



FEES AND SERVICES.



independent registered public accounting firm.&nbsp;The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum LLP for services rendered.




31
 2013 and 2012
 audit fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were $42
500 and $51
500
 respectively.




31
 2013 and 2012
 we incurred no audit related fees.




 2013
and 2012
 the principal accountant billed $8
000 and $0
 respectively
 for tax compliance.




31
 2013 and 2012
 there were no fees billed for services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than
those set forth above.




the foregoing services.&nbsp;&nbsp;In accordance with Section 10A(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 before we engage our
independent accountant to render audit or non-audit services on a going-forward basis
 the engagement will be approved by our audit
committee.


STATEMENT SCHEDULES.




    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
 dated as of September 4
 2009
 by and among Triplecrown Acquisition Corp.
 Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.
 Cullen Agricultural Technologies Inc.
 Triplecrown Merger Sub and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd.(1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    





    
    
    

    
    
Sales Contract with Wilbert Roller
 Jr. (6)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note dated November 18
 2013*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Financial Statements
 (ii) Balance Sheets
 (iii) Statements of Operations
 (iv) Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
 (v) Statement of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 as blocks of text and in detail.*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    










    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-161773) filed on September 8
 2009.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to Triplecrown&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-144523 and 333-146850) filed on September 24
 2007.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-161773) filed on September 10
 2009.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed October 22
 2009.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed May 3
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Incorporated by reference to Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed March 14
 2013.





    
    





of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized on the&nbsp;28



    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
        
        
        



 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Director and Chief Executive Officer (Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
March 28
 2014

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 28
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 28
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 28
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 28
 2014

    
    
    
    
    




    
    












    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
    

    
    

Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 and the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013
    

    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013
    

    
    

Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 and the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013
    

    
    

    
    




    
    









of Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries (a development stage company) (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December
31
 2013 and 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows
for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.


the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not
required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present
fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries (a development stage
company)
 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31
2013 and 2012 and for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.





 New York

 2014



    
    













    

    
    
    

    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    

    
678
082
2
239
619

    
1
871
1
871

    
69
512
32
236

    
1
200
000
    

    
1
949
465
2
273
726

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
91
861
91
861

    
    
    

    
2
041
326
2
365
587

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
097
23
965

    
10
462
10
170

    
    
    

    
30
559
34
135

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
10
462

    
    
    

    
    
10
462

    
    
    

    
30
559
44
597

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 par value $0.0001; authorized 1
000
000 shares;
    
    

    
    
    


 par value $0.0001; 200
000
000 shares authorized;
    
    


630
714 shares issued and outstanding
1
964
1
964

    
6
861
881
6
861
881

    
(4
853
078
(4
542
855

    
    
    

    
2
010
767
2
320
990

    
    
    

    
2
041
326
2
365
587





The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    
















    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2009

    
    
    
    

    

 2013

 2012

 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
312
424
336
506
3
228
847

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(312
424
(336
506
(3
228
847

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
3
945
    
3
945

    
    
    
(456
135

    
    
    
(2
979

    
    
    
71
348


 plant and equipment
    
    
(963
172


 net
    
212
887
(563
074


 net
    
76
000
293
261

    
    
    
    

    
3
461
288
112
(1
616
806

    
    
    
    

    
(308
963
(48
394
(4
845
653

    
    
    
    

    
1
260
1
198
7
425

    
    
    
    

    
(310
223
(49
592
(4
853
078

    
    
    
    

    
19
630
714
19
630
714
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    






part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    




&nbsp;
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. and Subsidiaries
&nbsp;
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (a development stage company)



OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY

For
the Period From June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013








    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Paid-in Capital
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE - Beginning June 3
 2009 (inception)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of stock to initial stockholder &ndash; 100 shares at $0.0001
    per share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of stock due to Merger&nbsp;&nbsp;&ndash; 19
247
211 shares at $0.0001 per share
    on October 22
 2009
    
    
19
247
211
    
    
    
1
925
    
    
    
6
061
820
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
063
745
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through
    December 31
 2009
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(612
526
    
    
    
(612
526
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 - December 31
 2009
    
    
19
247
311
    
    
    
1
925
    
    
    
6
061
920
    
    
    
(612
526
    
    
    
5
451
319
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
403
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
49
999
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
375
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
749
962
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
750
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2010
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(4
134
527
    
    
    
(4
134
527
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 - December 31
 2010
    
    
19
630
714
    
    
    
1
964
    
    
    
6
861
881
    
    
    
(4
747
053
    
    
    
2
116
792
    

Net income for year ended December 31
 2011
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
253
790
    
    
    
253
790
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 - December 31
 2011
    
    
19
630
714
    
    
    
1
964
    
    
    
6
861
881
    
    
    
(4
493
263
    
    
    
2
370
582
    

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(49
592
    
    
    
(49
592
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 - December 31
 2012
    
    
19
630
714
    
    
    
1
964
    
    
    
6
861
881
    
    
    
(4
542
855
    
    
    
2
320
990
    

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(310
223
    
    
    
(310
223
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 - December 31
 2013
    
    
19
630
714
    
    
    
1
964
    
    
    
6
861
881
    
    
    
(4
853
078
    
    
    
2
010
767
    





part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    




















    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
June 3
 2009
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    
    
&nbsp;December 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(310
223
    
    
    
(49
592
    
    
    
(4
853
078
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(212
887
    
    
    
563
074
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
212
    
    
    
110
045
    

Impairment loss on property
 plant and equipment
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
963
172
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(37
276
    
    
    
1
109
    
    
    
(69
512
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
349
969
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(27
943
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
868
    
    
    
(6
546
    
    
    
204
984
    

    
    
    
(351
367
    
    
    
(268
647
    
    
    
(1
731
346
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(841
849
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
468
626
    
    
    
7
714
299
    

    
    
    
(1
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
200
000
    

    
    
    
(1
200
000
    
    
    
1
468
626
    
    
    
5
672
450
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(7
130
627
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(6
539
    
    
    
(329
060
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
943
    
    
    
318
568
    

    
    
    
(10
170
    
    
    
(9
883
    
    
    
(29
658
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
057
755
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
750
000
    

    
    
    
(10
170
    
    
    
11
521
    
    
    
(3
263
022
    

    
    
    
(1
561
537
    
    
    
1
211
500
    
    
    
678
082
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
239
619
    
    
    
1
028
119
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
678
082
    
    
    
2
239
619
    
    
    
678
082
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
458
190
    

    
    
    
1
260
    
    
    
1
260
    
    
    
3
770
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisition of property
 plant and equipment through issuance of debt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
120
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
176
709
    

On October 22
 2009
 the Company completed its reverse merger and
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
349
969
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
560
482
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(6
853
918
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(41
822
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(8
621
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
925
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
004
165
    






part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    



CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES




Organization
Business Operations and Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation and
Management&rsquo;s Plans


&ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) was incorporated in Delaware on August 27
 2009.
We are a development stage company. Our principal focus was to use our intellectual property in forage and animal sciences to improve
agricultural yields. To date
 we have not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement
our business plan. Our current plan is to seek
 investigate
 and if such investigation warrants
 acquire one or more operating
businesses desiring the perceived advantages of a publicly held corporation. We will not restrict our search to any specific business
industry
 or geographical location
 and may participate in business ventures of virtually any kind or nature.


of Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Triplecrown&rdquo;)
 a blank check company. CAT Merger Sub
 Inc. (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
a Georgia corporation
 was incorporated as our wholly-owned subsidiary on August 31
 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown
to complete a business combination (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) with Cullen Agricultural Technologies
 Inc. (&ldquo;Cullen Agritech&rdquo;)
as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;)
 dated as of September 4
 2009
as amended
 among Triplecrown
 the Company
 Merger Sub
 Cullen Agritech and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Cullen Holdings&rdquo;).
Cullen Agritech was formed on June 3
 2009. Cullen Agritech&rsquo;s primary operations are conducted through Natural Dairy Inc.
a wholly owned subsidiary of Cullen Agritech. Cullen Holdings is an entity controlled by Eric J. Watson
 our former Chief Executive
Officer
 Secretary
 Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and
 prior to the Merger
 was the holder of all of the outstanding common
stock of Cullen Agritech.


 (i) Triplecrown
merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation and (ii) Merger Sub merged with
and into Cullen Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result of
the Merger
 the former security holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became the security holders of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;Thus
the Company became a holding company
 operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Merger was
consummated on October 22
 2009.




the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech
 including its wholly owned subsidiary
 Natural Dairy.
All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.



    
    



CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES




Organization
 Business
Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
 continued




with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances that
may be uninsured or in deposit accounts that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. The Company maintains its cash
deposits with major financial institutions.

Property
 Plant and Equipment


net of accumulated depreciation. The Company charges repairs and maintenance items to expense
 while major improvements and betterments
are capitalized.


on the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives of the assets:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





statements in conformity with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.



    
    


CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES




Organization
 Business
Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
 continued




assets in accordance with&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 360 &ldquo;Plant
 Property and Equipment
&rdquo; for purposes of determining and measuring impairment of its
long-lived assets other than goodwill. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to review the value assigned to its long lived assets to determine
if they have been permanently impaired by adverse conditions which may affect the Company whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.&nbsp;&nbsp;If the Company identifies a permanent impairment such that
the carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s long lived assets is not recoverable using the sum of an undiscounted cash flow projection
the impaired asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value
 based on an estimate of future discounted cash flows which becomes
the new cost basis for the impaired asset.&nbsp;&nbsp;Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate undiscounted future
operating cash flows and fair values and
 accordingly
 actual results could vary significantly from such estimates.




ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 260&rdquo;). In accordance with ASC 260
 earnings per common share amounts
(&ldquo;Basic EPS&rdquo;) are computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Earnings per common share amounts
 assuming dilution (&ldquo;Diluted EPS&rdquo;)
 gives effect to dilutive options
 warrants
and other potential common stock outstanding during the period. ASC 260 requires the presentation of both Basic EPS and Diluted
EPS on the face of the statements of operations. The effect of the Merger has been given retroactive application in the EPS calculation.
At December 31
 2012
 there were 74
000
000 warrants outstanding
 that were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS because
the effects of these securities would have been anti-dilutive.


using the average number of common shares outstanding and diluted earnings per share is computed on the basis of the average number
of common shares outstanding plus the effect of outstanding warrants using the &ldquo;treasury stock method.&rdquo;




accordance with FASB ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 740&rdquo;). ASC 740 requires an asset and liability approach
for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and establishes for all entities a minimum threshold for financial statement
recognition of the benefit of tax positions
 and requires certain expanded disclosures. The provision for income taxes is based
upon income or loss after adjustment for those permanent items that are not considered in the determination of taxable income.
Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of the Company&rsquo;s assets
and liabilities at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company
evaluates the recoverability of deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that
some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the
tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In management&rsquo;s opinion
adequate provisions for income taxes have been made. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates
 additional
allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.


tax return and its state tax return in Georgia as &ldquo;major&rdquo; tax jurisdictions. Based on the Company&rsquo;s evaluation
 it has
been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial
statements. The evaluation was performed for tax years 2009 through 2013 which are open for tax authority review. The Company
believes that its income tax positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that will
result in a material change to its financial position or results of operations.



    
    



CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES




Organization
 Business
Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
 continued


interest and penalties associated with tax audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;There
were no amounts accrued for penalties and interest for years ended December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 or the period from June
3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company does not expect its uncertain tax position to change during
the next twelve months.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments
 accruals or material deviations from its position.

Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting
Pronouncements


issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the consolidated financial
statements.




 2013 and December 31
 2012
property and equipment consisted of the following:



    

&nbsp;2013

&nbsp;2012

    
154
229
154
229

    
3
328
3
328

    
157
557
157
557

    
65
696
65
696


 net
91
861
91
861



$0
 $27
212 and $110
045 for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through
December 31
 2013 and
 respectively.


December 31
 2012 and as a result the Company has not recorded depreciation expense related to these assets.




 2013 and 2012
 $1
871
was due from Hart
 an affiliate of one of the Company&rsquo;s former directors.




 2013
 the
Company provided a loan in the amount of $600
000 to an operating company (the &ldquo;Borrower&rdquo;) with which the Company
has been engaged in discussions regarding a potential acquisition. On December 5
 2013
 the Company provided a second loan
to Borrower in the amount of $600
000. Pursuant to the terms of the respective promissory notes
 the loans bear interest at
a rate of 6% per annum and mature on August 31
 2014. The Borrower has granted the Company a security interest in all of
Borrower&rsquo;s accounts receivable and inventory. During 2013
 the Company recorded interest income of $3
945 related to
these notes.



    
    


CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES







 2012
 the Company entered into
a Sales Contract (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Patrick and Sherry Farrell (collectively
 the &ldquo;Farrells&rdquo;) to sell to
the Farrells approximately 1
035 acres of land for approximately $1
524
000. On May 15
 2012
 the closing of the sale took place
and the Company recognized a gain of $212
887 which was included in other income (expense)
 net
 in the consolidated statements
of operations. In conjunction with the Agreement
 the Company entered into a lease agreement with Farrell to lease the 1
035 acres
through the closing date which the Company recognized as rental income during the year ended December 31
 2012 which is included
in other income
 net
 in the consolidated statements of operations.




 2010 the Company entered into
a note payable to a financial institution due May 15
 2014
 payable in annual installments of $10
768
 which includes interest
of 2.9% per annum. The note payable is secured by certain farming equipment. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the outstanding principal
balance was $10
462 and $20
632
 respectively. At December 31
 2013
 principal payments due in 2014 amounted to $10
462.




 2012
 warrants to purchase
74
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock were outstanding. These warrants had an exercise strike price of $12.00 per
share and expired on October 22
 2013.




Equity Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) permits the granting of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and other
stock based awards to officers
 employees
 directors and consultants of the Company for up to 2
405
914 shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Option
awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price on the date of grant and they generally vest over a three year
period and expire between 5 and 10 years from the date of issuance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Stock appreciation rights may be awarded in tandem
with an option and shall no longer be exercisable upon termination or the exercise of the related option.&nbsp;&nbsp;The term of
the stock appreciation right is determined by the Plan&rsquo;s committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;Restricted stock and other stock based awards
are awarded at the discretion of the Plan&rsquo;s committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from
June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013
 there have been no awards granted under this Plan.



    
    

CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES







(benefit) are as follows:



    

 2013

 2012

 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
260
1
198
7
425

    
1
260
1
198
7
425

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(114
855
(11
192
(1
652
544

    
(13
376
(1
303
(192
470

    
(128
231
(12
495
(1
845
014

    
128
231
12
495
1
845
014

    
    
    
    

    
1
260
1
198
7
425



 if applicable
 are
provided for the differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and income tax purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;A
valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.


that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:



    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    

    
    
365
620

    
1
845
015
1
390
724

    
1
845
015
1
756
344

    
    
    

    
    
(39
560

    
    
(39
560

    
(1
845
015
(1
716
784

    
    
    


As of
December 31
 2013 the Company has an estimated net operating loss carry forward (&ldquo;NOLs&rdquo;) of $4
886
567 which begins
to expire starting in 2029.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company has determined that the deferred tax asset has no value at this time
 as the
Company does not believe it will utilize these losses in the future
 and accordingly has recorded a valuation allowance of 100%
of the deferred tax asset.



    
    

CULLEN AGRICULTURAL HOLDING CORP. AND
SUBSIDIARIES





Note 9 &ndash; Income Taxes
 continued



 2013
 the
valuation allowance has increased by $128
231.


taxes with the amounts computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax to income from continuing operations before provision
for income taxes is as follows:



    
Ended December 31
 
Ended December 31
 
June 3
 2009 (inception) through 
 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





after the balance sheet date but before the consolidated financial statements are issued. Based upon the evaluation
 the Company
did not identify any recognized or non recognized subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated
financial statements through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued.



    














     












November 18
 2013


    

 New York



 LONG ISLAND BRAND BEVERAGES
LLC
&rdquo;)
 having an address at P.O. Box 845
 Long Beach
 New York
11561
 hereby promises to pay to the order of Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.
 having an address at 1193 Seven Oaks Rd. Waynesboro
GA 30830
 its successors and/or assigns (any of which is hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;Holder&rdquo;)
 the sum of Six Hundred
Thousand Dollars and No Cents ($600
000.00)
 together with interest to the extent and at the rate specified herein from and after
the date hereof.


of a Letter Agreement (&ldquo;Letter Agreement&rdquo;) dated of even date herewith between the Maker and Holder and Holder hereof
is entitled to the benefits provided for therein. Terms used but not defined herein shall have their respective meanings assigned
in the Letter Agreement. Maker hereby grants the Holder a security interest in all of the inventory and accounts receivables of
the Company (together
 the &ldquo;Collateral&rdquo;). Reference herein to the Letter Agreement and Collateral shall in no way impair
the absolute and unconditional obligation of the Maker to pay both principal and interest
 if any
 as provided herein.


Note shall be due and payable in lawful money of the United States on August 31
 2014 (the &ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;); provided
however
 that the principal and accrued interest owed hereunder shall be applied to the purchase price of the Membership Interests
if the Holder exercises the Option and purchases the Membership Interests.


principal balance of this Note commencing on the date hereof and shall be due and payable
 without demand or notice
 on the Maturity
Date
 at a rate of 6% per annum; provided
 however
 that if the Holder does not make the Additional Loan
 such interest rate shall
increase to 12%.


000 of the principal
amount shall be used solely to repay all remaining amounts due to Struck Holdings LLC under the Struck Agreement.


outstanding and unpaid
 Maker will not
 unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder
 (i) create
 incur
 assume or suffer
to exist (other than indebtedness existing on the date hereof) any indebtedness for borrowed funds (institutional or otherwise)
which is not subordinated in all respects to the indebtedness under this Note or (ii) consolidate or merge into
 or transfer or
lease all or substantially all of its assets to
 any person unless (A) the person is a corporation
 (B) the person assumes in a
writing reasonably acceptable to the Holder all the obligations of the Maker under this Note and (C) immediately after the transaction
no default under this Note exists. The surviving transferee or lessee corporation shall be the successor Maker
 but the predecessor
Maker in the case of a transfer or lease shall not be released from the obligation to pay the principal of and interest of this
Note.


 with or without notice to Maker
or any guarantor or other party liable herefor
 extend or renew this Note
 or extend the time for making payment of any amount
provided for herein
 or accept any amount in advance
 all without affecting the liability of Maker or any other party or guarantor
liable herefor.


    
    



Agreement pursuant to the Letter Agreement by December 15
 2013
 this Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without
penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment.


 the whole
sum of principal and accrued interest shall become due immediately at the option of Holder. Default shall include
 but not be limited
to: (i) failure to make any payment hereunder at the time prescribed for payment; (ii) filing
 as to the Maker or any guarantor
or endorser of this Note
 of an involuntary petition which is not dismissed within sixty (60) days or of a voluntary petition under
the provisions of the Federal Bankruptcy Code or any state statute for the relief of debtors; (iii) default in the payment of principal
or interest on any obligation in excess of $100
000 for borrowed money beyond the period of grace
 if any
 provided with respect
thereto or default in the performance or observance of any other term
 condition or agreement contained in any such obligation
or in any agreement relating thereto
 if the effect thereof is to cause
 or permit the holder or holders of such obligation (or
a trustee on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause such obligation to become due prior to its stated maturity and such default
remains unremedied for a period of 10 days; (iv) final judgment for the payment of money in excess of $100
000 shall be rendered
against Maker and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30) days during which execution of such judgment shall
not be effectively stayed; or (v) any breach or other default by the Maker under this Note or the Loan and Option Agreement which
is not cured within five (5) days after the Maker receives notice from the Holder of the occurrence thereof.


sum as herein stated are of the essence of this Note. Upon the occurrence of a default
 the amount of the principal sum hereunder
plus reasonable attorneys fees and expenses
 shall bear interest from the date thereof to the actual date of payment (whether such
payment is made voluntarily or as a result of legal process) at the maximum rate of interest permitted by law or 18% per annum
whichever is lower
 from the date of the default to the date of actual payment.


whether principal
 endorser
 guarantor or otherwise
 jointly and severally hereby (i) waive presentment
 demand
 protest
 notice
of dishonor and/or protest
 notice of non-payment and all other notices or demands in connection with the delivery
 acceptance
performance
 default
 enforcement or guaranty of this Note
 (ii) waive recourse to suretyship defenses generally
 including extensions
of time
 releases of security and other indulgences which may be granted from time to time by Holder to Maker or any party liable
herefor
 and (iii) agree to pay all costs and expenses
 including reasonable attorneys fees
 in connection with the enforcement
or collection of this Note.


other agreement between Maker and Holder shall require Maker to pay
 or Holder to accept
 interest in an amount which would subject
Holder to any penalty or forfeiture under applicable law. In no event shall the total of all charges payable hereunder
 whether
of interest or of such other charges which may or might be characterized as interest
 exceed the maximum rate permitted to be charged
under applicable law. Should Holder receive any payment which is or would be in excess of that permitted to be charged under such
applicable law
 such payment shall have been and shall be deemed to have been made in error and shall automatically be applied
to reduce the principal balance outstanding on this Note.


 by any act
 delay
 omission
or otherwise
 be deemed to have waived any of its rights and/or remedies hereunder
 and no waiver whatsoever shall be valid unless
in writing
 signed by Holder
 and then only to the extent therein set forth. The making of any demands or the giving of any notices
by Holder or a waiver by Holder of any right and/or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to or
waiver of any right and/or remedy which Holder would otherwise have on any future occasion. All rights and remedies of Holder shall
be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently.


    
    



Holder to any person controlling
 controlled by or under common control with the Holder or to any affiliate of the Holder on notice
to Maker.


the payment
 cancellation or surrender of this Note. Any instrument taken by Holder in payment of
 or for application against
any obligation of Maker or any other party liable herefor shall not operate as a discharge of such obligation until the instrument
is finally paid
 notwithstanding the fact that a bank may be the maker
 drawer or acceptor of such instrument.


in accordance with the law of the State of New York without giving effect to choice of law principles. MAKER AND EACH OTHER PARTY
LIABLE HEREFOR
 IN ANY LITIGATION IN WHICH HOLDER SHALL BE AN ADVERSE PARTY
 WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY AND WAIVES THE RIGHT TO INTERPOSE
ANY DEFENSE
 SETOFF OR COUNTERCLAIM OF ANY NATURE OR DESCRIPTION. ANY SUCH LITIGATION SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION
OF THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY
 NEW YORK.




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    














     













    
    
    

    
    
    

Cullen Agricultural Technologies
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

Natural Dairy
 Inc.*
    
    




 Inc. is 100% owned by Cullen Agricultural Technologies
Inc.



    





















     









UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934
 AS AMENDED




 Paul N. Vassilakos
 certify that:


reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp.;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
report;


responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the issuer is made known to me by others within those entities
 particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in this report any change in the issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer's most recent
fiscal quarter (the issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and


disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the issuer's auditors and the audit
committee of the issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and


fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer's internal
control over financial reporting.


 2014


    

    
    

    
    
        
        
        




    


















     









SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


Holding Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 each of the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the dates indicated
below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
that:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company.


 2014


    

    
    

    
    
        
        
        




    























      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      





      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      



    


    




        


        




    


    


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 &amp;#8220;we&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on August 27
 2009. We are a development stage company. Our principal focus was to use our intellectual property in forage and animal sciences to improve agricultural yields. To date
 we have not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement our business plan. Our current plan is to seek
 investigate
 and if such investigation warrants
 acquire one or more operating businesses desiring the perceived advantages of a publicly held corporation. We will not restrict our search to any specific business
 industry
 or geographical location

 a blank check company. CAT Merger Sub
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Merger Sub&amp;#8221;)
 a Georgia corporation
 was incorporated as our wholly-owned subsidiary on August 31
 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown to complete a business combination (the &amp;#8220;Merger&amp;#8221;) with Cullen Agricultural Technologies
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Cullen Agritech&amp;#8221;)
 as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &amp;#8220;Merger Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 dated as of September 4
 2009
 as amended
 among Triplecrown
 the Company
 Merger Sub
 Cullen Agritech and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Cullen Holdings&amp;#8221;). Cullen Agritech was formed on June 3
 2009. Cullen Agritech&amp;#8217;s primary operations are conducted through Natural Dairy Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Cullen Agritech. Cullen Holdings is an entity controlled by Eric J. Watson
 our&amp;#160;former&amp;#160;Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and
 prior to the Merger

 (i) Triplecrown merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation and (ii) Merger Sub merged with and into Cullen Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As a result of the Merger
 the former security holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became the security holders of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Thus
 the Company became a holding company
 operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Merger was consummated on October 22

 Cullen Agritech
 including its wholly owned subsidiary


 net of accumulated depreciation. The Company charges repairs and maintenance items to expense

 Property and Equipment
&amp;#8221; for purposes of determining and measuring impairment of its long-lived assets other than goodwill. The Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to review the value assigned to its long lived assets to determine if they have been permanently impaired by adverse conditions which may affect the Company whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If the Company identifies a permanent impairment such that the carrying amount of the Company&amp;#8217;s long lived assets is not recoverable using the sum of an undiscounted cash flow projection
 the impaired asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value
 based on an estimate of future discounted cash flows which becomes the new cost basis for the impaired asset.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate undiscounted future operating cash flows and fair values and
 accordingly

 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 260&amp;#8221;). In accordance with ASC 260
 earnings per common share amounts (&amp;#8220;Basic EPS&amp;#8221;) are computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Earnings per common share amounts
 assuming dilution (&amp;#8220;Diluted EPS&amp;#8221;)
 gives effect to dilutive options
 warrants
 and other potential common stock outstanding during the period. ASC 260 requires the presentation of both Basic EPS and Diluted EPS on the face of the statements of operations. The effect of the Merger has been given retroactive application in the EPS calculation. At December 31
 2012
 there were &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 74
000
000&lt;/font&gt; warrants outstanding

 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;). ASC 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and establishes for all entities a minimum threshold for financial statement recognition of the benefit of tax positions
 and requires certain expanded disclosures. The provision for income taxes is based upon income or loss after adjustment for those permanent items that are not considered in the determination of taxable income. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company evaluates the recoverability of deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In management&amp;#8217;s opinion
 adequate provisions for income taxes have been made. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates


 2013 and December 31
 2012 or the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company does not expect its uncertain tax position to change during the next twelve months.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments

 but not yet effective


 2013 and December 31
 2012














 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;27
212&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;110
045&lt;/font&gt; for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013 and



 2013 and 2012

871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; was due from Hart


 2012
 the Company entered into a Sales Contract (&amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Patrick and Sherry Farrell (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Farrells&amp;#8221;) to sell to the Farrells approximately &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
035&lt;/font&gt; acres of land for approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
524
000&lt;/font&gt;. On May 15
 2012
 the closing of the sale took place and the Company recognized a gain of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;212
887&lt;/font&gt; which was included in other income (expense)
 net
 in the consolidated statements of operations. In conjunction with the Agreement
 the Company entered into a lease agreement with Farrell to lease the 1
035 acres through the closing date which the Company recognized as rental income during the year ended December 31
 2012 which is included in other income
 net


 2010 the Company entered into a note payable to a financial institution due &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;May 15
 2014&lt;/font&gt;
 payable in annual installments of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
768&lt;/font&gt;
 which includes interest of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2.9&lt;/font&gt;% per annum. The note payable is secured by certain farming equipment. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the outstanding principal balance was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
462&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;20
632&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively. At December 31
 2013



 2012
 warrants to purchase &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 74
000



 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and other stock based awards to officers
 employees
 directors and consultants of the Company for up to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
405

 2013 and 2012 and&amp;#160;for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013




&amp;#160;2009 (inception)&lt;br/&gt; through&amp;#160;December 31









652






845



845




 if applicable




845

390

845

756



845

716

 2013 the Company has an estimated net operating loss carry forward (&amp;#8220;NOLs&amp;#8221;) of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
886
567&lt;/font&gt; which begins to expire starting in 2029.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company has determined that the deferred tax asset has no value at this time
 as the Company does not believe it will utilize these losses in the future

 2013
 the valuation allowance has increased by $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;128



&amp;#160;2009&amp;#160;(inception)&amp;#160;through&lt;br/&gt; December&amp;#160;31




 &amp;#8220;we&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on August 27
 2009. We are a development stage company. Our principal focus was to use our intellectual property in forage and animal sciences to improve agricultural yields. To date
 we have not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement our business plan. Our current plan is to seek
 investigate
 and if such investigation warrants
 acquire one or more operating businesses desiring the perceived advantages of a publicly held corporation. We will not restrict our search to any specific business
 industry
 or geographical location

 a blank check company. CAT Merger Sub
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Merger Sub&amp;#8221;)
 a Georgia corporation
 was incorporated as our wholly-owned subsidiary on August 31
 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown to complete a business combination (the &amp;#8220;Merger&amp;#8221;) with Cullen Agricultural Technologies
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Cullen Agritech&amp;#8221;)
 as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &amp;#8220;Merger Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 dated as of September 4
 2009
 as amended
 among Triplecrown
 the Company
 Merger Sub
 Cullen Agritech and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Cullen Holdings&amp;#8221;). Cullen Agritech was formed on June 3
 2009. Cullen Agritech&amp;#8217;s primary operations are conducted through Natural Dairy Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Cullen Agritech. Cullen Holdings is an entity controlled by Eric J. Watson
 our&amp;#160;former&amp;#160;Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and
 prior to the Merger

 (i) Triplecrown merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation and (ii) Merger Sub merged with and into Cullen Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As a result of the Merger
 the former security holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became the security holders of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Thus
 the Company became a holding company
 operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Merger was consummated on October 22


 Cullen Agritech
 including its wholly owned subsidiary

  


 net of accumulated depreciation. The Company charges repairs and maintenance items to expense

  

 Property and Equipment
&amp;#8221; for purposes of determining and measuring impairment of its long-lived assets other than goodwill. The Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to review the value assigned to its long lived assets to determine if they have been permanently impaired by adverse conditions which may affect the Company whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If the Company identifies a permanent impairment such that the carrying amount of the Company&amp;#8217;s long lived assets is not recoverable using the sum of an undiscounted cash flow projection
 the impaired asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value
 based on an estimate of future discounted cash flows which becomes the new cost basis for the impaired asset.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate undiscounted future operating cash flows and fair values and
 accordingly


 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 260&amp;#8221;). In accordance with ASC 260
 earnings per common share amounts (&amp;#8220;Basic EPS&amp;#8221;) are computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Earnings per common share amounts
 assuming dilution (&amp;#8220;Diluted EPS&amp;#8221;)
 gives effect to dilutive options
 warrants
 and other potential common stock outstanding during the period. ASC 260 requires the presentation of both Basic EPS and Diluted EPS on the face of the statements of operations. The effect of the Merger has been given retroactive application in the EPS calculation. At December 31
 2012
 there were &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 74
000
000&lt;/font&gt; warrants outstanding


 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;). ASC 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and establishes for all entities a minimum threshold for financial statement recognition of the benefit of tax positions
 and requires certain expanded disclosures. The provision for income taxes is based upon income or loss after adjustment for those permanent items that are not considered in the determination of taxable income. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company evaluates the recoverability of deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In management&amp;#8217;s opinion
 adequate provisions for income taxes have been made. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates


 2013 and December 31
 2012 or the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company does not expect its uncertain tax position to change during the next twelve months.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments


 but not yet effective

  

 2013 and December 31
 2012

















&amp;#160;2009 (inception)&lt;br/&gt; through&amp;#160;December 31









652






845



845








845

390

845

756



845

716




&amp;#160;2009&amp;#160;(inception)&amp;#160;through&lt;br/&gt; December&amp;#160;31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013
 the Company provided a loan in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;600
000&lt;/font&gt; to an operating company (the &amp;#8220;Borrower&amp;#8221;) with which the Company has been engaged in discussions regarding a potential acquisition. On December 5
 2013
 the Company provided a second loan to Borrower in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;600
000&lt;/font&gt;. Pursuant to the terms of the respective promissory notes

 2014&lt;/font&gt;. The Borrower has granted the Company a security interest in all of Borrower&amp;#8217;s accounts receivable and inventory. During 2013
 the Company recorded interest income of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    



 Net

    


    



 plant and equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 par value $0.0001; authorized 1
000



    

 par value $0.0001; 200
000
000 shares authorized; 19
630



    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Nonoperating

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    












    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 2009



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    



 Organization






 Business Operations







    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    








    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    



 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    




    






    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 plant and equipment



    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    






    
    


    




    



 Interest Rate

















    








    
    


    


    


    


    





 Shares
 Share-based Compensation




 Shares Authorized Under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    



 Deferred Tax Asset

    
    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    
    



 Notes



    


    



 Notes

    






    
    


    
    


    
    



 Maturities


 Maturities



    


    
    






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`=?[]DX`$``+H6```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
F-UNVC`8AL\G[1XBGT[$
MV-FZMB+T8#^'&]+8!;CQ!XE(;



MK`6*68OW
FM

M'\GF0_
\_0\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+55
/U````3`(```L``)?

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'
MJC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ


ZYLIIS)(9860TQE*-M#D%W^$S9


M2P
$%``&``@````A`#@41IB7`P``/0L```\```!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6R4
MEM%RFSH0AN\[TW=@N#_%@),VF3@=QR&3S*3&4SCMI48!V=8$)J)..[3=X5K

MJ









YG

F4AD#]&T2_J@O

HC^`

M6*5



U#X(B5T2*#LY_]


M
\HTKW1D6-5S.










+U;-
?:HZF(+O4*(5/C


MF-(%$H)8

H'*5G5R^F



M/A4NF]9\X=CBB/#!D=YZQ.`K(KR\F):E0&)&($[HADKVB8((7%BT0X8T`]G(
M1AG
W#6Q_9%
E/F/V+A%

]`L1S45VMU$NGVQ`V`M)#L
T



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#,P+GAM;)1476_;(!1]G[3_@'BOL9TX::,X5;NJ6Z55FJ9]/!-\;:,:8P%I
MVG^_S2L'YN4^L$V<#CGW
N]K



W]$H*HZUN
M789T+!I]&_

MOLH1


M6C6/5V`%)A1ILC+8$'I``_@F2OK*P(3PA_#=R\;U-9TMLFJ9SPJ$DRU8=RT]
M)25B9YU6OR.H\*822?E$@M\GDF*1S

M$`S=)$MHX[FE?R?YH.S!7MEGRENYC!//969_G;S0F;U'QX-KBN3)_:RLDO\H

MII.C)0.TN#7/EJAM8B/&@=-3*.:M=MA`X;?'^Q*P)/(
P:W6[C#PK9YNX
T?

MV20.L9K$D6U*^^_W.1\$$B@7'H#8Q\?GG






IJ3


G;'P0TL
MHRT+_-XLQ49;;4H)460^$WQCP


PDMN8+;L_U;P


$%``&``@````A`-Z/-$6W`@``




MG


!S#S
;



!


M42-*V!I'$ZBS2TO#)SN^K:QT@Y:5?]9PY])P-6+(P76KO=P#?5X5^W_`\`
M`/__`P!02P
^?4E0DJH$V9MTC3MX]D!

MBN-&__




:YE-8-
D-UH
MAPYI:W^].VN)$BPEUA


M@&LUC6OU;`\4!JZWQFHR4+6;1(23B&@2$8\A.D[``F\[




B*2BPMYAHA_Q4%DF&%\HMI&\LMY$



;J`&YY]FP`SK^E=:-[@S^\I6FSP
MH


[WD9C-O3GLH?Q[YU[6F.?].



H%K1P$JN=
TL#'5!3*L%R[I-=45H&


MW
2:V54;@.@(U[H9<S7Y)H`TWJ528C`V8ZTR!-\&RW3*2;K


M$SR9!?$\G$0`1SMA[)UTE!CQO;&J_N5!T9'*D]`CR034']=I0!=Q%
_^@V5Z

R5\C1$IA[?WPT@V-_



ZT0AF
M3K+

%W(QJ!*Y$`9!G-H$-IW

/QJUK\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`


Y;N&M-*8<%)C?RBHITX



&Z0!@

M)1YR10
NHX%43E
?)C:FL-BF-MMU
U5%EYX(HQEC'%-8C&KWZRTMXW-5XF%^
M@[FMC
;
-8@G89C:`:]'!!99^A$R)1Z2O:Y39ATQFK'4QA066P`+6S^VZT:K



B:/

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`Q8/J$X`(``&4(```9````

Q+GAM;(Q6RV[;



M&=


X9%%P


!%T\E8U4


M4
X*LJG-+[G]QGA9&1CW&!Q98XO\[8%IHD39,+1.5-0B`3R2X71J0'GM

T!CA:


M^;RLTF2V#%\@4[K#W#L
?'I
[!$AJ/&20$9?TOLA[SM;L.UL0[=2[MV#?IOD


``/__`P!02P
$

M

[)::5K1@6S10.MM_3C*0L.Y6D$HJD(046







MDF5EPZ(!+SA4^74=!.'2?87*9!?


$G;-9ZA^TXL
MO1W3M
(2G:Y5@DVM9@\K3-QJ17YLRM7:#[TJFKGZW`*[=/5A
=?T6T!)NB
M!UYEL
)\*%H+CT5?AS\6G7Q%M`2;/1WW9BC1@,U[CO'0&P_1:3W$)KE\K2_
MV@3O[QX2;%IN]K3*

BU0%QY$?AT(V:^OE7U$NPJ7[@




^C&O@X3
MJEPUE_AXC]3B-S9)-9ZJN:LDS8%L25%P*V
G.7KZX%-_MQ^+GWPYGQCW-V@!

MF+
\!\![QD1W(5_0_]-9_P\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/VSCGCR`@``

-EG#)UX[H.
&%WM34CN^ZL=-@
MVB*C

MWPKU%VQVCG8_Z0K\Y%9!2KRIY2^V_4KHNI)0[@@B4H'-BK='(G+(*
C8?J24

M1/R=2`#N=^N^[4\B+XH_5G&
(QW@(Y9X

=DQXP^)Y3$1A`?$`7\'DQ!ZW^3IM._-






YZQ



Q:Z


M


!;UVT=#(U!;I[NL4^O%C(X*K;2XM&'_7:I*'RVD





MI



QU??Y0

M]XW032UAM1-(2.4U*U]NB2B@H&#CCQ/E5+`&`.#JM51U!A0$/^O_'2UEG:
X

J!:,9.*O,8JC/Z<P@)15SHX)T**@%K,;3(KF:!T]0
MP6(O61Y+QK9B=:R()P=)`'@'1LC\<D85E.XOC%F!WN=QM)(
IU`]&7T]G8]

A^\=)()AK-

MVG##7:7$#I33RTLC
5T%9\?)OAK66'CJ7'NW:PSC*;&#ES@U
Y)]TV=I'$XC
M)X/5H



M;6SDG=MNW%::[^\W








%.UW,39J9LN.Q\_0J*^9Y@K2=)),6-1[M+<;C=.IZ5WDV
M7(SGBQR2?#<;VR;W9OE-Q[1[B*^&'B&)']T?TMOFN$?;V]L[SU^A2^;M_86





U=





1R=[IV\/W..#?SL[

^WA#7NL1Y]

7:^.3@\/3]P@]Z_







H/!_V!\/[^%#G

)120S5W*E`I^\B*]-_M2)DT7/
MXI=

L5KK2MK(8=$8]XL+LR[7K=.I.A_.9@IK=




@TDV7!O%@4E
2+LX!C



!Z-R5;IK;Y
I=E=V

]4&
M2`#3%M7-'/^*:;






WYF*;IQG0?[Z0U+R%%Z'OTDB0-X.DI'
M\)%L\%6=(DMNU
82
QNG




Z
LJ


TAFW:_'H]L!<\<KM3O\1WI-C0OP02-V8X@1%

MA2





R)





M/C#\HEG)DB;C7A#O_:?;V5X]R4!ZB]2!.1*[-;.LW



M&OLY!&34BI


M2MR1X*[:6VQF=,P$Z&MQNDO@(%\+ZCO0W3O\@B+@@@1QG'!FC4'XH.P.*2

Y!-0G._9R8C(#+8+42Y-W/\K`9L0[
HLU


M+=
^




#U/OM8`FU&
02,9#-9-#2$RV-73Y
MC%AXKXP(D


)=[4/!

C*@M#])%M1N:V5-+3NQ15254AG12VQ
VP@0IN









T$CC[(
/4Y1W






M]I'QLLY?D*&&P4'HQ9F`PLN'%&\@$=4WDTC3/72C6

MMXVICQ(QD?ST1H1G_'NO\N7.\MD4OPY&
;J5!*X=MB1G4$Q_&AT54?
KV9FI


K:RYI.OQ





YUXG3H.I\3

MQ!'?DA!+D6X'O-.D%[P,.?4RPJ9JW!7;Z(09.L-.X;R3TELO.=+`Q^M@XJ(
MEZ]/7M!I(IN24'H5/.I(L@E*,PQB]VK:YE/6]-S.TCG5;/1#9I*0H^


RE&8\MC22

M?.QM-1UT\100R2`.]OAY2*%R!DC\T*_1


M6&:CQ@IC.IA83G^=`.ST2'WDG;F



M*9^N*K4=JF_
6$']6/&TH\(`^3/


I9E2&U%`[3!&#+[;R_8G4=23TE$-Z9(6U:=BVX.'=8WV

[VJ52X*L+)WN^-B<(;Q/U+R\V;S0I]NCW<9JWUD.I;'F$[$KJ'E]



W1J'P4K
'#PC


`F@\L2V*-
MU
V!2YNK':JUPQ4SQN&M+[K^8+UE

F


M#JJ%F!*B60BT^W7I(=0W4?




]\$FD%B-NV@#KU'GOOB7CHJXW=9SLM!Z$'%N%#
M\QW$4`(-_H^AL9+VYD97L`E)RFQ6?%
.8]?31JVVL^HAH
YO55Y=#C6[/5

XV

M_Q4+XATT7`:+00VXJRYH^B(5%1MJSFBRL0YQWY4NY8PY+5P;&2X)E%JR@L9I



6M;Y7.`










^1%WSVLM@K\LEJVHCO5A&K%EE
MW]%-)4\?*C#X14[L6PUQ'8KYFL./_4I8AAO5F0/E_Z63+%4AM_I7J_CC^QW
M-91_[JA#5(L]Y??)7_^O`````/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`)F^^-P-#```
MW&\```T```!X;]S='EL97




NCWD59JL-U-EWTH;^3=78^.IEF0VMHC:5JQOEBV6[8X=2265#




G\:*;`
H3A60)%5B4(%%EU+#D#CY5;
ME2!09%60)%5V8J1Q%B%Y3W%L4H0*+(J0:#(JM**SS0#3Y5;E2!09%6X-16
MS:95BZRP+E=FTNKCM\LXBVV5M&F+S9KA'GJ;1BMX#Q
=G)A8



M+A^@

JZHCJ2%F(ZD


M9(]O[N?/@P$=)0TS/'M)

U/N+J:K.4+I[O#ZC:*)UJ#A';#E;`.I).LS1ZU






!2
0!JH

(7`

J1A2D
52F2
M0%5(:DE5*5(BD%5CB2F4)4B01@1$F&I)90E2(I!E4YLC#%4%6*)!!494AB

#2G8A&S=FDOG%A?L\S^
7V1@]I!(&+



^@O3
M`I%GDS`R1

T!

01PWX/#(N\ZQX?;-2;!+8I:[`0SHV?@
MY9SZI?*+Z3=S'PKM%GI<`A6)CM:6!P<GND60_%M;8=1\.FX$M.ALQCUDX8

MGNHE;&
*_7ER


M
4D4.L+MGUO+*NP(AJ.R0.6VN`H[`D(BRX1.VLHJ[`A6H++`W=K*RNUH\MR/

B'52JOQ7CX4]/)$

CC
B

M!\].O')2^SB%:SVB$)XJ:*0I'MG^:`MX%Y$N2`^'G`8%1%T_;CQ[,.P^A)


M_]_C(W7UVH.(H4


M[]K6^^]=Q9LJ)!%!L#Z6F[CMA4HEFY6*]&$8R\L\(3'
3;B(L()7$53&`A\!
MW8A5UJK59B7-/90C


\W!&Y#%-Y;P
M]<YVM]MT\`9D\<TE?/]*JUEW\084,AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7
M*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)BS0!O$ER8L4.^
M7!K2O)#T!4U4V_LPP9`1WJOGG__ZOE3].KYD^.'SXX?_G3\Z-'QPQ\M+6?A
M+HZ#XL*7WW[VY]


:[BV/'M;U9`E4STK']MV0.&+N,QPK')8**3G^)20

2TTRI,GD!:+=FD$?IF7Z0RN=FRS=Q=U.O3




Z&P3]$%BY

Q\^;


W2K;\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!8$)=/!`
`

U+GAM;)2676^;
!2&[R?M

@02R1ND-!//Z\3GO.399



)I_HTV!
R&

=U`D3)6
M00!P-6JJ.@






$

[
MMBJYAJXBXO'0W2\:H!BSTJF7EI29%5)^)#77)!]7$_NS.2=-SM8$)?L41P

MEGYC-06S(4TZ`7O.'S7T(=53L!E/=M^W?@AK)1FY%JG_SXE;*\4)#M.02D

MVOA^L
9/D)GDA-E.

$?1A@\7D8_T]OIU:#




M+(X-X(QSU0WT`?V???
/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`A$
!R6P0``(41





Y!SI%$S
M\]I9.ZTWZ89),R6S4][NQGLHG(D^WLMTV!?F3TR@?O+7YFUU_J+/TM*RE4

MS/-TJPC#O3DHT:)7;2H22`*FJ2_B4B73XEHC%\PS#3O2.\LZ$NO;.5ZBR0

(ZR:

L

MB#:9T:B
&@4;U^3[B


!H2C2)J!.QZTV=!]DAE%K0]

M

C

P$'U?:?_!\GLQ


B6WU\:N1U7?9`YJ-;?(-V&F]]]#[RF]A




E/)/@\D62SI
BG

MM&.XQ?8\;O+%?




2YX;6RL6VMSVDH2_;Y5^Q\H


MWM=O\

VU`SS_24
M[%9?MNNWHR;9KU^71SC_P\OF_8!LV]4E=-OE_O.7]P^KW?8=*#YM7C?'[RWI
BWF]5^=]@]'6^`;J1/5(YY-IJ-@.G^
MX^


M'[\GZ\








MZOU1\4+5*I8'17


ME!1(*I!




M)EL7U

M:9NG]F)D(BL7687(*D56);)JD=6X640?9;NO$*@-IPH9*(#*=21B%C8V4=`/

M_/
O3WO5*;&Z-E#@BN\'S`_&)LIW*ALAI[01FK;MB^=/V7S-

#2Y`A9F@(A
M0^/-V+);8HEJ1R-#5FB:OI!65(
!+0U56UEP5^W3JX7J^KBL&@IA5CG5
MRLX@-HED
NA$W^YR*4;Y/Y35Y-@YE6..I2D0
C0]L@J:G,L38V0INF3U:6A
MLBI'?H6LQL#;:[KP-!3:\XD-1$I31_G.1H6)?K?L9#(Q1\@F%C*QQBW_
01

P-Y-G$
M0B:6
K&2B;5
;$@B%4O9[2O$

M]Q\\+X1;A'2ER4R

M9.RQ.FD(%153=0&NF#]7P+J7(!IKBVRK+V,/1U%M@DVGI)390I8*]7=4&4



WE5&9
MA'()%1(J)51)J)900R`JJ_+[KJRGMVOH1
05
Y!;;'[(;RAAHKT!G$@HE5`F
MH5QA81*542JB74$(B*I3J

M0I6$:@DU!*+**._N*O-31D7]1H#=?D#([C&QA!(#3:`4N^GJ^\S.I#8*)VPF


M7T/T?@'OJ&



M)D[.,%LPA]@E(2(JM5OM*^\:19T-AO7BX6!IJ0%]DF'9LH4CB:R^U_351X



FC$0AEB2422B6422B74&A4D*5

C&[*#&7B45_(ELE2Y)(


;:5P;&'J\B29.)'+;
Y3*GL#FV9+T9.UA)
M$JE

M-$EYCH0*JMSI%8)J

*B
A/U(Y;\(I;B#$MYCH7J?







M:&5E='

2YX;6R45=MNG#`0?:_4?[#\'@SL+4'+1IM&:2
U4E7U
M\NPU!JQ@C&QO-OG[SN`-6KII1%\0'H[/F3EC#^OK9]V0)VF=


!AO#GG*8@K`I?YW2V










M.$Z
EIF\1\:!<PSKX'P:_W
_*`?
]`0SOZP
D/$!.C#4


6OA8GZSF5I/LT#F5%\N93A=6F157DRGX]2
9[G0[CX@^;+(ZZJICNT$YPV4!RS9WD6*&W7AP(BH&DW:G+<





MXLRYS6[$1K78PM:B50VT$&H@T@'L0X2':02L`)?2:@RO^'3%`5F@D1PTZ`

M+P%N=\EO4F?$D11)$8D021%*9*F!*.24W*\%:MQ%+D:\XP2VT2$7GJW-
M?6\DW`)$0D0B1&)$$D12F2B!PA`?#Y0:JX%RLNQ7^QZ1`)$0D0B1&)$$D50F

2()(JE
E$!IHRH=7O?KE!JK
M@7(B31\B`2(A(A$B
2()(JE





(])Y
*@PZ
M&;6\:'
304+)QT*I

`LE;TQSM
M3



48)1JB`U&[2SD[+QP;Y+
MK;5CB*
AF#W
O%8``48A1A%&

^L!+8.K'


2[D),U[8[+FEU%
MLP\MW^F?JQ:ND+M-_PQ_,B#0&4[IOGBLJE9\@`%9_1\AMO\``#__P
`4$L#





M;0_C+L/R=$V.YN5ENZY5LW[?UX=SE^14[U9G\&_?ML?69MNOKTFW7YV^O1]_



M?7T[H]P%5D0+6VY^JKI=0U&DF:0%95HW.Q#`?T?[+;4&%%G]T'\_MIOSV\
X
M*R?%?)8E!]]K=OSERVE'(_6[^VYV?^WTI

MF)F9F?AK9B97SLS-3/RU





A0LZ1B$21$@
MBB/BVG?RVMK
3'U0+Q-'!-4$;G]3CI:$K(0
M4RJ$E(`D`3)75B@MUGQQ@UA)9].X_^VRGRTDY4H\N5R4G:@$)/F2U3*^EQLK
MZ8Q9<#(0%RR`E)VHHR0!<E%&0`LV0X:!O948-^9R&4C*Y3]\[$2W`4@R9:L
MD[']1YCM)R3@=S5*GKJT&WA(4@28#


M6`OQ)DK*H(O


M@)2`!(%LD'7K:&G=%H*Q






F`E3Z.
MY(\4&

B


MT1?%EZ8YVW]`T6E_GOCQ?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`KSQ?,K```



C*=5


7]RCABHWI`FCBBN(K0/P=C#

4X313SA]?_(-V*$M'6HY8L9IHPUIRP1X

)AW6*DS8[`62BO=XX9Q

M-)K9[^(LLGJ
!V'TS.HA?^

JAR+CL$&B\?7Q&34:
6Z@PR^(A
$[;

Y:Z-HTUFC_MFLPV'UHEPCYM@I
MJ;47Z0&%8(`XIU.T@P@@S!+AV=P\D;1+/+3=$J@#MI!#D\@:)`T#&*2*C8
M69(*\G


8$D0MA*`++&A)LC%BO!0V
M)(H3&49#
E@LTA%A?REZM+.)4(-GC(%`OIE\':*]$!Z(\'3RB%'I%BY^R$
MC79
X3-J






HR8CM5``
MKVG]S=._E,RK$9DV#TR0GD+G_41AZ-UC02R7M46'U*A?M1K@(
FRO*/&KL


MPGE$/B/W``$NSIAJX%?G9XGV&




MAVL'#%@%C&RG:?_]/F-(H
*)UPE-6



O?1Y9:]L(&W6*0
/=-B1H%F$[]QP/\?V9MW&YP^C

M*V5YH2#;/CBD_0K3EYC*!`(*&
OS-2GA)1@`OZABNC(@(.2Y74\L546$9PO+

MUMSSE\%';)EW%%A[6SPK\/WY(EA.]PB4;5A@[2G^U+#8)L1MQF*BR&8M^`E!

MY(W?O)N@B:]I9F/._GW-RDHP^E.:?'(*7,P=H(QK;LKDA68TE\*5F]2?7^



MW9[;YPLP-!N2T^]$Y*R6J*09O


$%``&``@````A`


Q)O#CH6F?!QK;\/#/
MG]VV]3L['#?Y_K&MW'?;K6R_SI\W^]?'=IH8=^-VZWA:[9]7VWR?/;;_9L?V
M/T___M?#9W[X=7S+LE.+1-@?']MOI]/[M-


(T\-W8N0O+YMUIN7KCUVV/[$@AVR[


I2$


D/^K@YX(Q
+$QL3!Q&7D\@V8]/CF+FNB




4+VWW0VGT.A



*=
2)+_E+4II3&UK*4&G:'


MZ]N[(?FH4!7&/G


M+.9

B@1SLX+&



M[Z9=O)
E)AXF/B8!)B$F$28Q)@DFJ93P%4$GG2[G74%%L#DJ[I-]\9:73E.3



#$K4M.'BVIE
M8]99F-B8.)BX%:EIZ+):V=A0#Q
?DP3L"R#(APF!B3!)-42OA:H--C-]0

MD7)5(.RX)8=DX3W9F#B8N)@L
?$P\3$)

M#B9N16H:NJQ6-C;4P\3')
`D+$@Q9JAY_R

8DP225$KX.Z
S;#77`)NHN

M
X;GZX&F0*)C8F!B5J1F3+*H5C:.22Q


8KLJ=W)]6V$;
:P

G8?YA5B!)SLXQT3#1
3$P
M
0LB'3SA
!8F-B8.)BXF2TP\3'Q
`DQ3)

M5X.GPA07SQZ9SE%NZQY0225HV&B8V)@8E:D9ERJ%8V#DHL3&Q



M/6&B8:)C8F!B%D0^?(*'9.$]V9@XF+B8+#'Q



D#*JZ7


M\S

\CCF=JMESP_E;_0'53/_GKZ'P```/__`P!02P
$

MJ9`%U7`KU[ZJ)*-)'53D?C`83/R\M(U##/9AT.D*8_9@X@W!2NU(9$LIQKT
MJXQ7:L=6Q'WHBJ?-]5-+(H**%8\Y_JM)G6=(IX]K4LAZ2J'O%_)B
8[[OKF

M^N^H3&R_2IY\YR6#:H-/Z

M

M%[A;\4$8MKQF98


MACKJG!

5SML#%TS&I`M(HA&;;4.3@7!_F7)^+@IU.BN#^.6
MV?C0@.SE3QG1Z8G].A



(JNF8_J%SS4CDY
M2R%TX(7@A#1SG+G1HJIGH970
'_5?S.8MQE
%`


X=!%(;FXT?RH1.
\B1$U


2`A[Z)XGF;LJ(TD2+N-H
M-5LRUY8=RN1D@3\:)U6OSPH[JD\2=*3P+,GF2WRV4TBT'S/R34.]3%=\

MVZR-/@70


S_#







MN6K*C/[X?G^UHL1YWN2\-HW
Z(MT]&;S_MWZ8.RCJZ3T!!@:E]'*^S9ES(E*
M:NXBT\H&_A3&:NYA:4OF6BMYWFW2-4LFDP737#4T


U_V8.


MEEDW2[I6#Q
E'#@M;2D_R+IV1)@]3HL$CE!O[0?9-L']?]MGZ;;K?M;_@`'3


=J-JSH[A

M9$:F3952DL





F@#1TZ?XJ9#


M8A[1Z@R;A(Y;DDG(_N09C-C
!D


M#I^Z



!1]


MFE?.R@&ES3HE4(%LN\5P%ME;-XQ=UW8VZZ9!?P@^\]YOB^?T_(61]!NI
'0;


M]3;MBY%`FS6C9PMF$BKB-9(3[H8@HOK6IM2=?*^1T$$ILI4JD0T?$_2(P^H_
O&`U
-Z1KAG7%&V\CQC&(=?0N`=?S



1_2Y=SRW)
M9NX.@1GOM6*PKGM-TJWH$&..%U




`_C

$%``&``@`


AQ'$XQXPU0NFC+#OW_MKY88&4N;G-:J
MX1E^X@;?KC]_6IV5?C`5YQ8!0V



M@X0393,'1-3-3@`*Y+508DA#[ZYUGDMLIP




$

M





HT'^;^KVW_C_K7]OWOW7-_A_-
MJ4:U


MGWVM^^%+PU/.9[NW?FB/_QN=(IEJ3!++)/@U2=(X6ZU%E@N1B8S$KXR

G/Y






W/QM#+?ND)*#48!K5LIH6











01`$$[@R3UJ4IB/RE^N4



M@8!P1_'JEN;VE3O5`FP7S-WV&2]3


9ZLI(5\*






01.(SM4D4<ZE`ENWLH),)Y<^Q`A$01$^;9/


M`M;8!H0L8(TE-V3)81&WC
=@!8MH;\^D4*V_6S;=+G9XBG3M^5!JH3JD&1
MXD0G7AR$8E`#/+Z'+*@!GIU]RS;--EML;GT+GCL1$ZQ!BAK@Z2X4@QK@&2MD

BCORYU8D1@R\I@9@8

']I#%HP'W[L#EAA]@*_.(0OZ

:S)&[GP
)P*

!D=C0A:
9CQ^Y&7#:
9S-(X%
M1ZBWX?E$0.@:N`V#_J`;8KM-
,?0WO&G@,'M-L!A[+%?U]Q+_&



W8A\IU&PHP'^XSZXB6ZO


Y^V1]$!=4#D)%
M'^
*W4BAL@]BH0J$ZC[&%9I)H:8/8J'6%1(NJN9:V*B;TTO56.^?U\MO#QNZ

K$S#2
M




DYL81ZE@




F(A-!UU:DZR.@TC

M.C&DFU/O-*[I./'F5YTM!UCE@M%!Y9*CC#(VNQQ@E6M&!Y4;CM+*`_TO!W3*
M\F4ZMHC[8_/^JTT=9[D1XBJ.D;.%BA%E'*$16(2D05HAI1@Z@52#JFUA*G

M
P;)

L@.G43=

1$T?V4BSME9
LA8V0VH[M5D;^]PS%6J6!DE4I&

M669E8!OO@M.L4LG(*$W'D\A_`2MQ3K*R_$;[R+#$AEK-030[T6Z*ZXJWPY28


MHP9&IXYRY(N3Y$N..BA?B;.7MJJ6V&TP?5M/VSZAM[5@BC/(KDX2CK(H190A

M+LMHN6
74(Z)!:(2486H1M0@:@42/JH-?^'CX7ZBY=MOD'8UZD.XQQI['8[
M!;&T3AEB#)$.:(48FH0E0C:AU`DG3_8[WB.G8VM*[_5W1TH3E5*B_:6.C

M)1*E
ZH?/




M]


X2:

M41W3D!ZK#I]OU`




PC20`#R)5C@9





ISDM_'9D&0V2XFDHL6!(=-3
M.%19L;O%#M*WMI`HGE#+?AO:M&9%S;)IM!)J@_'[HHIV0'%7C3/GM2C3+

E2\?$5`


MA
RQ'G
;



M+I6R+QL0)L//:?L7``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#
AI)R
PMTQBRD98F:G5QBXHS&&\*W

Y

M__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`)G%4G@

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


W?YTPIAD



O\H?DSAM[




MWTTX(VS3
JN
#.:4SR#98/Y=J%X6S_7SR;VX.N_VNOAH:
PY]KH&\*'D_@4`
M`/__`P!02P$+0`4``8`````$`'7^_9.`!``Z%@``$P``````````````



M````````````````)A


YX;6Q02P$

C@N



M:&5E=#(V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#H&^EJM@(``*\&```9````````

M:&5E='

6#ZA.```!E```

Q+GAM;%!+


O



M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!
`````````````````.&X`
M`'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`6!73P0#``!Z


C


M='







M(0#!U\&(Q0H``$!


M@@

M



RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$W+GAM
M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#
AI)R

`
end











    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        

620


        

845
015

390
724


        

845
015

756
344


        
        
        


        
        

560)


        
        

560)


        

845
015)

716
784)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        
        

      














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        

212

045




        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
At December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
154
154
3
3
157
157
65
65
Property and equipment
91
91
861

110

 2013 and 2012 and for the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013 and
 December 31
 2012




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8C4W93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U
M-V



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8C4W93,Q,%]B-V%E7S0Q,&%?83`W.%]C
M,S$U-V,U-6(V9&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&(U
M-V4S
3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?3U!%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%]/1E]35$]#/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%]/1E]35$]#
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O





M971S+U-H965T
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E

O4VAE970Q


O4VAE970Q
2YH



M='
O4VAE970Q




M93XR

\+W@Z3F%M





M968]


M
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3W)G86YI





















#`Y7TQO;F=497)M


\+W@Z















M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&(U-V4S
3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?
M8S

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




T0Q/CPO


C`Q

]
M



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]


]
T1T97AT
M/D1E8R`S


]



3

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]








T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M


]





M


3(M



]



\+W1D/@T*

]




]



M


]


3`P+#



'0O:'1M



]



T1T


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPR








]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C8Y+#4Q


T1T;W`^3F]T97



]




T1T;W`^

M+#`T
2PS





]


M/D%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97


]

]
M



M


S0L
3



M86QI9VX]







]
T1R93X-


]



M92`D

[(&YO('-H



]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64@)#`N
M
#`P
3L@
C`P+#`P

M

]




]

L



]

M3$1%4E


T1T;W`^5$]404P@3$E!0DE
251)15
@04Y$(%-4
M3T-+2$]


#0Q+#


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8C4W93,Q,%]B-V%E7S0Q,&%?83`W
M.%]C,S$U-V,U-6(V9&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-&(U-V4S
3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S

M='
O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q













]


]







M
C`P+#`P





]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#8S

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&(U-V4S
3!?8C=A95\T
3!A
M7V$P-SA?8S






M(&-O;'-P86X]




T1T
M;W`^4F5V96YU97

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C
Q
BPT


S8L-3`V

M
RPR


]

]
T1N=6T^*#
Q
BPT

S



]



]




]

]
T1N=6T^*#0U
M-BPQ




T1T;W`^3&5G




]








]




L
C8Q

]




2PV


M4U
@0D5&3U)%(%1!6$53/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@S

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#@T-2PV-3

\+W1D



3U-3/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
Q
M




]
T1N=6UP/C$Y
M+#8S


T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@86YD(&1I;'5T960@;F5T(&QO


M*#`N



3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S
Q-3=C-35B-F1F#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1B-3=E
S$P7V(W865?-#$P
M85]A

S

#4N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M051%1!35$%414U%3E0@3T8@4U1/0TM(3TQ$15)3)R!%455)5%D@*%531`D

]
T1T:#Y);FET:6%L


]

]
T1T:#Y396-O;F0@27-S=6%N8V4@6TUE



M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-














]



]


]



]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



M86QI9VX]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#(T-RPR
M



]
M




]







]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3(U/'-P



]





]
T1N=6T^*#8Q
BPU



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]




]

S$L(#(P
M

]




]
M





]





^

N(#


]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




M9VX]




]



#


#`P


]
T1T



M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P






]






]


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#$S-PU



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





T1T;W`^14Y$24Y'($)!3$%.0T4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]




]
M



]



]



]




]

S`L-S$T/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]





]




]



]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^14Y$24Y'($)!3$%.0T4@870@1&5C+B`S,2P@,C`Q,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/C$L.38T/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C8L
M.#8Q+#@X


]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#0Y
RPR-C



T1T;W`^14Y$24Y'($)!3$%.0T4@*&EN

2P@
C`Q


]



]



]



]




]





]






]





T1T;W`^14Y$24Y'($)!
M3$%.0T4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



]
T1P


]
T1T




]



]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
3`L
C(S*3QS

]
T1T97AT



]
M





]


04Y#12!A=!$
M96,N(#,Q+`R

M(#(L


]




]


]
T1N=6T^)`H-PX
M-3
L


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5.1$E.1R!04Q!3D-%(AI;B!S:&%R97
I(&%T($1E
M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3

]
T1T97AT


M;7`^
3DL-C



]





]





M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8C4W93,Q,%]B-V%E7S0Q,&%?83`W
M.%]C,S$U-V,U-6(V9&8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-&(U-V4S
3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S

M='
O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


]

M;'-P86X]


M

2P@


M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
M

]
T1N

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S
Q-3=C-35B-F1F
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1B-3=E
S$P7V(W865?
M-#$P85]A

S







$57




M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T97AT



]

]
T1N=6T^




M=7-T;65N='




]





]
T1N=6T^*#(Q



]






]








#QS

]

]




]


M($%#5$E6251)15






M;7`^


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]
T1N=6UP





M;3XH
2PR
#`L



]




M9SY#87-H($9L;W=S(&9R;VT@1FEN86YC:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97




T1T;W`^4F5P87EM



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#$S,PV




#QS




]
T1N=6T^*#




3`L


]
T1N=6T^*#(Y


]

]




]


]


RPR-C
L
#(R

M=&]P/DY%5`H1$5#4D5!4T4I($E.0U)%05-%($E.($-!4T@\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


2PU


M






M9VX]


]
T1T97AT




T1T;W`^5&%X97








]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^-3`L








]
T1T97AT



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^5&%X(')E9G5N9!R96-E:79A8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T1T;W`^3&%N9!A;F0@;&%N9!I;7!R
M;W9E;65N='













]


]





L
M





@86YD(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT($%C8V]U;G1I



]



L(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT($%C8V]U;G1I

#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE

M+49!34E



14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M;&4]



38P.SPO

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


X
C(P.T-O;7!A;GDF(S@R
C$[+`F(S@R,C`[=V4F(S@R
M,C$[+`F(S@R
C`[=7
F(S@R
C$[(&]R(8C.#(R,#MO=7(F(S@R,C$[*2!W
M87,@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&EN($1E;&%W87)E(&]N($%U9W5S=`R-RP@
C`P






L

@9&5S




@=F5N='5R97


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M



#M-97)G97(@4W5B)B
X



X

3LI

#M#=6QL96X@06=R:71E8V@F(S@R
C$[*2P@87


M;VX@*'1H92`F(S@R


C`P.2P@87

#`Y+B!#=6QL96X@06=R:71E8V@F(S@R
M


Q-C`[
M9F]R;65R)B
Q-C`[0VAI968@17AE8W5T:79E($]F9FEC97(L(%-E8W)E=&%R




M3TY4+49!34E



@82!W:&]L;'D@;W=N

#LF(S$V




#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@365R9V5R

#`Y+CPO9&EV/B`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M





T0G

@







'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M+49!34E



@=&AA


@3F5W


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M

T1J
M=7-T:69Y/CQB/B8C

M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQB/CQF;VYT




T0G0TQ%05(Z

@3F5W(%)O




T0G0TQ%

@3F5W





14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!
M4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X@

+4%

M
T0G5TE$5$@Z(#

T0G1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY=6EL9&EN9W
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL



M25I%.B`Q


M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU(8C
34P.R`Q

M


M3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T)SY







14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P=`P



@


'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^(#PO9&EV/CQT
M86)L92!B;W)D97(]


#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P=`P


'!T


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



X
M
C(P.T9!4T(F(S@R

M871I;VX@*8C.#(R,#M!4T,F(S@R,C$[*2`S-C`@)B,X,C(P.U!L86YT+!0




@

@:7
@;F]T(')E8V]V97)A8FQE('5S:6YG('1H92!S=6T@;V8@



M=W
@86YD(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&%N9P@86-C;W)D:6YG;'DL(&%C='5A;!R

M:6UA=&5S+CPO9&EV/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(S$V

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M34E

C`[16%R;FEN9W
@
M4&5R(%-H87)E)B
X
C(Q.R`H)B
X
C(P.T%30R`R-C`F(S@R
C$[*2X@26X@


X

3LI(&%R92!C




@=&AE


@8V%L8W5L871I;VXN
M($%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=71S=&%N9&EN9RP@=&AA=!W97)E(&YO=!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!T:&4@8V%L
M8W5L871I;VX@;V8@9&EL=71E9!%4%



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-




X

@3F5W


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M

T1J
M=7-T:69Y/B8C

14%2.F)O=&@[


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!T




M;F-O;64@=&%X97


#M!4T
@-S0P)B
X
M

@86X@87-S970@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET



M;B!T:&4@9&5T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!T87AA8FQE(&EN8V]M92X@1&5F97)R

@:6X@969F



@86YD
M(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5S(&$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!W:&5N(&ET(&ES



@87
@=&\@=&AE(&EN


@9F]R




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(S$V

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M






M;B!W87

@
C`P.2!T:')O=6=H(#(P
M
3



M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL

T0P




M



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



2!F;W(@<F5C;W)D
M:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!P96YA;'1I97,@87-S;V-I871E9!W:71H('1A

38P.R8C
38P.U1H97)E('=E

@86YD(&EN=&5R

RP@
C`P
M.2`H:6YC97!T:6]N*2!T:')O=6=H($1E8V5M8F5R(#

@=6YC97)T

M;'D@=6YA=V%R92!O9B!A;GD@:7-S=65S('5N9&5R(')E=FEE=R!T:&%T(&-O

@









14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

M9V5M96YT(&1O97





S$P7V(W865?
M-#$P85]A

S





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\

]





M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

M97

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E





M3TY4+49!34E


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

T0G0TQ%

@3F5W


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

M3TQ


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


38P.S(P
3

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
24@8V]L

#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

34T+#(R.3PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ-30L,C(Y/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXS+#
R.#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C
L
S(X

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^
M-C4L-CDV/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^-C4L-CDV/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P


T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^.3$L.#8Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F
M9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V






M25I%.B`Q

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)B

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ






'!T)SXR-RPR





M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0G0TQ%05(Z

@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S
Q-3=C-35B-F1F#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1B-3=E
S$P7V(W865?-#$P85]A
M

S

3`N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]


]

'!T(#!P



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3F]T92`S+B8C


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@


63H@)U1I

'!T)SXQ+#@W
3PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^('=A



M93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U-V


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]

]



T0G

@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

63H@

3LI('=I=&@@=VAI8V@@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@


M-C`P+#`P



3!P

2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#XN(%1H



3
L('1H92!#

M;&4]

RPY-#4\+V9O;G0^(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE


M:6YG/3-$


M7S1B-3=E
S$P7V(W865?-#$P85]A

S
34W8S4U8C9D9@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

M86X]

#$S




14%2.F)O=&@[




M3TY4+49!34E


M(S@R
C`[06=R965M96YT)B
X
C(Q.RD@=VET:!0871R:6-K(&%N9!3:&5R

X

M)B
X

'!T)SX@
2PP
S4\+V9O;G0^(&%C
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



C`Q
M


M=&AE(#$L
#


M:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M:61A=&5D('-T871E;65N='










]


#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


34L(#(P
3`@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

'!T)SY-87D@
M
34L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^+!P87EA8FQE(&EN(&%N;G5A;!I;G-T86QL;65N
M='

@3F5W


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@=&AE(&]U='-T

M4TE:13H@

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3



#$T(&%M;W5N

'!T)SXQ



M93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U-V






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]

]
T1T97AT



M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C



2P@
C`Q
BP@=V%R






6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM
M97

M97(@
C(L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^+CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z9FEX960[



3!?8C=A
M95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S

O4VAE970Q-2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

]








34P.R`R
#`Y($QO

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#L\+V1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M1D].5#H@

M9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@
C`P.2!
;VYG+51E



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.T]P
M=&EO;B!A=V%R9'


T0G1D].

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
#LF(S$V

@87)E)B

M9B!T:&4@4&QA;B8C.#(Q-SMS(&-O;6UI='1E92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
B!A;F0F(S$V
#MF;W(@=&AE



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8C4W93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U
M-V







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQS

63I4:6UE

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

Q-C`[87)E(&%S
M(&9O;&QO=W

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S


T0G0D]21$52

1494.B`C.65B

M4BU#3TQ


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#0E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)



M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

Q
M-C`[=&AE)B

38P.V5N9&5D)B
Q-C`[1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
M
#LS
2P@
C`Q



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM


38P.S(P
#D@*&EN8V5P=&EO
M;BD\8G(O/B!T:')O=6=H)B
Q-C`[1&5C96UB97(@
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
SPO







P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


T0Q
R4^
M(#QD:78^)B



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXM
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM



M.B`Q



M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^-RPT

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

3)P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0Q
R4^(#QD
M:78^

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!L



M

T0T-4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


M

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M




24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXH
3$T+#@U-2D\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/B@Q
M

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X@/&1I=CXH

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



1494.B`R
7!X.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/B@Q
RPS-S8I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q






24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0T-4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P





#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/B@Q
M
C@L
C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXH
3(L-#DU*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X@/&1I=CXH
2PX-#4L

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



1494.B`Q
G!X.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^
3(X+#(S

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/C$R+#0Y-3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/C$L.#0U+#`Q-#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q
G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4
M3U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
W!X
M(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#(V
#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P



M25I%.B`Q

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M5&EM97


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!T(#!P


M86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y/B8C

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M='




14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




@87)E
M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I


T0G0D]2

1494.B`C

M3U)$15(M0T]




M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E
M(&-O;'-P86X]

38P.W1H928C
38P.WEE87(F(S$V
M
#ME;F1E98C,38P.T1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L(#(P,3,\+V1I=CX@/]T



38P.T1E8V5M8F5R
M)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#(Q

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E


M(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^
2PX-#4L
#$U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@


M

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0V.24^(#QD:78^

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^
2PX
M-#4L

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[




M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M5#H@



+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M34E
63H@5&EM97







M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I=CY4;W1A;!D969E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^*#
Y+#4V


'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/B@Q
M+#@T-2PP

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0Q
R4^



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I=CY.970@9&5F97)R960@

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V


M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M



T1J=7-T:69Y/B8C

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&







63H@)U1I;65S

'!T.U1%6%0M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT






M3TY4+49!34E


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(#$P

M34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

T1L969T
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M




38P.T1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L
M/&)R+SX@
C`Q



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
R4^
M(#QD:78^1F]R)B
Q-C`[=&AE)B

Q-C`[
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\8G(O/B`R
#$R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CY&;W(F(S$V
#MT:&4F(S$V
#M097)I
M;V0F(S$V

38P.S
L)B
Q-C`[
C`P.28C
38P


Q-C`[
M
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M



M

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



'!T.R!615)424-!



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G





63H@
M5&EM97


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXT/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M4TE:13H@

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0U-R4^(#QD:78^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N
M8V4@86YD(&YO;BUD961U8W1I8FQE(&ET96US/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\T8C4W93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U-V
U-6(V9&8O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3




]










M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M+CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#HQ



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&(U-V4S
3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S
Q-3=C


M;G1E;G0]

^


]


T0G34%21TE.

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P




38P.SPO9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


X
C(P.T-O;7!A;GDF(S@R
C$[+`F(S@R,C`[=V4F(S@R,C$[
M+`F(S@R
C`[=7
F(S@R
C$[(&]R(8C.#(R,#MO=7(F(S@R,C$[*2!W87,@
M:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&EN($1E;&%W87)E(&]N($%U9W5S=`R-RP@
C`P.2X@






L(&%C

@9&5S:7)I




@=F5N='5R97


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!T



M.#(R
#M-97)G97(@4W5B)B
X



X

3LI('=I

M.#(R
#M#=6QL96X@06=R:71E8V@F(S@R
C$[*2P@87


M*'1H92`F(S@R

C`P.2P@87

#`Y+B!#=6QL96X@06=R:71E8V@F(S@R



Q-C`[9F]R
M;65R)B



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P=`P


M+49!34E



@82!W:&]L;'D@;W=N960@

#LF(S$V




#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@365R9V5R('=A

#`Y+CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I
M=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L

M


]
T1T97AT



M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G

@



M86)L92!B;W)D97(]




]

]

'!T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


T1J=7-T:69Y/B8C
M

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;!S:&]R=UT97)M(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S('=I=&@@86X@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T

@=VAE;B!P=7)C:&%S960@




N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA:6YT


M;G-T:71U=&EO;G
N)B




]

M3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@


M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





14%2.F)O=&@[


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#QT
M86)L92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C
M;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X@/'1R('-T

+4%

T0G5TE$
M5$@Z(#

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY=6EL9&EN9W



M

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU(8C
34P.R`Q

'!T)SY4


M13H@

'!T)SY




M=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P('-T



]


]


M1D].5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

3!P

T1J=7-T
M:69Y/B8C

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97







T0G
M=VED=&@Z

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T1T
M;W`^3&]N9RU

]
M


M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9GD^/&(^3&]N9RU

M

M97



@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

C`[4&QA;G0L(%!R;W!E

M=F5R86)L92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V





M97

M









14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

2!F;VQL;W=S('1H92!P<F]V
M:7-I;VYS(&]F($9!4T(@05-#(#(V

#M!4T
@
C8P)B
X
C(Q.RDN($EN(&%C8V]R

M(&%M;W5N='
@*8C.#(R,#M87-I8R!%4%
F(S@R


@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A
M9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97



L


2P@
C`Q

M3TY4+49!34E


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!T(#!P




X
C(Q.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E





]




14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
&5S(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!&
M05-($%30R`W-#`L(8C.#(R
#M);F-O;64@5&%X97
F(S@R

3LI+B!!4T






M=&%X97
@:7





@870@=&AE(&5N86-T960@=&%X


@=VEL

M='DN($EN(&UA;F%G96UE;G0F(S@R


T0G0TQ%05(Z

@3F5W(%)O
2!H87,@:61E;G1I9FEE9!I='

M='



M:71Y(')E=FEE=RX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5L:65V97

@86YD(&1E9'5C=&EO;G

M97)A=&EO;G

M:6YG/3-$



3!P

38P.SPO9&EV


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

2!F;W(@<F5C;W)D:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T

38P.R8C




RP@
C`P.2`H:6YC97!T:6]N
M*2!T:')O=6=H($1E8V5M8F5R(#



@;W(@;6%T97)I86P@



]




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#L\+V1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M1D].5#H@

M9VX]

65T(&5F9F5C=&EV92P@
M86-C;W5N=&EN9R!S=&%N9&%R9',@:68@8W5R<F5N=&QY(&%D;W!T960@=V]U
M;&0@:&%V92!A(&UA=&5R:6%L(&5F9F5C=!O;B!T:&4@8V]N<V]L:61A=&5D

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8C4W93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U-V
U










3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



]



T0G

@





M($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

@





3!P

M93TS1=615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX@/'1D/B`\9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T





M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0^(#QD:78^)B



3!P



M

M;&4^(#PO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8C4W93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U-V
U-6(V



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

]
T1T



T1T;W`^



]

M3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

S$L(#(P
3
@86YD
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#






M1#`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.





M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M



M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

CD\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V




RPS
C@\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXS
M+#

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M=CY


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19


24=..B!L969T.R!&



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/CDQ+#@V

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T




M+R\O0SHO-&(U-V4S
3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S
Q-3=C-35B-F1F+U=O

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

]








T0G

@

M:70I)B
Q-C`[87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

M

'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M3&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4G/B`\=&%B;&4@


M4D1%4BU




T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-#0E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1#(^(#QD:78^1F]R)B
Q-C`[=&AE)B

38P.V5N9&5D)B
Q
M-C`[1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q

M;&4]


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


38P
M.S(P
#D@*&EN8V5P=&EO;BD\8G(O/B!T:')O=6=H)B
Q-C`[1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q




'!T.R!615)4

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@
M/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M

T0T-4^(#QD:78^4W1A=&4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^-RPT
C4\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#0T)3X@/&1I=CY4;W1A;!C=7)R96YT/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0T-4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q




'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E




M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I
M=CXH

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/B@Q
2PQ.3(I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXH
2PV-3(L-30T*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M1494.B`R
7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/B@Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0T-4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/B@Q
C@L
C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXH
3(L

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXH
2PX-#4L
#$T*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M1494.B`Q
G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^
3(X+#(S
3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/C$R+#0Y

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



1494.B`Q
G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I


63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@
M/&1I=CXQ+#(V

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

63I4:6UE


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\+V1I=CX@/]D:78^(#PO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B
M;W)D97(]




]

@86YD



'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





T0G

@



M1%1(.B`Q

T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


38P.T1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M
3

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(&-O;'-P86X]
M

38P.W1H928C
38P.WEE87(F(S$V
#ME;F1E98C
M,38P.T1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L(#(P,3(\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T



M25I%.B`Q


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


T0Q
M
R4^(#QD:78^)B


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0V
M.24^(#QD:78^26UP86ER;65N=!L;W-S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXS-C4L-C(P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0V.24^(#QD:78^3F5T(&]P97)A


M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M



M(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0
M041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M0T%
+4%


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


'!T.R!6


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I=CY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\9&EV/BT\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^*#
Y+#4V
D\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@



M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@
M,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I
M=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I=CY686QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
W!X
M(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%

P
#`P
#`@
M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@
M/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




'!T)SX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S









'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@








M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P


M9STS1#`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



38P
M.T1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/&)R+SX@
C`Q
SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^1F]R)B
Q-C`[=&AE)B


Q-C`[1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\8G(O/B`R
#$R

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CY&;W(F
M(S$V
#MT:&4F(S$V
#M097)I;V0F(S$V

38P
M.S
L)B
Q-C`[
C`P.28C

Q-C`[=&AR;W5G:#QB

Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T





M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)4



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXT
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0U-R4^(#QD:78^0VAA;F=E(&EN
M('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@86YD(&YO;BUD961U8W1I8FQE(&ET96US

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@

3!P

M=VED=&@]

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$582$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]






#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




]






M17%U:7!M96YT(%M



:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

]
T1P



]
T1P


]




]



65A<G

M;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


:6YE


M

M:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

\

M
S$P7V(W865?-#$P85]A

S






]

T1)1#!%6$4^


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]


]

M1&YU;7`^-S0L
#`P+#`P






]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT








]






]





]






]
M


]









'0O:'1M;#L@


]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\T8C4W93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U-V
U-6(V9&8O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]






]


]





;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8C4W93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U-V
U



]


M:6]N86P@26YF;W)M871I;VXI(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S=')O

M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@



!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`Q.2P@
C`Q


@6TUE


@86YD($YO=&5S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@6TQI;F4@271E

]
T1T97AT



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1FEN86YC:6YG(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4L($=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]






]




T1T;W`^






]


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8C4W93
Q
%]B-V%E7S0Q
M
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U-V




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]





M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
M




]







3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S
Q-3=C-35B-F1F#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1B-3=E
S$P7V(W865?-#$P
M85]A

S

CDN:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$




]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^36%Y(#$U+`R,#$P/&)R/DYO=&4@4&%Y86)L92`M($9I;F%N8VEA;!)


]




]



]


]


]


]
M


]



M9VX]
T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0L($=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@









3!?8C=A95\T
M
3!A7V$P-SA?8S

O4VAE970S








]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#






]
M


M


3!?8C=A95\T
3!A7V$P-SA?8S
Q-3=C-35B-F1F#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1B-3=E
S$P7V(W865?-#$P
M85]A

S

S$N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$



#D@3&]N


]



M

]



L(%-H87)E+6)A






]
T1R



]

M


M9VX]



]
M






S$P7V(W865?-#$P85]A

M7V
S






]


3(@36]N

M;CTS1#$^-34@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]
M




]











]




]


3$L




2PS
#
I/'-P

3DR
M+#0W


]



T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN










T1T;W`^26YC;VUE


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8C4W93
Q
M
%]B-V%E7S0Q
&%?83`W.%]C
S$U-V

M=#



M97%U:78]


]



M9SY);F-O;64@5&%X97



M

]
M


]


\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8U+#8R


]











]






]




2PW
38L-S@T



]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]




M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

S0N
#`E/'-P86X^

S0N
#`E

M
S0N



]
T1N=6UP
M/C0N


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-H86YG92!I;B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(&%N


S@N



T1T;W`^169F96-T:79E('1A

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M

M;7`^


M87)T7S1B-3=E
S$P7V(W865?-#$P85]A

S
34W8S4U8C9D9@T*0V]N





]

M


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



\







#`N



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(X+#(S
3QS




M9'
@17AP:7)A=&EO;B!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#XG0F5G:6X@=&\@97AP:7)E('-T87)T:6YG(&EN(#(P

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T

F-3=E
S$P7V(W865?-#$P85]A

S
34W8S4U8C9D9BTM#0H`
`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      










 2010

          



        
        
        
        


        
        
        

768


Promissory note issued
 interest rate
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
        
        

				 2014


Long-term Debt
 Gross

462

632
        


Long-term Debt
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months

462
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Other Income (Additional Information) (Detail) (Patrick And Sherry Farrell [Member]
 USD $)

        

      


 2012

          




          

        


        
        


        

035


        

524
000


        

887




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

000
000


Investment Warrants
 Exercise Price
        


        

				 2013




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Share-based Compensation
 Net of Forfeitures

405
914



          

        


        
        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        



          

        


        
        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Organization
 Business Operations and Significant Accounting Policies

        

      






Interim Financial Information
 Organization
 Business Operations and Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract]
        


Organization
 Business Operations
 Significant Accounting Policies
Organization
Cullen Agricultural Holding Corp. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;
 &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on August 27
 2009. We are a development stage company. Our principal focus was to use our intellectual property in forage and animal sciences to improve agricultural yields. To date
 we have not generated any revenue and will not do so until we have sufficient funds to implement our business plan. Our current plan is to seek
 investigate
 and if such investigation warrants
 acquire one or more operating businesses desiring the perceived advantages of a publicly held corporation. We will not restrict our search to any specific business
 industry
 or geographical location
We were formed as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Triplecrown Acquisition Corp. (&#8220;Triplecrown&#8221;)
 a blank check company. CAT Merger Sub
 Inc. (&#8220;Merger Sub&#8221;)
 a Georgia corporation
 was incorporated as our wholly-owned subsidiary on August 31
 2009. We were formed in order to allow Triplecrown to complete a business combination (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;) with Cullen Agricultural Technologies
 Inc. (&#8220;Cullen Agritech&#8221;)
 as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;)
 dated as of September 4
 2009
 as amended
 among Triplecrown
 the Company
 Merger Sub
 Cullen Agritech and Cullen Inc. Holdings Ltd. (&#8220;Cullen Holdings&#8221;). Cullen Agritech was formed on June 3
 2009. Cullen Agritech&#8217;s primary operations are conducted through Natural Dairy Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Cullen Agritech. Cullen Holdings is an entity controlled by Eric J. Watson
 our&#160;former&#160;Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 Chairman of the Board and Treasurer and
 prior to the Merger
Pursuant to the Merger
 (i) Triplecrown merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving as the new publicly-traded corporation and (ii) Merger Sub merged with and into Cullen Agritech with Cullen Agritech surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.&#160;&#160;As a result of the Merger
 the former security holders of Triplecrown and Cullen Agritech became the security holders of the Company.&#160;&#160;Thus
 the Company became a holding company
 operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech.&#160;&#160;The Merger was consummated on October 22
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary
 Cullen Agritech
 including its wholly owned subsidiary
Property
Property and equipment are stated at cost
 net of accumulated depreciation. The Company charges repairs and maintenance items to expense
The Company accounts for its long-lived assets in accordance with&#160;&#160;&#160;Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 360 &#8220;Plant
 Property and Equipment
&#8221; for purposes of determining and measuring impairment of its long-lived assets other than goodwill. The Company&#8217;s policy is to review the value assigned to its long lived assets to determine if they have been permanently impaired by adverse conditions which may affect the Company whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.&#160;&#160;If the Company identifies a permanent impairment such that the carrying amount of the Company&#8217;s long lived assets is not recoverable using the sum of an undiscounted cash flow projection
 the impaired asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value
 based on an estimate of future discounted cash flows which becomes the new cost basis for the impaired asset.&#160;&#160;Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate undiscounted future operating cash flows and fair values and
 accordingly
The Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings Per Share&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;). In accordance with ASC 260
 earnings per common share amounts (&#8220;Basic EPS&#8221;) are computed by dividing earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Earnings per common share amounts
 assuming dilution (&#8220;Diluted EPS&#8221;)
 gives effect to dilutive options
 warrants
 and other potential common stock outstanding during the period. ASC 260 requires the presentation of both Basic EPS and Diluted EPS on the face of the statements of operations. The effect of the Merger has been given retroactive application in the EPS calculation. At December 31
 2012

000

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 740&#8221;). ASC 740 requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and establishes for all entities a minimum threshold for financial statement recognition of the benefit of tax positions
 and requires certain expanded disclosures. The provision for income taxes is based upon income or loss after adjustment for those permanent items that are not considered in the determination of taxable income. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of the Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company evaluates the recoverability of deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In management&#8217;s opinion
 adequate provisions for income taxes have been made. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates
The Company has identified its federal tax return and its state tax return in Georgia as &#8220;major&#8221; tax jurisdictions. Based on the Company&#8217;s evaluation
The Company&#8217;s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with tax audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense.&#160;&#160;There were no amounts accrued for penalties and interest for years ended December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 or the period from June 3
 2009 (inception) through December 31
 2013.&#160;&#160;The Company does not expect its uncertain tax position to change during the next twelve months.&#160;&#160;Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
Management does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure
 and significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements
 as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE
 (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets
 (3) the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE
 and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows.  Describes procedure if disclosures are provided in more than one note to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

260

198

425


        

260

198

425


        
        
        
        


        

855)

192)

652
544)


        

376)

303)

470)


        

231)

495)

845
014)


        

231

495

845
014


        
        
        
        


        

260

198

425




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

082

239
619


        

871

871


        

512

236


        

200
000
        


        

949
465

273
726


Property and equipment
 net

861

861


        

041
326

365
587


        
        
        


        

097

965


        

462

170


        

559

135


        
        
        


        
        

462


        
        

462


        

559

597


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value $0.0001; authorized 1
000
000 shares; no shares issued and outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value $0.0001; 200
000
000 shares authorized; 19
630
714 shares issued and outstanding

964

964


        

861
881

861
881


        

853
078)

542
855)


        

010
767

320
990


        

041
326

365
587




        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 credit card receivables
 notes receivable and receivables relating to lessor's rights to payments from leases other than operating leases that have been recorded as assets. Excludes trade accounts receivable with contractual maturity of one year or less and arose from the sale of goods or services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


 2009

          



 2009

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



Issuance of stock
 per share
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        

886
567
        

886
567


        
        
        
        


        

231

495

845
014


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Organization
 Business Operations and Significant Accounting Policies (Estimated Useful Lives of Assets) (Detail)

        

      







          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property and Equipment (Components of Property
 Plant and Equipment) (Detail) (USD $)











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

557

557


        

696

696


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

861

861



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

229

229



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

328

328




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

223)

592)

853
078)


        
        
        
        


        
        

887)

074


        
        

212

045


Impairment loss on property
 plant and equipment
        
        

172


        
        
        
        


        

276)

109

512)


        
        
        

349
969


        
        

943)
        


        

868)

546)

984


        

367)

647)

731
346)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

849)


        
        

468
626

714
299


        

200
000)
        

200
000)


        

200
000)

468
626

672
450


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

130
627)


        
        
        

000


        
        

539)

060)


        
        

943

568


        

170)

883)

658)


        
        
        

057
755


        
        
        

000


        

170)

521

263
022)


        

561
537)

211
500

082


        

239
619

028
119
        


        

082

239
619

082


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

190


        

260

260

770


        
        
        
        


Acquisition of property
 plant and equipment through issuance of debt
        
        

120


        
        
        

000


        
        
        

709


On October 22
 2009
 the Company completed its reverse merger and recapitalization by acquiring certain assets and assuming certain liabilities:
        
        
        


        
        
        

349
969


        
        
        

560
482


        
        
        

853
918)


        
        
        

822)


        
        
        

621)


        
        
        

925)


        
        
        

004
165




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including income
 property and other taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable on demand
 secured
 or unsecured
 interest bearing or noninterest bearing
 among myriad other features and characteristics.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Preferred stock
 authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

630
714

630
714


Common stock
 shares outstanding

630
714

630
714




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company evaluates events that occurred after the balance sheet date but before the consolidated financial statements are issued. Based upon the evaluation
 the Company did not identify any recognized or non recognized subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001144204-14-018764-xbrl.zip

__Q\\!S'L^.C(]RD+*
N







I2W0XUDPG0;^
M?1RX?US#Z1

;$SZ?FPNHVJH#WGANO.I_,)/B4YAR,LWOD\]/SQ
M.7R!DV&)4)*'








M.Y.OB1#=)`22X7A#B&3$J:+OR$#(:%6K-W$$ISS*QK(66#_Z+1K];`TO].]:
9M/[P1J%$:W**6DG5D9&;!F`1JQ
P8G5

VE-$WZ$+O!1M+DA(GKAO
_3A*;KD*
M4!2/W/72FOKC]V=P4+_ZN?N['_6D7K62J];=K64:B6HQB]1WX](S:I\9E3%I




D8@]2'=K0

MC6Y6-7E]U06440[=(
O5P?#KA&Z+-4TG31[10[7.
_+3[6WQQ







MG%(`15.T+:'E&&W&08:B6)9F5H9[.\-Y16A27OIN


DW1DN/IL%]`$+I
MM3Y`RKAR6_U&`'*



UB:+B_ZI`H(TKW'YJE





@\`I)(!&T)8/-X6
MW3FI&JE&X?C8`VW1O=0`&

A

M8B1Q`]O*RKO1:3UL%%HSD@\50VX(&P=7Z.&#J2EZ:6PW*
OOA=J,?9-5NW
M21=

-D
[8\-_+LJ%A^A=[X&:VJ3U[0_![#FSE^
MG_IVE!PS$:=



MXC@B#TN3U9VH+2?:0]/L=!YY/HPBI)@G7#($K[JJ***^S00R5UC:*80(LT
M6(EXU\[OR3HVZ7!A7`30CR-A%C0V:9/LSRY:.T;I#HNIK[3DS:FKKFL7KSKZ

$&]N2OA6A!J
R06N45=MH

MZD#5=
44F&A0?^V:D8`['UPP=*$G6X!1JZU!
9H]V&*4@6N`8(`0#V3`
KX
MZ*IIB]1THH(KG-7D1



1JF%ROMO


M0#;*-]&;

4*F-VG8125U#4=J;OR@0C0CVL[S[

A%S]1+LR11_-7X7

0+Q#[B6]30(8^_/Y.\5.,`HWV8J
M9%DT'@P<5
(P2@Z*F\=



GU3LA'E





M?AJ9N


M.C'\-5`R'P[=@1@\G*([;-TP%4T7(L4WM.A?&+C;$?D-KDH?V0(V]^*7UJ\`


MR+B2@5D0

M





246BB

<ZXS_/'X_G5K5!S@+?!^ZN(%?
MO9AL+[J!%3(<&6+T%A5P=&`##2^

=IX
/8



M/H]B;_26H
*@GO`/-T$

MI.6;=6A

MCR1UR8SO'?UG\!'S^0E[_#HBOSB+@B!2%Y+9B'Q





M

.Y0:F$L3U2?L#-$CG(&F!CRRABX$#`DX#O#OI.@YG1IP

301RR8

MMJ;&!




K(




M[;?KD8Z8)=M

Y?/YR&4#
MX_([L^



M14`^NK.]


M

9K
PN2V559Z39F23(-_1Y0)V2?S'P/KR8Q/KA.-/M1KM1\^
M&O3
L6=-P9CY

#
GH]'ALT\+YQ86




M`'+*P)



J&7I9T-





\HI

Z)Q%PA]D#4XU/<H:@;BOJR/(SLK[2,1JW
MN
=


MH&68L`WO3I73:U@YL`:`VI9P[2\2SGD7'15-$1Y8480[5'=!JD*-(TO6H$





0H!BEOT9.T/Z`_'$@/(A9K1A6#Z!


M[($GO2E^*+%]'G',*O^`B8G.XAX8=FD-9'%3
F1

M
VU2;

MY\Q?S5@HV2PL&1H$3IK&/:*R



M!M$%?@E`%)9A&D




*4='5`G




^XSC
27?AEC(5)@L-40H


]Z

MW@LFF
#6I7X.#FPT#$`I7NC
-LILVS$\#^
.DB!3GM')Q0



U.V)
MOF`:/!;E9@-9Q$2@44Q]]-*-)+QZ@\@&Y+&#C0HLXHYUC5=456`7G^*8G@
MSI-@+-WV)F[TU&\%H2P=NR2@S9F4V&K8TXC]1*'DE([4-RA
557ES@=DZ2FV
M]+8S
86EMZ!89*

I7RT1!O;3QZT8-!05O8@3D+QD
M[3//98])N8HKB@KE/E862WX/PQX'XC@#)5P?X_0A8D:&T%/9XP1
1/?1L94M



M2FT3
%(1^
EI:[;K9;[

M$_QKBC!E
21HY**XPB10N[48[P!P1G'6'U-I.#/VW!8'B11
!9:P1$GFE
M]
M:OXC9)
2GO79=]`@3\Q[3H*2Z=43$



MP3&-?AS1DU



^_7!S

M/^!CR\L3L
@B
UODHU&L[P
NB(*Q?/`/5.K!O3EOWIJ%M61_R2(KQ=+F83












M*#__9GTVL]UHS?2N/S&(=E.CGB



M
.A_.J1\V675!&.W#:^]UF!E^K@HJ*^Q_ML\.((QD.,
M@493UZ;\<P[;T]YERCB;FEKVNPO%<-*\




MLK]N)B(C2*P5A3_A-+D90=5'0A'A549I
'EL\6\L2E24O*A+'JS1.$GX=&H


22-Z/A?6WCE%;!)

J;35S
M&VI5&[KO^]'S1LV'G)YZ&+'L<J/4@%'O-4OO_WPG[Q3]41&LZ#*&LJ-[6+%^
M[J]/]JW=Z_I]N[;Z:C<:NGV[MX*54D;;__][&*C^:MO+6X'_CE0.H&#G
P^





V[S?6Y+3/O[K%P




M

.63#O@K+VU/9M-TDH#VBGV9/S9X5II]F



MN-

['JOZ+WRELWPS7DI96;X578=//L^87ZH0\V+
!'R2PYDORC
M

M&9;G#OV?COZ

M1M+Y!YZV(V+?B(V!-9%S5$Z/1E9D#-U'8`HW9

MYSS+ZHSU.R`%:IF)(I\0D:F2WU.4%29

M^?KFCP_&HQNZ9

M!1?/BN/9S(\8?XY)]?)S\L[9AM.B=[F8UP_
/W^UP


M:!P


MV:J4-YTOTE5BT(=L#^Y7HP)=5[7S%.@=VPUZS^@]LW=[IMONF
V6;@WR*E;'
M#EN#+#WS5I($7_/@NW(V:!665P7Y^

$F

;'?T-4H5







XH/NB?%5J3^Q7W2?P?0+

SO1JUVEGUZ!]8=
MFZ#U]Z
Z$P_BX4@=KYS?E$$/2!CMKJOYEC*^RFR0![S\*/4#KCS+G853Z_









M%X66\EL0\UPE\)
H\0


LBPY=GM3!P0

M:3W0(!(VO&6,0&7U[6Q4!E0923DACF)HDF0#)$@%BQP)!9'$$12#FP@FS
M40ZGD^.J'.`-/C41Q$+AMR:C%Q


IY&`2#[.'CR



1[#)+2


723H#':45R)XLHB4-A!`)TEZV01$GB8;F%NQ'5.I+X#K$)(O:O

M)J3#(WKRG%2_*`NW)S+!/5,E+M(:58\6(T4QX80ZR2(G38F'LH*AU$7
M`LXQ+8(Z4PA+_XLEB'EAN?`X@FZF^\THVV^%65,PT@6[HO\'ZA0DTAD#F
)



$2-7NAO0-V$-AUN.T$1X=%_:@(










\*QFY(`V$


OXK
`_GV)7ALT7Y^R5




&%J


1C]HXPM.H5-MSP^5XXV(#*%?2S?&`:!@XG!
MN0!C/AV.Q(-

V2E3Z`
)NZ'0E5
M['(['F-2FDU?.$@MEMTQ1;=J$3))V=`D/MT:1?5$
Z*WM(TFJO\;JL3B+U
MERU.)0NEA


M


M=JC\Q5:DE=%:

3P!`EE

+9ZRJ_P2@@LPS2&=%+%I'$0
MR+<?4:23!6&JM5=8=T1VT2(4&6#[
[GJBM+4-S-U
D4!

MUDAQ3G



T5QM--*44G%`((+C'
M=OHP^^74W!^#D!)?:Y&Z:THV/F9&^M(U5$/$I0?
X4B423VZR?E$:O.]7$



M?$EK/VL9(W_U&\'UVTJ5':N0CS$P/^2C1&)
C1:8@T+I)

MLY


EJ5\7%LSWI*


MRR68P-:E?@P.;#2


Y=%P*&&)@



M;+U$EAZU$
!X0.`G!Z/9#I)))?-JY)

0

J%MJEDF1E[;KE_VDHQV?SJJ/]6RY#
MJ1&.V.=*$-0';]T`Z]5[3$KS2J=4SF
QXB^66YQ;[L/#8@D4/=#Q$`[22
MGC!3:0Q&YS+9HXK\B34E(64*:I!EP3/9Y
`PLGD+(1%7F*QI_\1/29_:);$6
MV)1*4P

A
M

M`P+%\DDP2OVAMUG@;.N($D$D6T-_YJ?OX[E99=NP
093#E2\30@730UO5^





R^]'V0F(_20S3KMR!R8(]-IFYVS
MCF9YS?*:Y0^&Y2NB];?KO)??($;7A1VRQ;=TMS=AMSM!3!EVNR?Y#@XCU\3+




WA35R-5#YUFXX69^_IXEEE[=9+C
.MTQN

MU`RJ&;32%#Q

MP_'ULX/NAJ`Y_L`XOFNV&NU#YOC7LV=QK`J%*Q^.]O?/53Y\IY-%58WAZ=


`X9\XA&_95

H=E\I4P:JOPO+V5#1M
MU^E\5Z^WS--V^\?*DT]SYT%RIUD_:VCFU

MM]

OF4&-YNUIN9OS=]O




M=7V-S=;@A6


613V?.?:M?JNYT8N_/#&';@1_#AC@U^.KJMU;_


M7






&R`QLP]39BD_
=]A3O;Q@MELW&?*`\VZ::#ZTMRA
MN6
N=S0.ACNV&6_?A?B_F#6D9HVC[7ESU8APOIY]K[R9=AAFK25'.GYL[J






J\<T%ZI)((J:%M487L<;/#@







-R(C74[O/W)(UUKF[]KGE8_0W2;LEJ35)-4D[2:)*V(/MZNDYOF







MAR?F/;+?`/+1ZH9LL[;8:B@LX$5`%5=X[EFPI09_`!I`N=[P.XS+W\11&('(





M
NL/\;2(XON#@&



MU.99&]W2YT&QM344



YNO=


0%K&Y6$

ZF@HG;P#$

MP#I78=]%R6<[7V?B:*^MN5=BY=;BI1_#UCU=;^UKP+L;=SB^/;AH&.5C='9

_=!=L.*\$;8^.%M;T*.7F2&56Y!J_#D(@MKTPO:1.I

TYGD9&#SIV
/JP'1[($A[D?


^8KWOT\WGOE_]?S)@;


%.9*7#CT+`H%V#E09
MXHV
Z\\



MI8?6:LWFF0J%
DW.1)AO2=P

?`.LG*\NU0/M'`:9_F/\($9I_S/0](W@ZM9H)
MRI40AV

#9+&

Q
M=5\?8V4ES.EO=





M\CP/]N(J$XR((*K
-/X2^*F!
)/DL$J@_73E;)Q5YM\@S`O\A]

M[!4BYJ=+VDF]&&Q95AX^!-1(A[
N2YI'%?-<UX=GBFA9(
MAR5-(ZNWIA7DQY(NDQM:TQSK=*VDSR5=(N?;P5:;BTXBAA;DBA;E+ASH/GG
M_SD^_AP$$47P[AEUHC-@S./C!%C/];]]&

M_=/3T\GW/O=.`CY\#U
WW^//[_'!(_E\!

PW^?F9T^/Z?

M
C`Q
S$R

M[K\?*4NV)%
D93O1R.FGIC)G.
\\0W+X)GW\[2GPG0?




8\ZCE3Z

^;=_VCM[]*#GJR2$^CHB?



_9467I;4D8_P81:-DH(^C[@2A



W`$


K
&HJCR%0^95R'-UB%Y
'-/*Q

8LV$_$YN^RL!Q'C

T(ET96


3?BF$H
<;LUJ:#%*MHLM(QSS
MO*?;X/IU2(M0S?QI9``P!Z`KU3@(\!PX0U^P.`]%?UC!3AQ`@!A#?CW5LD$&


M7CPVR.T%BP:


MM[IV6BLD*C3L:0Q4H#4O^$`B/;TTEJ`P7Q^QE-]3PI588:\+J1'8W2BV$]]O

]1
#-]&89BD-YI)&
MXN3PW#T=C
=B3!%`=)VQE?1^$&R#%/*IE7R$RN.22PCR@1W9MAKV@W!;M(`7

M].3'#@;K=4T_@Z7*
_9O2`
7

D(N]




M[8+8]6N%!KR`^^;

M:3_C=C@!KZNN=V+E+\B?35$XD?=J`AIK




M7\4@7WUVAAB;CRE[1





3
Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX
M;6Q55`D``R39-5

XDG[?B/T/WIIG
MERU9OCJZ=T)EEWN\XRML=_=N;&PP:`J2

M?_WW?_V7G_]M=W?G5Q*1Q



2?HZ3R5Y_?_]@;UGPT[SD

MU+6S\W
??^HO
M9W&4QB$=,4:_^%3R\

MGBL![_R$1-DSR6C@AQ:D76O/LN@/T
W)%#Z0WHYO9VP$00]JJ&116ZY$OAT_
M9''PYW
.HQ&#W02T3&H)\J&01#G408+SAW(%52?DTS.F7R
NS9_%T%D?SF7#Y][N0B5<J9*J&UA]R!-8*Q\8-6P!S


TRO9&=+JW*+/GA^$G


M2Z-B)KBYBH?(J\9B49DM/P4DZB%7;(PFL(7PSBH?9DEMTXX0(JP(S]]*E`


IO4Q'/JTU+?X
M9JR4.D]!@G@V7Y

01QGTR*]A40^&`9FP?[S_/8Q3
M


MF4]'7U]GL)22830J_!\5U!+Z-&I[_9/M8U$7%Y_
TZ[(9#:]]-VH=T-DW-4+



P<(CL2-B!*!$5#4F1W#




M?(TRDLP2FI)ST'=`V1W4?)H7SN[S/*'19+V&S/G?NG%O@







W98X+!MM=D9J\RF5.4


MM9WT2.P8Q6G`.W)Z$&UD)V4Z5-CMCH1'3J1VTJ





?6]:A/PB=/


M\5




M4B2MYYTB






7OB70/L/)(BC
#27_H9\*_XD]^3H-`#@$1A.&@PM36380I8$
MLA<)Z%JP6JT/T!'<P[)*@\8MK?:FL6$]O81W+0RXX@#0/X\&\*8LJU_5*'7
M74=O&F#66S-H=1QAUA?Z+WER?Y00LU[/Y5:NC7F]H*%*F!#`5D69]7I.CS6-




OVWEJPN][IYP;FQ(


M%;D?8WO#V

9)1K\7OTOZ@$YUP(T@IG?3
M74%?
]CN6UO*^]X[0!!BOVG69;K`=M
:5)`0G[TP
?]O?0B*8#&;D*_$5`


M;3FQ8A\&)2`X$5JW





`)N.C/

MQ-F2GM.4Y97($Z*QAK5M&A2&X+3?8A*UJPA!S^G



M.I!84X(.U%F@F0((\\DOU-*BXY1;`34@L!1BZS!U#0DZ2G?)Y^0`%AN_M'UG


GZ^WV7QE:S

M:M3V^DX3OV]LUC*&CQKOQCQF\8#F1JU`;536ZKV@ZC:#!D2O`X56:[_C1





K2O;\$3XL'TNX2

]50[


M+D[HC]4M[C;W?C.W^*#VK@Y?[NURBP^.

-V:9X$=#K+ER/^JY]$L
=)

ZIO?W$YZN?4O[_H9ACB:)R
5
M'@U^X
C
H\X
F1N-S'2:(;EU98C@3\(S1!^F#VJTZ3(CCP.AS62A=V:POJ


M](:*%\'!%A!I+9`50Z9TPN/!JV8$DAU%^3.&UTGBLJ`EC

MT4;==T[3'K=V

ZHB]5]=[R/

(L[N27$:86D%

M]52.=F.H-Y95R2ZT&P%=(



Y(0







M*P%(I\E][=.FBTGN%[8P?KX0
T=R4QWBV%@V4:9JV]BW%VJ]M.8JHMC6BGD'_0X]7MSN)[%45X06:+3!
M5B@T0<_).E9'&6)'RC6



:1M0+
(C(*6S2^1
LF(SIA@G11F`





M#HY=+EUF*14Y-%0)$P+8JJ=/!DZ?&VIV9;708EW9=;FWZND3D!B'.:J%RM$^
M?5)$I-^._X!=HQ]EM\D]G3QGMWF69G[$DJ=+%@I559BL$:3G
%M$]#`Y
34M



M3!`Y
ZUN)(Q4!T7^YLN4WH..[C)J3'[LLT2PXIME5$9X37HO`9IA';ORI\A9

KK&*52@
*I!4`_


NO?

-=E_RT,8M`@]M=+9WKEJ+BX&Y^(5MV.;E


M@78SMF&@40Y;AUN8`HI-2CI\2HM-ASVIG&CWF`(
S=;.%IBQ:9'74!YX*`
M&+!/7


_G9$Q`Z)'=Q;U%JZ!?#.9
H]6]-5QD



8)9



N1
MN?PCK$Y\D'8CH`

$M(0.?&KF@TG
9)1K\7_ZLR
M%&HW!/@PQ`
8\B$Q'1HBQ^K[6YFF2F!





@L9;8468.-S/.@@XL?[2D]1;=I






_O$V?XE!`1Z4
R-RA6:DI!1P(;JX@F6U.S^+IE
7ZQ
&?\R=.



MA\3-?2##

M[X9%Q0%*A\DFFK(B1^



M9
'STE@:


#$S
3(S
5]L

DV353)-DU4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$``-U]:W/C1I;E]XW8
M_Y#KWIBHBJJ2G;/PW;W3%`297.:$K4BR^X.QX0#(I(2VB#`!D5Y(W][YL/
M``20;P#
3
V';JO(O
E[
\_)Y\U[__0?+[L8/

LC]+DSU^=?_CT%8#))@VC


MUKA1F=:

38KF]


#G[O/KJWVLQL-R6A!4DN72O:__D15Z-@US=K]%F2;


*`O1'M^_11[\NT!00SY(B





4!+@]*`5!*3*K9R^688&C+/=S`Z!F?N0,.I5
M)NV1X*M[W.O@J\L'?7#9X\E=!O=!%



A:JME^OIPK-3.OFQGO<+:+@(8HCO'5










MX@UN&)*@+T%\%T3A/+D
]A%:Y\KN;T42]F]OA;HS%Y]U28+@GDRL).KV[[

M-E$QW6P.NP-YNW1UR-`8TY604&6


SQN41A='1
W\]@=P
5U
;R]GKE_F
M:VD]N[U2JNSVH$?_@

S?EV+F(/_-^[&


S1PXQMXR9DW-O
M0[940EXPI;9`DR6TO&\



).J%A7


M%)ZX3]XPU





SK5EQW9Z\O8/[S3M8HZ\D!PYF:@GB74*CK+@*.ST**^G=0O$R!CD

(B

T;3


XVMDYV6:(
T.2+GRGC!-

MWGVVEC@84=VL5@2'!4`1PT`5:$:*8@2H-(U

;E_?Y




W)/P



2J(;W0UM^FB
M2S!\HDAOQ.K@(.XYIXF[+KF



0


Y0=`&K;&X#Z





$]L<ZSI]*@_=]^W#


M#0^XW:($'`

M82Q=OAWB:/3+!#1$\$J9KF-L&UJSSLL\+Z.1UW%RZWB4OL6D%H+=N(HN4K,
MV2/0%=RCD3,B=Z[H[QCB/W#NRUV:%='OW+O81D/HB5NGDZ95[#N*HQBHY6C6
MUH:DR\EU#,M($&JE/3;Y9(++JW
(6@U!&0&`YS(A?ZW




M7V



;\'R

TR\]([DG2RGSAJ-QB(Z[655EU

M'D8U'XHEQ!B?;F-T

M




M*I^0ZN4?JJ1\SJ1_2&9_:NIG

M@1W);N&=@3P3+9BQC
M^+KA:W6+LMPV$KIJ


M/;^=WEZ^$9=O@ZFO+W3M


P`$S_?W2UF-[/;]70!
MKN:KR\5R]?E^!I;7=`J[7BQ_1E2[7M[?3-?SY:T'H60






_\RCQQ4MX;+H/'(+TW(V8C!/\(
M^V1^;;Z-=@*;^XQES<05;V.#K&G\FD3%WQ[H6.)-.)8!:#9DN1K*WG#X.GI!
MX\Q8'.;7YAN'!3;WX3IZDUQ6-/X!9G8<18I_'_1;I^ES\1GQH.M^0!(&Q)9
MC6=OB(P??Y7+A@$$;M?B&W$[-O8A+*ZBWAF






\RHU(5YLX6/R5?281-MH@YU`

M344E5&T&Y#[FMB#/#P)RR*BS(U:+.@C0K;2&C7%]3
OBVY93MW/86-


M!




29$
M/&3


38KH&5:+`WS5^H:&


M?


M1\M[

4DF]*&EMT$=(C*^#_XO.XYB/'T

M&'O=LW`(LIFKGL&PML?H69`E4?*8W\&




Z
0`7&.74L'K@8$*[@%F89

M*O1I'.C%`/$8

Y)\C6C4[C$(]*G6X4C0
MJQ5DPT%=87


#T]+
MVI\CHY9-1DE



MO9BXQM'5ZMZ&AP)F-R.&@

MR'@P='^(DK@O([7K=
#6%_#O:;%IGY)6-)0$3]]$O6L8Q[8Z%AFA?W%0P8


5\
M!?<9W-7PNCO&)8;1K0BRXIR
RDT0K;)&NTG[.^SQFL=9JMUK!HTZP9UY32Z


M.P6:

QD6\D1]&203L'DS)

O32(
X.;E(8YA
D\V/Z8T

3JL/G

M(KE;RNZ2@-&121Q3%G`_[WNCJM;D/I:VUF9P/EI;L[8



+9)P#QWQ+
T%

\=8HRP%2T/WT[:OF





89O^9*1YU\`M;?MPAT)AYCT#+`5H0
M_&?F2\=+F[S]1$'=W@.Z_B;:Y==!)HXUQRUEM[

K;74!(].YHBY:[0Q=QQ]XP9H+15.:X.U]8&*
M`ZVE@1X!!C#R-DU






MT^
GI9((Z+%02:M'2TR/
T=)@NZV&QB=S*P24#;*.`F+7NG'C3=.OG0=$EVD

C^2@E0F9!VU
M4@NZ(




28

BX/K4R-F2;)`8W$$1()

OBQ[UM_WR2ARS
M2&&ADE*5/

$#$KV


M#W4:U!%#SD7ZW]53D



M=EWXY%HP'FS8]#OC8N8-4.GV@#UURL5$/CT43VD6_0YE[[U.\%MOAVB2]N+S








:U@@T5

4;)

MTW8XT




EL4:E3@S?YKD*VMO5A\%/%@0V:.4N;:I2=$
M!V2_X/_


MLR(WKCXC&MVQ+3BA;2:9:



@8/K:4;)$!RV+3[2$
M1@OK9UC/ASA!RSW$C8&THW2N7DACO_X#4N2U55CIE%JMY\Z=)0V8?*+5K4V



+40Y#I7GT[35XC1

M

C

M'\@0M#H/&](FMX







O8CLE

%W*!5

MI@7

4\@/H8G2U:0WO:7N@;VMR

`YC@&D
M.Q1*JW`[[





M`PT48&*IH(4DBW2`Q660/]WA\.





M$4G\C(P/GM\/+OW
?TK\X(]T5?^@]U/OIZ




M5B
_R=[U.REKPT(7[^.

#2.&OI*B[5'H&PPX
M:2

M2&E$TG0X9U\X^$
*4]\CG49T0@


^E;$AB#)NUN8.S
()KMV=WV6#.\3GMM+G?`:6$X
MOI`
IEB#KNNVU\H^SXKQ#9MM8W?(9G
K6
Q;MKOZ*W^J/OX
T_XK36N@
6[8
M+IA+


M^@3-*FAD10F\T&GID%,W1H#GZHCQ%2=`8`Q`W$=^E,!5QMEO,'AUWTDBP.


/]Y[
7T9Y6`0<XI=D
M+L`$^<G?F+S])WF7#]+-LH#<J2C:<%SRP`AHQ*S=7R29&
=)]^.B(H#?HR:
MC9)
.1X!GYA%F\([?R=A^)]1_#UZ)'X:1V1\DZ8+DDB'IZ`.6&(O91T-4`)Z
M
2_%'`$1`71/5!VSR93N@I;U`%\DE8:
PE[(3

M8\


M8?%$\SQWI0&G2@:J


M6\-2.@3W'B1





L.EO)?
M8-A1K?/VZD]@BI@&Q07?L3C=0`EA)JN)]




M&M4:[CZ.@CH?[&H]S^W;#.U\LP4P;:6C1C#
E^G=RA.:S`
XQ3VWKSCHLR9@
M6P1)$)EAK(PA()EG&M-Q[KE]UZ$QS4)




MKL5LD8?87X2&DVW:\BCAHW[@U0Z&RU'

A,L\]G$$?*7#R4=GE^''YR295VFO&YOH54P!@KM4\F7

MQZO

MZ!CDA\F%@N

YZ_OX$ORT8AP:U

`-:H.I4$37:;-J*A)N(;64SL6I4YPOP)2P

M--YSJ.
=Z]I@
-QBV!:UAHZQ#;2M'##[=+*]OBAR$TWB9);7^NM(6W$\NG65





'TU4+

I*NUX.9CW/$:^I]9$;A.Q
*V'M5UC$+D:G6KM876VIN+




2-'XWCT6)QC

M3+UP5E4%.@?NU\VB7IZ_;_P7[46T07M@`!3;7#VB5`MJ8^`_S.KZ!$4(2P.F

MA5C%
C)E:&*U


M9*S\M@KK@%E0A*%(.!-M@J6(+(4BVOVH7LWF8?Q.%)&BFZ4`#@K!0F%OSFS
MPV$K7!#!%/P2)]D326:7Y#G3N)+%+0]&Z99.H8&V$YDX*_C4


R(.ZA87!G0XQ`F9\3E3L01
=X+B!%.7

M/`_J
JE2-%UW7/\(V*A%
`**3:\!8ZJ3X!KX\9P%-Q\S*MCLL_AA`O5FK4FS

M








^5-BZLY%A[


MS#OL.]52N`:6B)0;W180X5A


^I5%FU9#K]A&*O*_0IM

7@?+[-0*;WB2M[AH=


MV\A0WJNX\]][1_#GKZ7OW#+U`_O
I1G-%JS'BW?J!7O\`C%#0P=TG@G`#7`
M=BA5RN9T*!,O%#7`,B@N=QC.[U(T;N]XM$'PB0T'M
`'%WQE+VTGC?`\3Z]
ME#T=PKFX$+P0LI^Y30YQ)&9L[!5JD)8NLN#[`EC(:'*

M[0L_2=Y99-:
I?K0YGNS&IBT&Q\#'BQ+]VHP#/3;.)JNLLXOG9NRQ%[SXMN7
M

M=
-EHN'D8U<WBHN;]QHRJTYU;VOC
MXP*=

B;J.1S9MZRJQVQ61



D'?[
MKW.`U#M$MF

M5I1:J-`]R[B:;&GT2M*LX+_XYVWFB[]Z-_G_
;
LH:97;R0):$I&0UXZQV]
MBF`?K'M&#NLFFP)_\@XG].DV#OP(U



MRP4ZSZTU:QC\X

#:
M^@TP%(H3?QMTY:=DV%9UO=X&P1YI%[?Z;





MUB*MAH`OJ04
[E^


J$9


6++MRLL3]=$X``:_!M6ZB=

T*&\
MFW);UOXF@9U0?'=:=14I=EM7XN/
#QUG9BVZ:W=)TZ!58`:'0FZTIFD
N$/:

M
**
R6/4G?%(TS`R#TI_HN)#85BNC-EKU&BKYQ0H%-1WEROAQB:6\*`L
P
M_LYR#*_L`!8X2U.27;RP






M

MAQ&WX@V^HEB06?07%=@.!03PK6;\40&[H`@OLCEIK'%UYG_?.V!+TOHA=J
M-P+60Q%!9+;$








4`2*
M&$P0IN`LZ0BNT[-?Q%$:AW3
@I8^K`60UVE*W*D('_W15A`J-3R'SZ36%`]P

M

MEJT@O^2C4]T;'*
_9`,)Z.$62Q[9T\39U?_7-YYFP@;\`[01'6:&
Z





M=5S$JDH[I'$FJU7?^[9WEV!QO
NH;UW^
..`^E&B6I$]A+@F8)




*<HY+(&=.H`Q!`D*R#SFB8%8):L1<XBIZC7

M;D&P%5;J6`.O'

[4MEJ+BV%
ME\BXW2X+)D$ABAI2RX=A*U82#;/


A?K8?'TF?K[26)3B


M$'#;4AP%CM?=&A
HQ(8@`+:U.(K^?L7`B+@3@[
4K(I!V&T81]%'$3*COZ06



Y9HO;
M\=UUIOY+FL[C-$]@,9SD+SK()BUI/;`1E&D/?[Y_J9AE*:R-J+G


O!


MB+R67407N




*7NFFA)+1C9)@*?Z77-2.7`$O.[AM?W53'8?1P'\XSK$(AIS]GJ7


,G3#'(0U8@+&#9\'*/5X_6T;SM,^CDGV&DZ50YX<?
MX4HZM\JMM`\N<N)J<FH$H*1D*KA_`G\[#^57$G;=%3`[O78H@_Q)S0WAK7T
M;ELUG\!NY[Q5/I^-C$@.9C)A7B&-64I9U^M]^^IJ!A)V;NUY.K.'23
`%X6&



MU$7UUZH^'!\$?`Y5#NWN;Q^'XPAKJMBC[



M
RP#_G0%]\L.1@+_7(EKN1=A;@+E2RH13AUEG*;A1(!B

!1!@(#!%
M]^K)8D'9+$ANX8'R[S




Q:L\%[$HBF3;/C=$JW`J



M+N3SUM.^F97Q:)8I0\M66J9K

MLUW(B:VSO52.$NV9\I;9FLQN'+HKUC4S6DATK3%JH?(!^O^12_6/.AKCELQ0
M=.;$F?HY_WE'4'^A-K?&S^XXF9UWU/$=5GI&Q^]@]
&C[Z555`N&TR\B/\CW


MSE*/+/O(.K8/'H6[ZOTZ(%8VU@.1RFT!HOQ`GHK-IP*JW9.J+1I/U-$T'#5:
M*M@EGA3I$VNEJI;]AM-M3(!*Q)+K78&4G1I4!4E6+KW9&4O92425P&0%EW?6




)6A
M*GW/@W!QWHG%*:B/U\)JNON[9S&GBO*A1P($:I)8&,,*46EL6!,G(YC3.A












3
Q
C
Q+GAM;%54!0`#)-DU4W5X

M``````$```D@99D``!C86=Z+3(P,3,Q,C,Q7V-A;YX;6Q55`4``R39-5-U


#$S
3(S

DV353
M=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`5H)\1#=+87$#.P``#EP#`!4`

C`Q
S$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#)-DU


<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
15 years<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 acres of land for approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. On May 15, 2012, the closing of the sale took place and the Company recognized a gain of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndNotesReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 to an operating company (the &#8220;Borrower&#8221;) with which the Company has been engaged in discussions regarding a potential acquisition. On December 5, 2013, the Company provided a second loan to Borrower in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. Pursuant to the terms of the respective promissory notes, the loans bear interest at a rate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% per annum and mature on <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The Borrower has granted the Company a security interest in all of Borrower&#8217;s accounts receivable and inventory. During 2013, the Company recorded interest income of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cagz_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price on the date of grant and they generally vest over a three year period and expire between <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

, payable in annual installments of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, which includes interest of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% per annum. The note payable is secured by certain farming equipment. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the outstanding principal balance was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, respectively. At December 31, 2013, principal payments due <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 2014 amounted to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were outstanding. These warrants had an exercise strike price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share and expired on <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 As of December 31, 2013 the Company has an estimated net operating loss carry forward (&#8220;NOLs&#8221;) of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 which begins to expire starting in 2029.&#160;&#160;The Company has determined that the deferred tax asset has no value at this time, as the Company does not believe it will utilize these losses in the future, and accordingly has recorded a valuation allowance of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

