

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014303
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMAIZE BEVERAGE Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001137005
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				330730042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-59114
		FILM NUMBER:		161953977
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5042 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		#34708
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-720-2112
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5042 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		#34708
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90036
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SnackHealthy
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150202
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Healthient
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110201
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Healtient
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101117








     






U.
S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
June 30
 2016

Commission
File Number 

AMAIZE
BEVERAGE CORPORATION



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
                                         Employer
Identification
        No.)

    
    
    

5042
    Wilshire Blvd.
 #34708
 Los Angeles
 CA
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


Issuer&rsquo;s
telephone number: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.405) is not contained herein
and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statement incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.




Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated file [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Smaller
    reporting company [X]

(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
registrant&rsquo;s revenues for its most recent fiscal year were $0

The
aggregate market value of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates based upon the closing sales price of the
common stock on September 27
 2016 of $0.18 per share
 as reported by the OTC Markets Pink Sheets was&nbsp; approximately $635
756.
Shares of common stock held by each of the current executive officers and directors and by each person who is known by the registrant
to own 5% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from this computation in that such persons may be deemed
to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not a conclusive determination for other purposes.

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant&rsquo;s only class of common stock
 $0.001 par value per share
 was 15
558
030
of September 30
 2016. The registrant has no outstanding non-voting common equity.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE







    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


PART
I

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS



Amaize
Beverage Corporation
 (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;the Registrant&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) develops and markets better-for-you 100% natural beverages. The Company&rsquo;s goal is
to successfully position a &ldquo;better for you&rdquo; portfolio of beverages as convenient
 healthy solutions to support the
lifestyles of today&rsquo;s active health conscious consumers. We commenced sales of our packaged snack products in the third
quarter ended March 31
 2011
 although we made no sales during the twelve months ended June 30
 2016 or 2015. Our principal executive
office address is 5042 Wilshire Blvd.
 Los Angeles
 CA 90036 and our telephone number is (949) 287-3164.



Amaize
Beverage Corporation is organized under the laws of the state of Nevada. The
Board of Directors and the majority shareholders of the Company constituting a total of 9
327
859 shares of common stock (82.83%)
approved as of June 26
 2015
 in a written consent of the Board of Directors and the majority of the shareholders of the Company
a name change from &ldquo;SnackHealthy
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;Amaize Beverage Corporation&rdquo;. The Company believes that its
new name will better reflect the new direction of the Company&rsquo;s business
 that of developing and marketing beverages that
provide sustenance and benefit to active and health-conscious consumers. The Company seeks to deliver these health benefits as
it develops products that are all-natural
 low-calorie and free from artificial sweeteners. On August 13
 2015
 the Company has
filed an amendment to its articles of incorporation (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;) with the Secretary of State of the state of
Nevada. The Amendment provides for the change of the Company name from SnackHealthy
 Inc. to its current name
 Amaize Beverage
Corporation. The Company&rsquo;s trading symbol was changed by FINRA to &ldquo;BEVS&rdquo;.

Business
Overview

To
more effectively facilitate the process of shifting to retail beverage distribution
 in November 2013
 Richard Damion joined our
Company as the acting chief executive officer. He was then approved by the Board of Directors as the Company&rsquo;s President
and Chief Executive Officer in January 2014. On February 15
 2015
 the Board of Directors of the Company appointed A.R. (Bud)
Grandsaert
 age 72
 as the Company&rsquo;s new President. Richard Damion resigned as the Company&rsquo;s President as of that
date; however
 he remains the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Director.


    
    


We
determined during the first quarter of 2015 that we would transition out of our lower margin
 perishable snack food product lines
and have focused our resources solely on developing new healthy beverages. Amaize Beverage Corporation will continue to focus
on developing its healthy beverage product line with a plan to sell to large retailers and club stores in the United States. The
Company recently completed development of a unique &ldquo;better for you&rdquo; beverage with purple corn as its primary ingredient.
Purple corn has historical roots of over thousands of years yet is newly rediscovered for its incredible health benefits. Leading
research &amp; development companies in the United States have been gathering data on its health benefits and working on integrating
its benefits into a number of consumer products. The beverage
 with super antioxidant status
 is a unique blend of fruits and
spices
 offering extraordinary health benefits and great taste. Our initial portfolio design includes three beverage lines; Amaize&trade;100%
Natural Purple Corn Beverage
 Amaizing Tea&trade; and Amaizing Lemonade&trade;. We plan to launch our Amaize&trade; 100% Natural
Purple Corn Drink ahead of our blended teas&nbsp;&nbsp; and blended lemonades to establish our distribution network with a one
of a kind product and to later
our tea and lemonade beverages through an established distribution
system. The fact that the average American drinks over seven drinks per day allows plenty of opportunity to market a healthy drink
While there can be no assurance
management believes that this strategy will ultimately prove successful. The Company is currently seeking the necessary financing
to pursue its business and growth plans
 however
 no assurances can be given that the Company will obtain the necessary financing.

We
are a virtual company with a focus on staying lean through the use of cloud based technologies
 maintaining low overhead
 subcontracting
services
 creating sales through commissioned brokers
 developing products through reputable co-packers and keeping little to
no inventory except for use in sales and business development activities.

Industry
wide factors that affect us include the increasing prevalence of obesity in adults and children and a growing demand for healthier
foods and beverages worldwide.



    
    
According
    to the World Health Organization (WHO)
 approximately 1.7 billion adults are overweight and 400 million are obese. By 2015
    it is predicted that 2.3 billion adults will be overweight and more than 700 million will be obese. Obesity rates among children
    have also climbed
 with more than 30 percent now overweight or obese.

    
    
    

    
    
According
                                                                              to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
 over the last 30 years
 obesity among American children ages 6 to 11 has
                                                                              more than doubled.

    
    
    

    
    
Studies
    show that the most effective way to prevent obesity is to address it during childhood by instilling healthy habits which starts
    with the very basis of cutting back on sugary drinks
 eating the right foods
 and exercising daily.




Our
initial portfolio will consist of three beverage lines; Amaize&trade;100% Natural Purple Corn Beverage
 Amaizing Tea&trade; and
Amaizing Lemonade&trade;. We plan to launch our Amaize&trade; 100% Natural Purple Corn Drink ahead of our blended tea and blended


is subject to the Company&rsquo;s ability to obtain additional financing.

Benefits
of Purple Corn in AMAIZE&trade;

The
beneficial properties of Purple Corn are promising. Current research supports
 although it has not been scientifically proven
daily intake values of 300mg to maximize health benefits and nutritional supports for:



    
    
Heart/Cardiovascular
    Health

    
    
    

    
    
Colon
    Health

    
    
    

    
    
Weight
    Management

    
    
    

    
    
Brain
    Health

    
    
    

    
    
Vision
    Health

    
    
    

    
    
Antioxidant
    Defense System

    
    
    

    
    
Healthy
    Inflammatory Response

    
    
    

    
    
Promoting
    Collagen

    
    
    

    
    
Maintaining
    Healthy Blood Sugar Levels



    
    


AMAIZE&trade;
100% NATURAL

Amaize
is a uniquely delicious drink
 rich is color and high in antioxidants. It is based on an ancient Peruvian drink made by brewing
purple corn and adding tropical pineapple juice and apple juice. It offers many potential health benefits. Due to the high concentrations
of natural purple pigments known as anthocyanins
 Purple Corn is an antioxidant powerhouse. It protects cells from damage by free
radicals
 detoxifies
 is a powerful anti-inflammatory and lowers blood pressure. Because Purple corn&rsquo;s anthocyanins are
stable when heated
 we are able to harness their special properties.

AMAIZING
LEMONADE

Amaizing
Lemonade is a 100% Natural Lemonade blended with Purple Corn It is a refreshing take on one of America&rsquo;s favorite beverages.
We plan to extend the line to five distinct and great tasting flavors
 offering significantly reduced calories without the use
of artificial sweeteners or coloring. Amaizing Lemonade is being formulated to contain approximately 40% fewer calories than our
competitors and will be the only all lemonade blended with purple corn in the marketplace.

The
Lemonade Market

A
brief review of the Lemonade market is in order. Lemonade
 that quintessential summertime drink
 is becoming a drink for all seasons.
No longer resigned to backyard barbecues and ball games
 the category has seen a surge in year-round consumption.



    
    
Lemonade
    is America&rsquo;s second favorite juice drink.

    
    
    

    
    
89%
    of juice drinkers consume lemonade; 36% as a favorite.

    
    
    

    
    
56%
    of all teenagers prefer lemonade in the juice category.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Lemonade single serve category in 2014 was estimated to be over $184M up 11% from 2013.


AMAIZING
TEA

Somewhere
between the pumped-up
 sugar-saturated drinks and the tasteless waters
 there is a need for a healthier alternative in the tea
category. Our goal is to provide genuine natural taste without the artificially concocted sweeteners and preservatives designed
to compensate for lack of taste. Amaizing Tea will allow people to enjoy the world&rsquo;s second most popular drink the way hundreds
of civilizations and nature intended it to be; a world of flavor freshly brewed and barely sweetened. We plan to blend tea from
around the world with brewed purple corn with an added hint of honey or pure palm sugar. Finally
 we will filter Amaizing Tea
to produce a pure genuine taste that doesn&rsquo;t need a disguise. Unlike most of the bottled teas in the marketplace
 our formula
for Amaizing Tea does not use bricks of tea dust
 tea concentrate
 or other artificial sweeteners or acids. The tea will have
no bitter aftertaste or sugar kick
 and will not leave a syrupy film on the drinker&rsquo;s teeth.

Production
and Manufacturing

Though
it was a long and arduous &ldquo;learning experience&rdquo; finding the perfect way to brew the purple corn and blend it with
the appropriate ingredients
 we have developed unique brewing tools and techniques which will enable us to manufacture in an efficient
and scalable manner to achieve our desired consistency. We plan to have our Amaize beverage line brewed and bottled at facilities
selected based on numerous criteria including capacity
 reputation
 quality control
 production efficiency and willingness to
invest in a long-term partnership. The Company is currently seeking the necessary financing to pursue its production and manufacturing
plans
 however
 no assurances can be given that the Company will obtain the necessary financing.

Target
Market

Our
primary targeted demographics are 30+ adults who want to feel young and lead active
 healthy lives. Our mission and concept is
supported by a growing consumer link between nutrition and wellness and the ever-growing need for convenient solutions. This fact
ensures the product line does not just attract the huge &ldquo;baby boomer&rdquo; category but includes all health conscious consumers.

Product
Launch

We
plan to launch our initial beverage in the second quarter of 2017. The launch of our initial beverage is subject to the Company&rsquo;s
ability to obtain additional financing. Pre-marketing discussions with distributors are underway and some distributors have expressed
interest in adding the Amaize brand to their line-up. We plan to use in-store sampling as a strategy to educate consumers. In
addition
 we plan to advertise via consumer websites
 social media outlets and magazines. The Company is currently seeking the
necessary financing to pursue its product launch
 however
 no assurances can be given that the Company will obtain the necessary
financing.

Product
Positioning

We
plan to position our beverages as both an RTD stand-alone and a natural complement to food in an effort to broaden appeal. We
believe we can benefit from the large and growing tea and lemonade markets reflected by the surging sales growth in both categories
in North America and internationally. Our beverages
 being all-natural
 lower calorie
 and &ldquo;good for you&rdquo;
 will be
in-line with our corporate mission to reach a large demographic by aiming to be the one of the healthiest
 all-natural beverages
in the marketplace.


    
    


Packaging
and Pricing 

We
plan to have our line of products offered initially in a 16oz. plastic bottle to be followed up with an 8 oz. individual and a
larger 32 oz. Club size. Our bottles
 logos and labels will be designed in a very attractive contemporary style with packaging
communicating the attributes of the beverages in several ways:



    
    
By
    using contemporary designed bottles with spot labeling
 (i.e. front and back instead of wraparound) our bottles evoke quality
    with more space for the consumer to see the color of our beverages. The rich color of our purple corn drink and our teas with
    a purple hue are very appealing to the eye.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    beauty of our custom bottles are in their simplicity. Our packaging has no flashy slogans
 advertising call-outs or marketing
    hype. The package helps condition the consumer&rsquo;s mind for what they are about to experience.


The
Company is currently seeking the necessary financing to pursue its packaging plans
 however
 no assurances can be given that the
Company will obtain the necessary financing.

The
retail price for our 16oz. Amaize&trade; is expected to be between $2.50 and $2.99
 considerably less than Pom Wonderful which
usually sells for $3.88. The retail price for a 16oz. teas and lemonades are expected to vary between $1.29 and $2.00 falling
in the middle of the category on a pricing basis.

Market
Opportunity 

Explosive
Growth in Ready-to-Drink (RTD) Tea and Bottled Water Markets

Although
carbonated soft drinks still dominate the beverage market
 in the past ten years Ready-To-Drink teas and bottled water have emerged
as alternatives. Since 2009 the United States tea market has enjoyed 20% annual growth
 with wholesale sales reaching over $10
billion last year. Individual tea consumption has risen to over 9 gallons per capita.

The
Emergence of Tea Culture

Arizona
Tea and Snapple have helped make tea accessible to a broader population. Now in the same way that gourmet coffees have become
popular
 consumers are beginning to develop an appreciation for finer teas. Over the last six years United States loose leaf tea
sales have more than doubled. According to the Tea Council
 there are over a thousand tea houses or tea parlors in the country
mostly opened within the last two or three years. These parlors focus almost exclusively on tea
 products that go with tea as
well as tea hardware. They carry names such as Teaism
 TeaLuxe
 Elixir Tonics and Teas
 and Tea &amp; Company. Even Lipton is
opening a flagship tea bar in Pasadena
 California. In addition to the burgeoning of tea cafes
 tea culture is spreading in the
form of tea magazines
 tea-flavored ice cream
 frozen tea ice bars
 tea-scented perfume and bubble bath
 tea jelly
 tea calendars
and even books about tea. The paperback Loving Tea was recently spotted as a &ldquo;cash register book&rdquo; at the bookstore
commanding prime space next to Dilbert and Chicken Soup for the Soul.

Rise
of Cultural Creatives

Market


 calling them a core consumer element. A study by the market research firm American LIVES identified a subset of
the population
 roughly 44 million Americans
 which they labeled &ldquo;Cultural Creatives&rdquo;. Among the key characteristics
and values identified for this group below
 make them ideal customers.



    
    
Experiential
    consumers; they want to know where a product came from
 how it was made
 and who made it.

    
    
    

    
    
Holistic;
    they view nature as sacred and form the core market for alternative health care and natural foods.

    
    
    

    
    
Aggressive
    consumers of cultural products; love of things foreign and exotic.

    
    
    

    
    
Desire
    for authenticity; favoring high integrity over high fashion.

    
    
    

    
    
Disdainful
    of mainstream media and consumerist culture; too superficial
 not enough attention to the full story.

    
    
    

    
    
Attuned
    to global issues and whole systems; they have a sense of belonging to a global village.



    
    


Profile
of Target Customer

When
we combine these above trends and compare them with the demographics of the Cultural Creatives study as well as other market demographic
information
 we are able to develop a profile of our target customers:



    
    
60%
    women
 40% men.

    
    
    

    
    
Median
    age 42
 with a range from 30-65.

    
    
    

    
    
Likely
    to live near a concentrated urban area.

    
    
    

    
    
Likely
    to have graduated college or have an advanced degree.

    
    
    

    
    
Likely
    to currently be bottled water or RTD drinkers.

    
    
    

    
    
Interested
    in running
 hiking and outdoor healthy activities.

    
    
    

    
    
Average
    family income $52
000.


Available
Information

Our
We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Reports
on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K as soon as reasonably practical after we file such material
with
 or furnish it to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission
 or SEC. This information is also available in print to any shareholder
who requests it
 with any such requests addressed to Investor Relations
 5042 Wilshire Blvd.
 34708
 Los Angeles
 California 90036.
Certain of these documents may also be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet website
that contains reports
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at 

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS

In
addition to the other information in this Form 10-K
 the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our
business. Our business
 financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected by any of these risks. Additional
risks and uncertainties
 including risks that we do not presently know of or currently deem insignificant
 may also impair our
business
 financial condition or results of operations.

Our
performance may be impacted by general economic conditions and an economic downturn.

Recessionary
pressures from an overall decline in U.S. economic activity could adversely impact our business and financial results. Economic
uncertainty may reduce consumer spending in our sales channels and create a shift in consumer preference toward private label
products. Shifts in consumer spending could result in increased pressure from competitors or customers to reduce the prices of
some of our products and/or limit our ability to increase or maintain prices
 which could lower our revenues and profitability.
Instability in the financial markets may impact our ability or increase the cost to enter into credit agreements in the future.
Additionally
 it may weaken the ability of our customers
 suppliers
 distributors
 banks
 insurance companies and other business
partners to perform in the normal course of business
 which could expose us to losses or disrupt the supply of inputs we rely
upon to conduct our business. If one or more of our key business partners fail to perform as expected or contracted for any reason
our business could be negatively impacted.

Volatility
in the price or availability of the inputs we depend on
 including raw materials
 packaging
 energy and labor
 could adversely
impact our financial results.

Our
financial results could be adversely impacted by changes in the cost or availability of raw materials and packaging. Continued
growth would require us to hire
 retain and develop a highly skilled workforce and talented management team. Any unplanned turnover
or our failure to develop an adequate succession plan for current positions could erode our competitiveness. In addition
 our
financial results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees
 higher employee turnover
or increased employee benefit costs.

We
operate in a highly competitive industry.

Price
competition and industry consolidation could adversely impact our financial results. The sales of most of our products are subject
to significant competition primarily through discounting and other price cutting techniques by competitors
 many of whom are significantly
larger and have greater resources than we do. In addition
 there is a continuing consolidation in the beverage and snack food
industries
 which could increase competition. Significant competition increases the possibility that we could lose one or more
major customers
 lose existing product authorizations at customer locations
 lose market share and/or shelf space
 increase expenditures
or reduce selling prices
 which could have an adverse impact on our business or financial results.


    
    


Sales
price increases initiated by us may negatively impact our financial results. Future price increases
 such as those to offset increased
ingredient costs
 may reduce our overall sales volume
 which could reduce revenues and operating profit. Additionally
 if market
prices for certain ingredients decline significantly below our contracted prices
 customer pressure to reduce prices could lower
revenues and operating profit.

The
loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on our financial results and growth prospects.

There
are risks associated with our ability to retain key employees. If certain key employees terminate their employment
 it could negatively
impact sales
 marketing or development activities. Further
 management&rsquo;s attention might be diverted from operations to
recruiting suitable replacements and our financial condition
 results of operations and growth prospects could be adversely affected.
In addition
 we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for key employees or offer employment to potential replacements
on acceptable terms.

Efforts
to execute and accomplish our strategic initiatives could adversely affect our financial results.

If
we are unsuccessful due to our execution
 unplanned events
 ability to manage change or unfavorable market conditions
 our financial
performance could be adversely affected. If we pursue strategic acquisitions
 divestitures
 or joint ventures
 we may incur significant
costs and may not be able to consummate the transactions or obtain financing.

Concerns
with the safety and quality of certain food and beverage products or ingredients could cause consumers to avoid our products.

We
could be adversely affected if consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain products
or ingredients. Negative publicity about these concerns
 whether or not valid
 may discourage consumers from buying our products
or cause disruptions in production or distribution of our products and negatively impact our business and financial results.

If
our products become adulterated
 misbranded or mislabeled
 we might need to recall those items and we may experience product liability
claims if consumers are injured or become sick.

Product
recalls or safety concerns could adversely impact our market share and financial results. We may be required to recall certain
of our products should they be mislabeled
 contaminated or damaged. We also may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings
if it is alleged that the consumption of any of our products causes injury or illness. A product recall or an adverse result in
any such litigation could have an adverse effect on our operating and financial results. We may also lose customer confidence
for our entire brand portfolio.

Disruption
of our supply chain or information technology systems could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.

Our
ability to manufacture
 distribute and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or
distribution capabilities or the supply and delivery of key inputs
 such as raw materials
 finished goods
 packaging
 labor and
energy
 could impair our ability to conduct our business. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 weather
 natural disasters
fires
 terrorism
 pandemics and strikes. Certain warehouses and manufacturing facilities may be located in areas prone to tornadoes
hurricanes and floods. Any business disruption due to natural disasters or catastrophic events in these areas could adversely
impact our business and financial results if not adequately mitigated. We also rely on a certain supplier for the manufacturing
of one of our core branded products. Although we have secured back-up suppliers in the case of emergency
 any damage or disruption
to this supplier&rsquo;s manufacturing or distribution capabilities could impair our ability to sell this product. Also
 we increasingly
rely on information technology systems to conduct our business. These systems can enhance efficiency and business processes but
also present risks of unauthorized access to our networks or data centers. If unauthorized parties gain access to our systems
they could obtain and exploit confidential business
 customer
 or employee information and harm our competitive position. Further
these information systems may experience damage
 failures
 interruptions
 errors
 inefficiencies
 attacks or suffer from fires
or natural disasters
 any of which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results if not adequately mitigated
by our security measures and disaster recovery plans.

Improper
use or misuse of social media may have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Consumers
are moving away from traditional means of electronic mail towards new forms of electronic communication
 including social media.
We support new ways of sharing data and communicating with customers using methods such as social networking. However
 misuse
of social networking by individuals
 customers
 competitors
 or employees may result in unfavorable media attention which could
negatively affect our business. Further
 our competitors are increasingly using social media networks to market and advertise
products. If we are unable to compete in this environment it could adversely affect our financial results.


    
    


Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences and tastes or if we are unable to innovate or market
our products effectively.

We
are a consumer products company operating in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. To generate
revenues and profits
 we must sell products that appeal to our customers and consumers. Any significant changes in consumer preferences
or any inability on our part to anticipate or react to such changes could result in reduced demand for our products and erosion
of our competitive and financial position. Our success depends on the ability to respond to consumer trends
 including concerns
of consumers regarding health and wellness
 obesity
 product attributes and ingredients. In addition
 changes in product category
consumption or consumer demographics could result in reduced demand for our products. Consumer preferences may shift due to a
variety of factors
 including the aging of the general population
 changes in social trends
 changes in travel
 vacation or leisure
activity patterns
 or negative publicity resulting from regulatory action or litigation against companies in the snack food industry.
Any of these changes may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness to purchase our products and negatively impact our financial results.

Our
continued success also is dependent on product innovation
 including maintaining a robust pipeline of new products
 and the effectiveness
of advertising campaigns
 marketing programs and product packaging. Although we devote significant resources to meet this goal
there can be no assurance as to the continued ability to develop and launch successful new products or variants of existing products
or to effectively execute advertising campaigns and marketing programs. In addition
 both the launch and ongoing success of new
products and advertising campaigns are inherently uncertain
 especially as to their appeal to consumers. Further
 failure to successfully
launch new products could decrease demand for existing products by negatively affecting consumer perception of existing brands
as well as result in inventory write-offs
 trademark impairments and other costs
 all of which could negatively impact our financial
results.

Our
distribution network relies on relationships with our distributors
 and such reliance could affect our ability to efficiently
and profitably distribute and market products
 maintain existing markets and expand business into other geographic markets.

Our
business relies upon a significant number of distribution relationships for the sale and distribution of our products. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate the risks related to all or any of these factors in any of the current or prospective
geographic areas of distribution. To the extent that any of these factors have an adverse effect on the relationships with consultants
companies or retailers in a particular geographic area and
 thus
 limit our ability to maintain and expand the sales market
 revenues
and financial results may be adversely impacted.

There
also is no assurance that we will be able to maintain distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships
in new geographic distribution areas. There is the possibility that we will have to incur significant expenses to attract and
maintain relationships in one or more geographic distribution areas in order to profitably expand geographic markets. The occurrence
of any of these factors could result in a significant decrease in sales volume of our branded products and the products which
we distribute for others and harm our business and financial results.

Continued
success depends on the protection of our trademarks and other proprietary intellectual property rights.

We
will maintain trademarks and other intellectual property rights
 which are important to our success and competitive position
and the loss of or our inability to enforce trademark and other proprietary intellectual property rights could harm our business.
We will devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and other proprietary intellectual
property rights on a worldwide basis. Efforts to establish and protect trademarks and other proprietary intellectual property
rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation of products by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our
products. In addition
 the laws and enforcement mechanisms of some foreign countries may not allow for the protection of proprietary
rights to the same extent as in the United States and other countries.

New
regulations or legislation could adversely affect our business and financial results.

Food
and beverage production and marketing are highly regulated by a variety of federal
 state and other governmental agencies. New
or increased government regulation of the food and beverage industry
 including but not limited to areas related to product safety
chemical composition
 production processes
 traceability
 product quality
 packaging
 labeling
 school lunch guidelines
 promotions
marketing and advertising (particularly such communications that are directed toward children)
 product recalls
 records
 storage
and distribution could adversely impact our results of operations by increasing production costs or restricting our methods of
operation and distribution. These regulations may address food industry or society factors
 such as obesity
 nutritional and environmental
concerns and diet trends.


    
    


A
significant portion of our outstanding shares of common stock is controlled by a few individuals
 and their interests may conflict
with those of other stockholders.

The
founder of the Company
 Katherine T. West beneficially owns a majority of the outstanding common stock of the Company. Mrs. West
currently serves as the Chairman of the Board. As a result
 she may be able to exercise significant influence over the Company
and certain matters requiring approval of its stockholders
 including the approval of significant corporate transactions
 such
as a merger or other sale of the Company or its assets. This could limit the ability of other stockholders of the Company to influence
corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control of the Company. In addition
Mrs. West may have actual or potential interests that diverge from the interests of the other stockholders of the Company. Sales
by Mrs. West
 or other majority shareholders
 of their shares into the public market
 or the perception that such sales could
occur
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

We
may be unable to comply with our reporting and other requirements under federal securities laws.

As
a publicly traded company
 we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or
the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo; and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or the &ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&rdquo;. In addition
 the Exchange
Act requires that we file annual
 quarterly and current reports. Our failure to prepare and disclose this information in a timely
manner could subject us to penalties under federal securities laws
 expose us to lawsuits and restrict our ability to access financing.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we
 among other things
 establish and maintain effective internal controls and procedures
for financial reporting. From time to time we evaluate our existing internal controls in light of the standards adopted by the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. It is possible that we or our independent registered public accounting firm may identify
significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure or
difficulties in implementing and maintaining these controls could cause us to fail to meet the periodic reporting obligations
or result in material misstatements in our financial statements.

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. Our failure to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 on a timely basis could result in the loss of investor confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements
 which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business and our common
stock.

We
are
 and in the future may be
 subject to legal or administrative actions that could adversely affect our results of operations
and our business.

We
could incur substantial legal fees and other expenses in connection with legal or administrative matters
 which could adversely
affect our results of operations. These matters also may distract the time and attention of our officers and directors or divert
our other resources away from our ongoing commercial and development programs. An unfavorable outcome in any of these matters
could damage our business and reputation or result in additional claims or proceedings against us.

We
have virtually no financial resources. Our independent registered auditors&rsquo; report includes an explanatory paragraph stating
that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

We
have decided to change our business strategy and as a result of that process which has not been completed yet
 we have virtually
no financial resources. Our independent registered auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial
statements as of and for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015 that states that Company losses from operations raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. We will seek additional financing in the future. Financing sought may
be in the form of equity or debt financing from various sources as yet unidentified. Most
 if not all of our efforts have been
spent on our change of business strategy and developing our new healthy beverage business plan
 however
 we will seek necessary
additional financing to pursue our business and growth plans. No assurances can be given that the Company will generate sufficient
revenue or obtain the necessary financing to continue as a going concern.

Our
internal controls may be inadequate
 which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being
disseminated to the public.

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. As defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)
 internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors
 management and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and

    
    
    

    
    
provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.



    
    


Our
internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective
 which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation
being disseminated to the public. Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision.

The
interests of shareholders may be hurt because we can issue shares of our common stock to individuals or entities that support
existing management with such issuances serving to enhance existing management&rsquo;s ability to maintain control of our company.

Our
board of directors has authority
 without action or vote of the shareholders
 to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued
common shares. Such issuances may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management and the interests
of existing management which may not be the same as the interests of other shareholders. Our ability to issue shares without shareholder
approval serves to enhance existing management&rsquo;s ability to maintain control of our company.

Any
market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations and restrictions pertaining
to low priced stocks that will create a lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible.

The
trading of our securities is on the OTCBB as maintained by FINRA and the OTCQB as maintained by the OTC Markets. As a result
an investor may find it difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of our securities.

Rule
3a51-1 of the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; for purposes relevant to us
 as any equity
security that has a minimum bid price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject
to a limited number of exceptions which are not available to us. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be penny stocks
for the immediate foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects any market liquidity for our common stock.

For
any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person&rsquo;s
account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction
setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions
in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person
and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that that person has
sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.
The broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
 sets forth: the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability
determination
 and that the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions&rsquo;
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and
remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Additionally
 monthly statements have to be sent
disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

Because
of these regulations
 broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or
may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders
or other holders to sell their shares in any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in
any secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities.

Because
we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures
 our stockholders
have limited protection against interested director transactions
 conflicts of interest and similar matters.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC
 the New York and American Stock Exchanges
and the Nasdaq Stock Market
 as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley
 require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate
governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply
to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with
many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated
with such compliance any sooner than legally required
 we have not yet adopted these measures.


    
    


Because
none of our directors (currently two persons) are independent directors
 we do not currently have an independent audit or a compensation
committee. As a result
 directors have the ability
 among other things
 to determine their own level of compensation. Until we
comply with such corporate governance measures
 regardless of whether such compliance is required
 the absence of such standards
of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions
 conflicts of
interest
 if any
 and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations.

We
intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However
 we may
find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers
 directors and members of board committees required
to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors
and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or
deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles.

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM
2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES

The
Company gave up its leased office space in Florida in January 2014 and acquired a new office in California. The Florida leaseholder
obtained a judgment in the amount of $181
968 for the remainder of the monthly lease payments through June 2016 pursuant to the
terms of the lease agreement plus legal fees of $1
487. The Company has recorded the full amount of the judgment
 however
 it
believes that when the facility is re-leased it may not have to pay the full amount. Upon the leaseholder&rsquo;s execution of
a new lease with a new tenant
 the Company plans to file for the release of the amount of the judgment over and above the actual
loss incurred by the leaseholder. There is no guarantee the property will be re-leased or that such a filing will be successful
and that the Company will be able to mitigate its loss in this way.

In
January 2014
 the Company entered into the California lease at the rate of $1
439 per month but vacated this property in December
2014. There is no outstanding liability in respect of this lease.

In
January 2015
 the Company equipped itself to operate through cloud-based technologies. Our existing arrangement consists of mailing
address services on a no contract
 month-to-month basis and a la carte access to hosting facilities
 virtual pbx telephone
 conference
space
 cloud-based file sharing and file storage which is highly cost effective. Our current corporate address
 5042 Wilshire
Blvd
 # 34708
 Los Angles
 California
 90036 is a mailing address at an office center provided by a director at a cost of $150
per month and is adequate to meet our current requirements. The Company will seek suitable office space when needed.

The
Company has not invested in any real property at this time
 nor does the Company intend to do so. The Company has no formal policy
with respect to investments in real estate or investments with persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

In
June 2013
 a former officer of the Company filed a lawsuit against the Company and its President and directors alleging several
counts
 including a breach of contract and fiduciary duty
 and seeking damages in the amount of $122
300 and other unspecified
damages. On March 20
 2015 the court entered a final judgment in the amount of $200
761 comprised of the principal amount of $122
344
plus prejudgment interest from September 15
 2012 through the date of judgment in the amount of $54
421
 costs in the amount of
$773
 and attorney&rsquo;s fees of $23
222. A full provision for this liability has been recorded in our financial statements
during the year ended June 30
 2015. The court dismissed the case against any party not listed in the final order and the case
is now closed as to all parties (see 

On
July 24
 2014
 A&amp;M Acquisitions LLC
 obtained a judgment against the Company
 a director and former director for default of
the remainder of the Florida office lease through July 2016 in the amount of $181
968 including attorney&rsquo;s fees of $1
488
to the financial statements). A full provision for this liability was recorded
in our financial statements during the year ended June 30
 2014.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable to the Company.


    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES PUBLIC MARKET

Our
common stock trades on OTC Markets Pink Sheets (&ldquo;OTC Pink&rdquo;) under the symbol BEVS. Our common stock traded previously
under the symbol SNAX which was its symbol since the reverse merger with Time Associates
 Inc. on October 5
 2010. Our trading
symbol was changed to BEVS in connection with our name change from SnackHealthy
 Inc. to Amaize Beverage Corporation effective
as of August 13
 2015. As of June 30
 2016 there were 229 holders of our common stock and the closing price of our common stock
was $0.42 per share.

The
Company did not effect any stock splits in fiscal years ended June 30
 2015 and June 30
 2016. &nbsp;



    
SHARE
BID PRICE

    
High

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
High

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




The
Company does not expect to pay any dividends at this time. The payment of dividends
 if any
 will be contingent upon the Company&rsquo;s
revenues and earnings
 if any
 capital requirements
 and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within
the discretion of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors and may be subject to restrictions under the terms of any debt or other
financing arrangements that the Company may enter into in the future. The Company presently intends to retain all earnings
 if
any
 for use in the Company&rsquo;s business operations and accordingly
 the Board does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future.

RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

During
the quarter ended June 30
 2016 there were no unregistered sales of equity securities of the Company. Information regarding all
equity sales of unregistered securities during the other periods covered by this report have been previously included in the Company&rsquo;s
reports on Form 10-Q.

STOCK
REPURCHASES

The
Company did not make any stock repurchases.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

As
a &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
 we are not required to provide the information required by this item.


    
    


ITEM
7 - MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
document contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as
amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. All statements other than statements of historical
fact are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; for purposes of federal and state securities laws
 including any projections
of earnings
 revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans
 strategies and objectives of management for future
operations; any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions
or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements
may include the words &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect&rdquo; or &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo; and any other similar words. Although we believe that
the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable
 actual results could differ materially from
those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations
as well as any forward-looking statements
 are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties
 such as those disclosed
or incorporated by reference in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Important factors that could cause our
actual results
 performance and achievements
 or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained
in our forward- looking statements include
 among others
 the following:



    
&#9679;
    
product
    liability claims;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    relationship with
 and our ability to influence the actions of
 our distributors;

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    publicity associated with our industry
 products or ingredients;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
improper
    action by our employees in violation of applicable law;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
changing
    consumer preferences and demands;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
loss
    or departure of any member of our senior management team which could negatively impact our distributor and/or buyer relations
    and operating results;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
the
    competitive nature of our business;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
regulatory
    matters governing our products
 including potential governmental or regulatory actions concerning the safety or efficacy of
    our products or ingredients;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
risks
    associated with operating internationally and the effect of economic factors
 including foreign exchange
 inflation
 pricing
    and currency devaluation risks;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
our
    dependence on increased penetration of existing markets;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
contractual
    limitations on our ability to expand our business;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
our
    reliance on our information technology infrastructure and outside manufacturers;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
the
    sufficiency of trademarks and other intellectual property rights;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
product
    concentration;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
our
    reliance on our management team;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
uncertainties
    relating to the application of transfer pricing
 duties
 value added taxes
 and other tax regulations
 and changes thereto;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
changes
    in tax laws
 treaties or regulations
 or their interpretation;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
any
    collateral impact resulting from the ongoing worldwide financial &ldquo;crisis
&rdquo; including the availability of liquidity
    to us
 our customers and our suppliers or the willingness of our customers to purchase products in a recessionary economic
    environment; and;

    
    
    

    
    
whether
    we will purchase any of our shares in the open markets or otherwise.



    
    


Additional
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are set forth in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K
 including under the heading &ldquo;Risk Factors
&rdquo; &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes.

Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date hereof
 and forward- looking statements in documents attached
that are incorporated by reference speak only as of the date of those documents. We do not undertake any obligation to update
forward-looking statement or to report any events or circumstances after the date hereof
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events
 except as required by law.





during the first quarter of 2015 that we would transition out of our lower margin
 perishable snack food product lines and have
focused our resources solely on developing our new healthy beverages. Amaize Beverage Corporation will continue to focus on developing
its healthy beverage product line with a plan to sell to large retailers and club stores in the United States. The Company recently
completed development of a unique &ldquo;better for you&rdquo; beverage with purple corn as its primary ingredient. The launch
of these beverages is subject to the Company&rsquo;s ability to obtain the necessary funding.

Significant
Accounting Policies

For
 to the accompanying June 30
 2016 audited
financial statements.


    
    




&ldquo;Net
sales
&rdquo; 
 handling and shipping income
 represent what we collect and recognize as net
revenues in our financial statements.

Our
&ldquo;cost of sales
&rdquo; 
pay to our raw material suppliers and manufacturers of our products as well as costs related to product shipments to our warehouse
and distribution center
 duties and tariffs
 expenses relating to shipment of products to customers and importers and similar
expenses.

&ldquo;Selling
fees&rdquo; 
 overrides and production bonuses.

Our
consist of net sales
 less cost of sales and selling fees.

&ldquo;General
and administrative expenses&rdquo; 
 components of which include labor and benefits
 sales
and marketing events
 professional fees
 travel and entertainment
 marketing
 occupancy costs
 communication costs
 bank fees
depreciation and amortization and other miscellaneous operating expenses.

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

Our
results of operations for the periods below are not necessarily indicative of results of operations for future periods
 which
depend on numerous factors
 including our ability to distribute our products through major retailers
 open new markets
 penetrate
existing markets
 and our ability to secure
 develop and introduce new products.

For
the Year Ended June 30
 2016 Compared to the Year Ended June 30
 2015



The
Company revised its sales method from a network marketing model using individual brand partners as distributors
 to direct to
consumer and retail store sales at the end of its fiscal year June 30
 2013. During this transition period the Company recognized
no revenues in the years ended June 30
 2016 or 2015.

Cost
of Revenues

The
Company recognized no cost of sales in the years ended June 30
 2016 or 2015 as it recognized no sales during these periods.

Gross
Profit

The
Company recognized no gross profit in the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015 due to the factors described above.

Selling
Expenses

The
Company incurred no selling expenses in the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015.

General
and Administrative Expenses

General
and administrative expenses comprised the following for the year ended June 30
 2016 and 2015.



    
    

    

 2016

 2015

    
1
454
983
1
453
250

    
4
500
90
000

    
50
552
72
619

    
71
243
11
697

    
50
000
    

    
3
794
33
522

    
2
365
18
640

    
    
4
283

    
    
17
722

    
    
1
250

    
2
848
2
848

    
    
    

    
1
641
161
1
705
645



    
    


General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of professional advisor fees
 audit fees
 technology and product development. Our
general and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30
 2016 were $64
484 less than for the year ended June 30
 2015.
The decrease was primarily due to the reduction in directors&rsquo; fees
 professional fees
 travel and entertainment
 office
expenses and rent
 offset by increases in technology and product development.

Settlement
of Liabilities with Equity

During
the year ended June 30
 2015 the Company issued 3
178
650 shares of common stock valued at $1
589
325 in settlement of loans payable
to a related party of $127
146 resulting in a non-cash loss on settlement of liabilities of $1
462
179.

During
the year ended June 30
 2016 the Company issued 25
000 shares of common stock valued at $25
000 in settlement of loans payable
to a related party of $8
575 resulting in a non-cash loss on settlement of liabilities $16
125. During the year ended June 30
2016 the Company issued 476
461 restricted shares of common stock in payment of directors&rsquo; fees in the amount of $162
000.

Provision
for Income Taxes

We
incurred taxable losses; consequently
 no liability for taxation was incurred during the years ended June 30
 2016 or 2015.

Net
Loss

The
net loss for the year ended June 30
 2016 was $1
657
286 as compared to $3
368
585 for the year ended June 30
 2015.
The
variances between the periods primarily arose due to the non-cash loss on settlement of liabilities described above.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
Company had a cash balance of $0 at June 30
 2016 and a working capital deficit as follows:



    
    

    
(620
218

    
(620
218


The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company&rsquo;s ability to raise additional capital
and to successfully implement its business plan. Management believes that the actions presently being taken and the success of
future operations may be sufficient to enable the Company to continue as a going concern
 however
 there can be no assurance that
the raising of equity will be successful. Failure to achieve the needed equity funding could have a material adverse effect on
the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Cash
Flows

The
 for the years ended
June 30
 2016 and June 30
 2015.



    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
(29
002
(65
350

    
    
    

    
27
001
65
536

    
(2
001
    


During
the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s operating expenses in the amounts of $27
001 and $65
536were paid
on its behalf by a shareholder. Accordingly
 there was no movement in the Company&rsquo;s own bank account during the year ended
June 30
 2014 and only a nominal movement of $2
001 in the Company&rsquo;s merchant account used to pay expenses.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements

At
June 30
 2016 the Company had no material off balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

ITEM
7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

As
a Smaller Reporting Company
 as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10 (f) (1) of Regulation S-K
 we are electing
scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by this item.


    
    


ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

INDEX
TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Amaize
Beverage Corporation



    
F-1


    
    

Balance Sheets as of June 30
 2016 and 2015
F-3


    
    

Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
F-4
    

    
    

Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
F-5


    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
F-6


    
    

Notes to Audited Financial Statements for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
F-7
    



    
    




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM




 Inc.)

 California


balance sheets of Amaize Beverage Corp. (formerly Snackhealthy Inc) as of June 30
 2015 and the related consolidated statements
of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audit.


standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not
required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Amaize Beverage Corp.
(formerly SnackHealthy
 Inc.) of June 30
 2015
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year
then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a working capital deficit that raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



    
    

CUTLER &amp; CO.
 LLC
    

    
    

Wheat Ridge
 formerly Arvada
 Colorado
    

November 5
 2015
    



 Ave. Suite 200 Wheat
Ridge
 Colorado 80033 ~ Phone 303-968-3281 ~ Fax 303-456-7488 ~
www.cutlercpas.com


    
    
    

REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM




 California


accompanying balance sheet of Amaize Beverage Corporation as of June 30
 2016 and the related statements of operations
 changes
in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the
financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Amaize Beverage Corporation
as of June 30
 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial
statements
 the Company has suffered losses and has not yet established a reliable
 consistent and proven source of revenue to
meet its operating costs on an ongoing basis and currently does not have sufficient available funding to fully implement its business
plan. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty.



/s/ Pritchett
 Siler and Hardy
 P.C.
    

    
    

Pritchett
 Siler and Hardy
 P.C.
    

    
    

October 26
 2016
    



    
    


Amaize
Beverage Corporation
Balance
Sheets



    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
001

    
    
2
001

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
113
7
961

    
5
113
7
961

    
    
    

    
5
113
9
962

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
160
824
123
496

    
16
500
8
875

    
6
545
6
545

    
    
157
500

    
200
761
200
761

    
181
968
181
968

    
3
592
3
592

    
50
028
23
027

    
620
218
705
764

    
    
    

    
620
218
705
764

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 authorized No shares issued
    
    


000
000 authorized 15
558
030 and 11
261
030 issued and outstanding at June 30
 2016 and June 30
 2015 respectively
15
558
11
261

    
52
478
532
50
744
846

    
(53
109
195
(51
451
909

    
    
    

    
(615
105
(695
802

    
    
    

    
5
113
9
962


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements.


    
    


Amaize
Beverage Corporation
Statements
of Operations



    
    
    

    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
641
161
1
705
645

    
    
200
761

    
16
125
1
462
179

    
1
657
286
3
368
585

    
    
    

    
(1
657
286
(3
368
585

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
657
286
(3
368
585

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
928
984
7
632
134


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements


    
    


Amaize
Beverage Corporation
Statements
of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014
5
467
380
5
467
47
712
065
(48
083
324
(365
792

    
115
000
    
199
205
    
199
250

    
2
500
000
2
570
1
247
430
    
1
250
000

    
3
178
650
3
179
1
586
146
    
1
589
325

    
    
    
    
(3
368
585
(3
368
585


 2015
11
261
030
11
261
50
744
846
(51
451
909
(695
802

    
112
500
    
112
388
    
112
500

    
3
683
039
3
683
1
434
800
    
1
438
483

    
476
461
    
161
523
    
162
000

    
25
000
    
24
975
    
25
000

    
    
    
    
(1
657
286
(1
657
286


 2016
15
558
030
15
558
52
478
532
(53
109
195
(615
105


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements.


    
    


Amaize
Beverage Corporation
Statements
of Cash Flows



    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
(1
657
286
(3
368
585

    
    
    

    
2
848
2
848

    
    
1
250

    
8
875
    

    
16
125
1
462
179

    
112
500
199
250

    
162
000
    

    
1
438
483
1
250
000

    
    
    

    
    
1
777

    
    
6
545

    
    
200
761

    
37
328
79
750

    
(157
500
90
000

    
7
625
8
875

    
(29
002
(65
350

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
27
001
65
536

    
27
001
65
536

    
    
    

    
(2
001
    

    
    
    

    
2
001
1
815

    
    
    

    
    
2
001

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
112
500
199
250

    
1
438
483
1
250
000

    
162
000
    

    
8
875
127
146

    
16
125
1
462
179


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements.


    
    



Amaize
Beverage Corporation
NOTES
TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For
the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015

Note
1. The Company 

On
October 4
 2013
 Healthient
 Inc. (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) changed its name to SnackHealthy
 Inc. and dissolved its sole wholly-owned
subsidiary SnackHealthy
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation. As of June 26
 2015
 a majority of the shareholders of the Company representing
not less than 9
327
859 shares of common stock (82.83%) consented in writing to change the Company&rsquo;s name to Amaize Beverage
Corporation. Such approval and consent constitute the approval and consent of a majority of the total number of shares of outstanding
common stock and are sufficient under the Nevada General Corporation Law and the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws to approve the above action.
On August 13
 2015
 Amaize Beverage Corporation
 previously known as SnackHealthy
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation filed an amendment
to its articles of incorporation (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;) with the Secretary of State of the state of Nevada. The Amendment
provided for the change of the Company&rsquo;s name from SnackHealthy
 Inc.
 to Amaize Beverage Corporation. The name change and
the change of the Company&rsquo;s trading symbol were subsequently declared effective by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
as of August 19
 2015.

The
Company has developed a healthy beverage product line containing a unique strain of purple corn which is high in antioxidant value.
The beverages are all natural
 low calorie
 gluten free
 and non-GMO. The Company plans to distribute and sell the beverages through
large retailers and club stores in the United States.

Note.
2 Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation

The
financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America and are presented in US dollars. The Company&rsquo;s year-end is June 30.



The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less as cash equivalents.

Financial
Instruments

The
carrying value of the Company&rsquo;s financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts
payable
 and amounts due to related parties
 as reported in the accompanying balance sheets
 approximates fair value due to the
short term nature of these financial instruments.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated on the straight-line method over the estimated life of the asset
 which is three
to seven years.

Website
Development Costs

The
Costs
incurred in the planning state of websites are expensed
 while costs incurred in the development stage are capitalized and amortized
over the estimated three-year life of the asset. All website development costs have been fully amortized at June 30
 2016.

Other
Assets

Our
drink license was amortized over three years and is fully amortized at June 30
 2016.


    
    



Long-Lived
Assets

In
accordance with ASC 350
 the Company regularly reviews the carrying value of intangible and other long-lived assets for the existence
of facts or circumstances
 both internally and externally
 that may suggest impairment. If impairment testing indicates a lack
of recoverability
 an impairment loss is recognized by the Company if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair
value.

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&ldquo;ASC 740-10-25&rdquo;) Income Taxes. Under ASC
740-10-25
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of
a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

Revenue
Recognition

Revenue
is recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 products are shipped
which is when title and risk of loss pass to the customer and collectability of the amount is reasonably assured. Specifically
revenue is recognized when products are shipped
 which is when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. The Company classifies
selling discounts and rebates
 if any
 as a reduction of revenue.

Advertising
Costs

The
Company&rsquo;s policy regarding advertising is to expense advertising when incurred. The Company incurred no advertising expenses
during the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015.

Stock-Based
Compensation

In
December 2004
 the FASB issued FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718
.
Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based
compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period
during which employees are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options
 restricted
share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. As such
 compensation cost
is measured on the date of grant at their fair value. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting
periods of the option grant. The Company applies this statement prospectively.

Equity
instruments (&ldquo;instruments&rdquo;) issued to other than employees are recorded on the basis of the fair value of the instruments
as required by FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718. FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 505

Payments to Non-Employees 
 the measurement
date is when either a (a) performance commitment
 as defined
 is reached or (b) the earlier of (i) the non-employee performance
is complete or (ii) the instruments are vested. The measured value related to the instruments is recognized over a period based
on the facts and circumstances of each particular grant as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.

Basic
and Diluted Net Loss per Common Share

Net
loss per common share is computed pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 260
. Basic
net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed in the same way as for basic net loss.



Certain
amounts previously presented for prior year have been reclassified. The reclassifications had no effect on net loss
 total assets
or stockholders&rsquo; deficit.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company has reviewed all recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption
of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.


    
    



Note
3. Going Concern

The
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which assumes the Company will
be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company
incurred a net loss of $1
657
286 for the year ended June 30
 2016 and accumulated losses of $553
109
195 since inception to June
30
 2016. Cash used in operations for the year ended June 30
 2016 approximated $29
000 and as of June 30
 2016
 we had a working
capital deficit of $620
218. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the
Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company&rsquo;s ability to raise additional capital and implement its
business plan.

Management
believes that the actions presently being taken and the success of future operations will be sufficient to enable the Company
to continue as a going concern
 however
 there can be no assurance that the raising of equity will be successful or that the Company
will be able to achieve profitability. Failure to achieve the needed equity funding or establish profitable operations would have
a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Note
4. Property and Equipment

The
Company started the construction of several websites all of which have been completed and are being amortized over three years.
Computers and furniture are being depreciated over three to seven years.

Property
and equipment were as follows:



    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
22
165
22
165

    
    
14
204

    
5
113
7
961


Note
5. Commitments and Contingencies

Lease
Commitments

The
Company gave up its leased office space in Jupiter
 Florida in January 2014
 and acquired a new office in Newport Beach
 California.
The Florida leaseholder obtained a judgment in the amount of $181
968 for the remainder of the monthly lease payments through
June 2016 pursuant to the terms of the lease agreement plus legal fees of $1
487. The Company has recorded the full amount of
the judgment
 however believes that when the facility is re-leased it may not have to pay the full amount. Upon the leaseholder&rsquo;s
execution of a new lease with a new tenant
 the Company plans to file for the release of the amount of the judgment over and above
the actual loss incurred by the leaseholder. There is no guarantee the property will be re-leased or that such a filing will be
successful and that the Company will be able to mitigate its loss in this way.

In
January 2014
 the Company entered into a lease at the rate of $1
439 per month which ended December 2014. In January 2015
 the
Company was equipped to operate in a virtual environment. We believe that our existing arrangement which provides for virtual
pbx telephone
 &agrave; la carte conference space
 address services
 mail forwarding and hosting facilities to be highly cost
effective and adequate to meet our current needs. The Company plans to seek suitable additional space when needed.

The
Company has not invested in any real property at this time
 nor does the Company intend to do so. The Company has no formal policy
with respect to investments in real estate or investments with persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.



In
June of 2013
 a former officer of the Company filed a lawsuit against the Company and its President and directors alleging several
counts
 including a breach of contract and fiduciary duty
 and seeking damages in the amount of $122
300 and other unspecified
damages. On March 20
 2015 the court entered a final judgment in the amount of $200
761 comprised of the principal amount of $122
344
plus prejudgment interest from September 15
 2012 through the date of judgment in the amount of $54
421
 costs in the amount of
$773
 and attorney&rsquo;s fees of $23
222. The court dismissed the case against any party not listed in the final order and the
case is now closed as to all parties. As of March 31
 2015 the Company had accrued in full for this liability of $200
761 in its
financial statements.


    
    



Note
6. Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit

The
Company has authorized 200
000
000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 and 25
000
000 shares of preferred stock
with a par value of $0.001.

During
the year ended June 30
 2015
 the Company issued 115
000 shares of common stock for services valued at $199
250 and 2
500
000
shares of common stock for services to a related party valued at $1
250
000. Shareholder loans from a related party in the amount
of $127
146 were settled by the issuance of 3
178
650 shares of common stock resulting in a non-cash loss on settlement of liabilities
of $1
462
179.

During
the year ended June 30
 2016 the Company issued 3
683
039 shares of common stock valued at $1
438
483 for services rendered by
related parties
 112
500 shares of common for services valued at $112
500
 476
461 shares of common stock in payment of Directors&rsquo;
fees valued at $162
000 and 25
000 shares of common stock in payment of an account payable to a related party valued at $25
000
resulting in a non-cash loss on settlement of liabilities of $16
125.

Non-Employee
Stock Options and Warrants

The
Company accounts for non-employee stock options and warrants under ASC 718
 whereby option and warrant costs are recorded based
on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably
measurable. Unless otherwise provided for
 the Company covers option and warrant exercises by issuing new shares.

There
were no warrants or stock options issued or outstanding during the years ended June 30
 2016 or 2015. All warrants issued in prior
periods expired without being exercised.

Note
8. Loans from Directors and Shareholders

During
the year ended June 30
 2015
 the Company issued 3
178
650 shares of common stock valued at $1
589
325 to a related party in settlement
of shareholder loans of $127
146 resulting in a non-cash loss of $1
462
179 on settlement of liabilities with equity.

During
the year ended June 30
 2016 a related party advanced the Company loans in the amount of $20
506. As of June 30
 2016 the balance
of loans outstanding was $50
028. The loans are non-interest bearing and due on demand.

Share
valuations are determined by the closing quoted share price of the stock on the date the issuance is authorized by the Board of
Directors.

Note
9. Income Taxes

The
components of the deferred tax asset are as follows:



    
    
    

    
10
195
000
9
860
000

    
(10
195
000
(9
860
000

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
Company had available approximately $50
975
000 at June 30
 2016 and $49
300
000 at June 30
 2015 of unused federal and
Florida net operating loss carry-forwards that may be applied against future taxable income. These net operating loss carry-forwards
expire through 2033. There is no assurance that the Company will realize the benefit of the net operating loss carry-forwards.
ASC No. 740 requires a valuation allowance to be recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized.

Reconciliation
of the differences between the statutory tax rate and the effective income tax rate is as follows at June 30
 2016 and June 30
2015 respectively:



    
    


 net of federal tax benefit
    

    
    


Note
10. Subsequent Events

On
July 21
 2016 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 150
000 shares of common stock valued at $37
500
for services rendered by Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer.

The
Company has evaluated subsequent events from June 30
 2016 through the date the financial statements were available to be issued
and has determined that
 other than as disclosed above
 there have been no subsequent events after June 30
 2016 for which disclosure
is required.



    
    


ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE


ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

A
system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-l5(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934
as amended [the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;]) are controls and other procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance
that the information that the Company is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There are inherent limitations to the
effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures
 including the possibility of human error and the circumvention
or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly
 even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide
reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives
 and management necessarily is required to use its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition
 the design of any system of controls is based
in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Moreover
 over time
 controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations
in a control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. The Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures for the Company
and have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report
 based on their evaluation of these controls and procedures
required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)
 due to certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting as discussed below.

Internal
Control over Financial Reporting

The
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting
for the Company. Due to limited resources
 Management conducted an evaluation of internal controls based on criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).
The results of this evaluation determined that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of June 30
 2016
due to material weaknesses. A material weakness in internal control over financial reporting is defined as a deficiency
 or a
combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
that is less severe than a material weakness
 yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of our
financial reporting.

Management&rsquo;s
assessment identified the following material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting:



    
    
The
    small size of our Company limits our ability to achieve the desired level of separation of internal controls and financial
    reporting. We currently do not have independent directors on our Board of Directors to review and oversee the financial policies
    and procedures of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    do not have a functional audit committee since our Board of Directors acts as the audit committee.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    have not achieved the desired level of documentation of our internal controls and procedures. When the Company obtains sufficient
    funding
 this documentation will be strengthened through utilizing a third party consulting firm to assist management with
    its internal control documentation and further help to limit the possibility of any lapse in controls occurring.



    
    


As
a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above
 the Company&rsquo;s management
has concluded that
 as of June 30
 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based
on the criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. To date
 the Company has not been able to establish
an Audit Committee with an independent director due its limited financial resources. When the Company obtains sufficient funding
Management intends to add establish its Audit Committee and charge them with assisting the Company in addressing the material
weaknesses noted above. The Company&rsquo;s lack of current financial resources makes it impossible for the Company to hire the
appropriate personnel needed to overcome these weaknesses and ensure that appropriate controls and separation of responsibilities
of a larger organization exist. We also will continue to follow the standards for the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) for internal control over financial reporting to include procedures that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records in reasonable detail accurately that fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
    Company&rsquo;s assets;

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
    of management and the Board of Directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management determined that there were no changes made in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal year
2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public
accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s
report in this annual report.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION



PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The
present directors and executive officers of the Company
 their ages
 positions held in the Company and duration of service are
as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Richard
    Damion
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Director
    
    

Richard
    Damion
    
    
    
President
    and Director
    
01/28/2014
    &ndash; 02/15/2015

Katherine
    West
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Director
    
10/05/2010
    &ndash; 01/28/2014

Katherine
    West
    
    
    
Chairman
    of the Board and Director
    
    

William
    Lindberg
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
    

A.R.
    Grandsaert
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
term of office of each director and executive officer ends at
 or immediately after
 the next annual meeting of shareholders of
the Company unless otherwise indicated. Except as otherwise indicated
 no organization by which any director of officer has been
previously employed is an affiliate
 parent
 or subsidiary of the Company.


    
    



Executive
Officers and Directors - Business Experience

The
following is a brief account of the business experience during at least the past five years of each director and executive officer
including the principal occupation and employment during that period
 and the name and principal business of the organization
in which such occupation and employment were carried out.

Richard
Damion &ndash; Director
 Chief Executive Officer of Amaize Beverage Corporation and Former President of the Company

Mr.
Damion has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company since February
 2015 and in the role of President from January 2014
through February 2015. He is a seasoned business executive with over 30 years of public company experience in the food and beverage
industry. He has founded several successful companies and has been involved in all aspects of the industry
 including new product
and label development
 manufacturing
 distribution
 and marketing. Mr. Damion has more than 35 years of experience in manufacturing
sales and distribution of food and beverage products. From November of 2009 to November of 2013
 he was a director of Newport
Digital Technologies in Newport Beach
 California; from 2008 to July 2009
 he acted as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of said company. From 1995 until 2008
 he served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of International Food Products Group
Inc. in Newport Beach
 California. As the founder and Chief Executive Officer of International Food &amp; Beverage
 Mr. Damion
is recognized for being one of first to bring frozen pizza to the mass market. The &ldquo;Mamma Mia&rdquo; brand of frozen pizza
became one of the largest institutional pizza makers in the country and was later sold to Sysco
 an American multinational corporation.
He founded Margaritas-To-Go
 a company that created the first RTD (ready-to-drink) margarita
 the brainchild of Mr. Damion. Margaritas-to-Go
became one of the fastest growing brands by partnering with leading Tequila brands Sauza and Jose Cuervo. His previous experience
also includes serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Snax
 Inc.
 the creator of the well-known &ldquo;Kettle Classics&rdquo;
brand of potato chips
 &ldquo;Pacific Lites&rdquo; and several other innovative snack food brands.

Katherine
West &ndash; Director
 Chairman of the Board of Amaize Beverage Corporation Former President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company

Ms.
West served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company from October 5
 2010 through January 28
 2014 at which time she was responsible
for the oversight of the management team and entire day-to-day operations of Healthient
 Inc. and its subsidiary
 SnackHealthy
Inc. Beginning in January of 2014
 Ms. West began serving in the capacity as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of SnackHealthy
Inc.
 now Amaize Beverage Corporation. She has extensive knowledge in direct sales
 executive management and public company experience
having served for Travelstar on the Board of Directors and having held the titles of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer.

From
1998 to 2002
 Ms. West served as the Chief Operating Officer of WMA &amp; Associates the company that provided early stage financing
and led the public offerings of Baby Genius and FreeRealTime.com. From 2002 to 2008
 at Travelstar
 Inc.
 Ms. West was a founder
of the company and held various roles including Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer and also served on the Board
of Directors. The company went public in 2004. As Executive Vice President she managed the day-to-day operations including 36
employees and over 500 travel agents. Under her leadership the company grew from a start-up to $80
000
000 in annual sales in
just 4 years. Ms. West lives in Jupiter
 Florida with her husband and their four children. Outside of her work at Amaize Beverage
Corporation
 Kathy enjoys taking care of her family
 running and playing tennis.

William
Lindberg - Chief Financial Officer

Mr.
Lindberg is responsible for the Company&rsquo;s finance functions
 including tax
 financial planning
 treasury
 accounting
 procurement
and internal audit
 and investor relations audit. His prior experience includes serving in executive financial positions at both
public and private companies. Early in his career
 Mr. Lindberg was a Certified Public Accountant at Arthur Andersen &amp; Co.
for approximately 20 years assigned to its offices in Montevideo
 Buenos Aires
 and Santiago.

A.R.
Grandsaert &ndash; President

A.R.
&ldquo;Bud&rdquo; Grandsaert was appointed President of Amaize Beverage Corporation in February
 2015 and brings to the Company
over thirty years of executive sales and distribution management experience in the packaged goods industry. He has an extensive
track record in the development of brands and in building beverage brand sales and distribution systems from the ground up. Early
in his career
 Bud was on the development team of Proctor &amp; Gamble for the introduction of Pringles
 the most successful extruded
potato chip in history. Progressing through a number of managerial positions he became the National Sales Manager for Gallo Wine
Company responsible for directing a national sales force and distribution team introducing over 40 new wine brands and types.
He was later recruited by the John Morrell Meat Company to serve as the Vice President of Sales
 and later teamed with Richard
Damion at Pacific Snax in the development and launch of several innovative snack brands with national distribution.


    
    



LIMITATION
ON DIRECTORS&rsquo; LIABILITIES

Our
certificate of incorporation limits
 to the maximum extent permitted under Nevada law
 the personal liability of directors and
officers for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors and officers
 except in circumstances involving
wrongful acts
 such as a breach of the director&rsquo;s duty of loyalty or acts of omission which involve intentional misconduct
or a knowing violation of law.

Nevada
Law permits us to indemnify officers
 directors or employees against expenses
 including attorney&rsquo;s fees
 judgments
 fines
and amounts paid in settlement in connection with legal proceedings if the officer
 director or employee acted in good faith and
in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interest
 and
 with respect to any criminal act or proceeding
he had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Indemnification is not permitted as to any matter as to which
the person is adjudged to be liable unless
 and only to the extent that
 the court in which such action or suit was brought upon
application that
 despite the adjudication of liability
 but in view of all the circumstances of the case
 the person is fairly
and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. Individuals who successfully defend this type
of action are entitled to indemnification against expenses reasonably incurred in connection therewith.

Our
by-laws require us to indemnify directors and officers against
 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 liabilities which they
may incur under the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph.

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

As
of the date of this report
 we are not subject to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 which requires our executive
officers and directors
 and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our equity securities
 to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Board
Leadership Structure and Role on Risk Oversight

Ms.
West and Mr. Damion currently serve as our principal executive officers and directors of the Company. We have determined this
leadership structure was duly appropriate for us because of our small size
 limited operations and resources. The Board will continue
to evaluate our leadership structure and modify as deemed appropriate based on size
 resources and operations of the Company.
It is anticipated that our Board will establish procedures and guidelines to determine an appropriate role for members of the
Board in risk oversight function of the Company.

CODE
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

Our
code of business conduct and ethics
 as approved by our board of directors
 can be obtained from the Company by writing a request
to our corporate office.

We
intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 10 of Form 8-K relating to amendments to or waivers from provisions of
the code that relate to one or more of the items set forth in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-B
 by describing on our Internet Website
within five business days following the date of a waiver or a substantive amendment
 the date of the waiver or amendment
 the
nature of the amendment or waiver
 and the name of the person to whom the waiver was granted.

Information
on our Internet website is not
 and shall not be deemed to be
 a part of this report or incorporated into any other filings we
make with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The
following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation for services rendered during the fiscal
years ended June 30
 2016 and June 30
 2015 to our Company in all capacities as an employee by our Chief Executive Officer and
our other executive officers whose aggregate cash compensation exceeded $100
000 (collectively
 the &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;)
at any time during such years.


    
    



Summary
Compensation Table for 2016 and 2015 Fiscal Years



    
    
    
                    
    
                    
    
                                              
    
                                  
    
                    
    
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
250
000
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
3
270
539
    
    

167
983

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    

    
    
8
875
    
    
    
    

875

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
12
500
    
    

500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
(1)
    
Mr.
    Damion was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2014 and resigned his position as President in February
    2015.

    
    
    

    
(2)
    
Ms.
    West resigned the position of President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2014 and became Chairman of the Board.

    
    
    

    
(3)
    
In
    the fiscal year ended June 30
 2015
 Mr. Damion was issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock of the Company at the price per
    share of $0.50 per share.

    
    
    

    
(4)
    
Mr.
    Grandsaert was appointed as President of the Company in February
 2015.


OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS

The
table below shows all outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers at the end of the fiscal year ended June
30
 2016.

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT
2015
FISCAL YEAR END



    
    



    
Number
of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable
Number
of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable
Grant
Date
Option
Exercise Price
Option
Expiration Date

    
    
(#)

    
($)

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


COMPENSATION
OF DIRECTORS

The
table below summarizes the compensation earned by directors for services during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2016. Please also
see Item 13 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended June 30
 2016



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
45
000
45
000

    
    
    
45
000
45
000




(1)
    
The
    Company issued 132
353 shares of common stock to Mr. Damion for his services as a director valued at $45
000 pursuant to the
    Company&rsquo;s 2010 Equity Compensation Plan
 as amended.

    
    

(2)
    
The
    Company issued 132
383 shares of common stock to Ms. West for her services as a director valued at $45
000 pursuant to the
    Company&rsquo;s 2010 Equity Compensation Plan
 as amended.



    
    



The
Company reimburses each Director for reasonable expenses such as travel and out-of-pocket expenses in attending meetings of the
Board of Directors.

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENTS
 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS

There
are no employment agreements with the Company&rsquo;s key employees at this time. As of June 30
 2016 the employment agreements
for Mr. Damion
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Katherine West
 the Company&rsquo;s Executive Vice President had
not been finalized.

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION

In
fiscal year 2011
 the Company adopted its 2010 Equity Compensation Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) which was registered on the registration
statement on Form S-8. The Company registered 8
500
000 shares of its common stock. The Plan was amended in January 2012
 and
the Company registered an additional 12
000
000 shares of its common stock. Pursuant to the Plan
 the Company issued a total of
6
762
143 shares of its common stock to employees
 as that term is defined under the Plan. As of October 26
 2012
 the Plan was
amended
 and the Company registered an additional 2
000
000 shares of its common stock. As of June 30
 2013
 there were no shares
of common stock remaining for issuance under the Plan. The Plan was amended in November 2013
 in which the Company registered
an additional 1
000
000 shares of its common stock. As of June 30
 2014
 there were 708
459 shares of common stock remaining for
issuance under the Plan. This amount does not include an additional amount of 1
000
000 shares which was approved by the Company
in September
 2013
 and which amount has not been registered on Form S-8 at this time. As of June 30
 2016
 there were no shares
remaining to be issued under the plan.

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to beneficial ownership of our common stock by: (i) each person known
by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each of our current directors; (iii) each of our executive
officers set forth in the Summary Compensation Table; and all current directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise
indicated
 the address for each person is 5042 Wilshire Blvd.
 34708
 Los Angeles
 California 90036. Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Except as otherwise
indicated in the footnotes to the table
 and subject to community property laws
 where applicable
 the persons and entities identified
in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned. The number of shares of
common stock outstanding used in calculating the percentage for each listed person includes shares of common stock underlying
options or warrants held by such person that are exercisable within 60 calendar days of June 30
 2016 but excludes shares of common
stock underlying options or warrants held by any other person. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 15
558
030 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2016.



    
    
 Common Stock
 (1)
    
 Ownership

Director
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
9
463
553
    

    
    
    

Director
 CEO
 and Former President
2
500
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
500
    

    
12
026
053
    



    
    





    
(1)
    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. In computing the
    number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person
 shares of common stock subject
    to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after June 30
 2016
    are deemed outstanding
 but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person.

    
    
    

    
(2)
    
Ms.
    West holds 2
515
822 of her shares of common stock in Northeast Capital Group
 LLC. and 6
892
075 of her shares of common
    stock in Panacea Holdings
 Inc.
 the companies she owns and controls. The total amount of Ms. West&rsquo;s holdings also includes
    910 shares of common stock held by her husband.

    
    
    

    
(3)
    
Mr.
    Damion holds 2
500
000 of his shares of common stock in RRD
 LLC. a company he owns and controls.


Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information

The
following table furnishes information with respect to the Company's equity compensation plan as of June 30
 2016:



    
Number
                                         of securities to be
issued
                                         upon exercise of
outstanding
                                         options

warrants
                                         and rights
    
exercise
                                         price of
outstanding
                                         options

warrants
                                         and rights
Number
                                         of securities
remaining
                                         available for
future
                                         issuance under
equity
                                         compensation
                                                                                

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
(1)
    
The
    Company's Board of Directors and its shareholders adopted and approved the 2010 Equity Compensation Plan in the amount of
    8
500
000 shares of common stock in October
 2010 (the &quot;Plan&quot;). The Plan was amended and the authorized amount of
    the shares issuable under the Plan was subsequently increased for an additional issuance of 12
000
000 in January
 2012
 an
    additional 2
000
000 shares in October
 2012 and an additional 2
000
000 shares in September
 2013. Our shareholders approved
    all the amendments to the Plan to authorize the additional shares in September
 2013.


Additional
information regarding equity compensation can be found in the notes to the financial statements.

Non-Cumulative
Voting

The
holders of our shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of such
outstanding shares
 voting for the election of Directors
 can elect all of the Directors to be elected
 if they so choose. In
such event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our Directors.

Transfer
Agent

The
transfer agent for the Company&rsquo;s common stock is Interwest Transfer Company
 Inc.
 1981 Murray Holladay Road
 Suite 100
Salt Lake City
 Utah 84117. Their telephone number is (801) 272-9294 and their website is www.interwesttc.com.

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

During
the year ended June 30
 2016 the Company issued 25
000 shares of common stock valued at $25
000 in settlement of loans in the
amount of $8
575 payable to a related party.

During
the year ended June 30
 2015 the Company issued 3
178
650 shares of common stock valued at $1
589
325 in settlement of loans in
the amount of $127
146 payable to a related party.

The
Company had shareholder loans of $50
028 at June 30
 2016 which are non-interest bearing and due on demand.

Other
than disclosed in the Financial Statements
 there were no transactions for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2016
 nor are there
any current proposed transactions
 or series of the same
 to which the Company is a party
 in which the amount exceeds $120
000
and in which
 to the knowledge of the Company
 any director
 executive officers
 nominee
 five percent shareholders of any member
of the immediate family of the foregoing person
 have or will have a direct or indirect material interest.


    
    



ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The
following tables present fees for professional audit services rendered for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015:

Pritchett
Siler &amp; Hardy PC
1438
North Highway 89
Suite
130
Farmington
UT 84025



    
    

    
5
500

    
4
500

    
    

    
    

    
10
000




    
    
        
        
Audit
    Fees: Fees for professional services performed by Pritchett
 Siler &amp; Hardy PC for the audit of our annual financial statements
    and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagement
 such as the filing
    of Form S-8 for the year ended June 30
 2016.

    
    
    

    
(2)
    
Audit-Related
    Fees: Fees for the review of Form 10-Q for the first
 second
 and third quarters of the year ended June 30
 2016.

    
    
    

    
(3)
    
Tax
    Fees: Pritchett
 Siler &amp; Hardy PC did not provide any professional services with respect to tax compliance
 such as preparation
    and filing of original and amended returns for us and our consolidated subsidiaries
 refund claims
 payment planning
 tax
    audit assistance and tax work stemming from &ldquo;Audit-Related&rdquo; items.

    
    
    

    
(4)
    
All
Other Fees: Cutler &amp; Co.
 LLC did not provide other permissible work for us that did not meet the above category descriptions.


Culter
&amp; Co.
 LLC.
9605
West 49th Avenue
Suite
200
Wheat
Ridge
 Colorado 80033



    
    

    
5
000

    
4
500

    
    

    
    

    
9
500




    
(1)
    
Audit
    Fees: Fees for professional services performed by Cutler &amp; Co.
 LLC. for the audit of our annual financial statements
    and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagement
 such as the filing
    of Form S-8 for the year ended June 30
 2015.

    
    
    

    
(2)
    
Audit-Related
    Fees: Fees for the review of Form 10-Q for the first
 second
 and third quarters of the year ended June 30
 2015.

    
    
    

    
(3)
    
Tax
    Fees: Cutler &amp; Co.
 LLC. did not provide any professional services with respect to tax compliance
 such as preparation
    and filing of original and amended returns for us and our consolidated subsidiaries
 refund claims
 payment planning
 tax
    audit assistance and tax work stemming from &ldquo;Audit-Related&rdquo; items.

    
    
    

    
(4)
    
All
    Other Fees: Cutler &amp; Co.
 LLC did not provide other permissible work for us that did not meet the above category descriptions.



    
    


PRE-APPROVAL
POLICY

Our
Board of Directors is responsible for approving all Audit
 Audit-Related
 Tax and Other Non-Audit Services. The Board of Directors
approves all auditing services and permitted non-audit services
 including all fees and terms to be performed for us by our independent
auditor at the beginning of the fiscal year. Any additional non-audit services contemplated by the Company after the beginning
of the fiscal year are submitted to the Audit Committee chairman for pre-approval prior to engaging the independent auditor for
such services. Such interim pre-approvals are reviewed with the full Audit Committee at its next meeting for ratification.

PART
IV

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
Exhibit
    No.
    
Description
    of Document

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Agreement
    and Plan of Merger of Time Lending
 California
 Inc.*

    
    
    
Articles
    of Incorporation of Time Lending
 California
 Inc.*

    
    
    
Articles
    of Incorporation of Tenth Street
 Inc.*

    
    
    
Articles
    of Incorporation of Time Marketing Associates
 Inc.*

    
    
    
Articles
    of Incorporation of Time Management
 Inc.*

    
    
    
Articles
    and Certificate of Merger of Registrant*

    
    
    
Bylaws
    of Registrant*

    
    
    
Amendment
    to the Articles of Incorporation dated August 2
 2005*

    
    
    
Certificate
    of Designation.*

    
    
    
Amendment
    to the Articles of Incorporation dated August
 2011.*

    
    
    
Amendment
    to the Articles of Incorporation dated September
 2012.*

    
    
    
Amendment
    to the Articles of Incorporation dated October
 2013*

    
    
    
Amendment
    to the Articles of Incorporation dated August
 2015*

    
    
    
Lease
    Agreement*

    
    
    
Guaranty
    of Michael Pope*

    
    
    
Guaranty
    of Thomas Van Wagoner*

    
    
    
Demand
    Promissory Note (Michael Pope)*

    
    
    
Demand
    Promissory Note (Philip La Puma)*

    
    
    
Asset
    Sale and Purchase Agreement*

    
    
    
Share
    Exchange Agreement between Time Financial Services
 Inc. and Interruption Television
 Inc.*

    
    
    
Voting
    Agreement (Tenth Street
 Inc.)*

    
    
    
Voting
    Agreement (Time Management
 Inc.)*

    
    
    
Voting
    Agreement (Time Marketing Associates
 Inc.)* 

    
    
    
Broker
    Agreement* 

    
    
    
Letter
    of Intent with Nationwide Security Mortgage* 

    
    
    
Subsidiaries
    of Registrant

    
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act

    
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act

    
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Ss. 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


*
Previously filed with the Commission



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
    


    
    
    


Date:
    October 27
 2016
    
/s/
    Richard Damion 


    
    
Richard
    Damion


    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer


    
    
    


    
    
/s/
    William Lindberg


    
    
William
    Lindberg 


    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer



Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Richard Damion
    
CHIEF
    EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
    
October
    27
 2016

Richard
    Damion
    
(PRINCIPAL
    EXECUTIVE OFFICER)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    William Lindberg
    
CHIEF
    FINANCIAL OFFICER
    
October
    27
 2016

William
    Lindberg
    
(PRINCIPAL
    FINANCIAL OFFICER)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Katherine West
    
    
    
October
    27
 2016

Katherine
    West
    
    
    
    




    
    














     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT

I
Richard Damian
 certify that:



1.
    
I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Amaize Beverage Corporation;

    
    

2.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

3.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

4.
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for registrant and have:






    
(a)
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
(b)
    
Designated
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designated
    under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
    of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
(c)
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
(d)
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and





5.
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
(a)
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to affect ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
(b)
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.


Date:
October 27
 2016



/s/
    Richard Damian
    

Richard
    Damian
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    



    
    

















     




Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT

I
William Lindberg
 certify that:



1.
    
I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Amaize Beverage Corporation;

    
    

2.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

3.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

4.
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for registrant and have:




    
(a)
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
(b)
    
Designated
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designated
    under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
    of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
(c)
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
(d)
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and




5.
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
(a)
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to affect ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
(b)
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    October 27
 2016
    

    
    

/s/
    William Lindberg
    

William
    Lindberg
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    



    
    















     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Report of Amaize Beverage Corporation (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the for the year ended June
30
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 we
 Richard Damian
President and William Lindberg
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    Richard Damian 
    
/s/
    William Lindberg

Richard
    Damian
    
William
    Lindberg

Chief
    Executive Officer
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
    

October
    27
 2016
    
October
    27
 2016



    
    











begin 644 image_001.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P



5YU'^T+\



AWCK73#*\/S*+NSRZG$;]I[.*

E89$FISQX)Q_RWC!KQUOUOIU_P;
M:LUAM.UO(CC)(''4BG@\-A/:3C4BW9Z=CIQF;2I0B^Z.X\7_ +=_Q+*7TD8T






R6-&
M Y''IVJSX3@6V\7Z

M'-\OS2KA:+7+&VZ\D?O[^SY_P67^W[3'Q,T;PAX=U37H?$&O2-#9VM[I3Q

J=Y

M/[@5X.)\

)#B%9/3J2Y7#FOUW\SV*/B'CED/]IU8IR4^7LMC]F?#/[=GPA\


M6NF7*Z7I$I0@$;;:12X!' $F#7#?#_\ X.%_VZ_V%?VH- ^&7[0/AW2[ZYNK
MZVM+BT\1Z




MJT26YD^S;F#D





'C/-;Z_ KQ9J7EQVV@_$/*Q$H7M_D1N#









MXDTIQX:\/W
4-Y#/(]KX@M9!&BRJ23AO0&OE
64:#Y8XT]U!&?UK3\)LUKXJ
2=U

9



M87+O[9H2I5I-WT7+;]3Z=_X+@_MO7O[ '_!-/XB^/M);R_$3VZ:-HK@X:[N
MV\E)1ZF,,TG_  OQ8_X-%?V)]+_ &IOVQO&_P 8?&-HFO'X8P02Z;]JS*DV
MK7;2$W$A;.YT1'8$_P 3@]J^[O\ @\GGDC_X)?\ A:

OD(MN) +F%




M.

\&^/=4T:V2^O(K#5YK?[)S;59O-<#!;CK7:_';
M_@OG^W'^RKJF@77Q4_9)T'P-X6UK6+72?[4ENI[B&)Y9%7 ECD9 Y!.-V 2*
M^*_^#3S]L/X7_L:?M0?%_5_BIX[\.^!=-U;PW!:65SJUQY
=W
MX&9%8C[P7
7+1AVX#HQ'([&OV:,XBR3D 5_,W_P6!^&G_#Q?_@XZTGPG\%K6+7=3L7T6
MT\07^FYD@M9K5P]U<32 ;5$;59L\E<9S7ZX?\%S/VQ/%_[*'@;X:6GAGQ;?


F!U.1CITQ0!_3/;V LK:*.




M^SS_ 









K. P;GD'O7Z30)




B77[.WC;]H+6X4UCQSX






M-E+7:/1G?5PLO8PC4=E%G.0P:=&\#O+\[*@.R9AM.%[9XKVO]@=TD^%WQ$*R
M*_!QM;('R3'K7E4ND?#&'




FB?$5PG\$U_%&)?;/K[5






\1B
M\E.FIK$UK+9/)Y
F1(4RV-NX_A70_P#!5W1/V=+O]N7Q
?B+XC^*VD^)?LMG
M]I71-


WA:)MO'?:V37UO_ 

M.1(/.C._S



6I&6VJI+.P'R@#
MN17XG_!30/\ @L)^R!X3MO 7AK1/'=YH.D$6UBEW'INL16T8^ZL=Q(6;RQV!

GF
M?9H;:#]Q;HS*N[ID=J=A71[;_P '8DFN_%#_ ((R?#CQ3JFC'1]1/BC1]2UB


MMNUCJJ)_JY)[.ZQY4N

-/T?X8^$;I=0A\):3+
M'OI1_!Y5N-B[MJAI'9FYXR:_;C1M/M]%TR&TMHTM[:V010Q1KM2)% 554=

M:_GZ_:D_X(3_ +?G[5?[=5W^T/=Z;\)?#OC:XU*UU.SM[7Q%O@TM[956%5#1

^CMX]^%-G]H61'O


_L



MXR5! /(.:+!='Z)?\% ?C5X;_:0_X(O_ !;\=^#[_P#M3POXK^'E_J.F7GE-

##[P)






%P54\G:-

+*OL#0!^BW@+XBZ3\3O!FE^(O#^J66LZ#K,W=C


KA

B6NK7T!
M%ED@
T5A9CR_

MO82V



80X]Z^+?@3_ 
&]/[0'_!07]K^U
M^



7_!


_&.K6V@^%O#=K]LU'4+DXBMHAQGUZD?G7X


M0H99HC'B

_33_@G 2O_!/3X)8QG_A!='Z]/^/.*OE/_@X4
MU#0?VJ_^=_QX^#WAO6(-0^)?@30+#QQ?:# US#8Q7*R;V &/\ 5I(0
Y^4

\O+:Z6]CGL88
MBQ-A%51EV&P#&TD!\Y?\&:?[46A^*/V*O&7PE6ZB3Q)X.\1RZNMNQ DNK.[
M1 )D'4JLD3@XY&Y?6OV1O-4ATRPENKN:*WMX8VEEED.U(E R2Q/  '4FOQ:_




M@





E@5+:569AV ) SZFOIN'L51I9I@ZLYZ*HK

Q&W_\ 1R5[$?\ @FA^T&/^


M3K4RI!(;C

M5IO@E*P 
^QUQRO'1X6EAO8RYW5VL[VL


MVH/BYIFHWJJ\



MW


8)



UU
M5A_P1FAU2TCGM?VA?C5/!



MXH-3UFT$-M+
Q6.-_


M!HZ=]K/[3'Q?^RB]_LXR_V^NT7.[9Y)..'W?+CKGBD\;?\ !*/0/AKIL5WK
M_PTK\9=*MKB9;:%[G7=GFRMG+QDL=IX'I7N1_9J\82ZG?^&7M]#'A&\\;#
MQ@-4\YC=!?MW)M_(VX\SS1_K-VW;[UTW[87P6U_XO\ A[PG_8$+S7?A[Q)!

Z;DJ6J\Y?YGS=





MECNU(MBS115IBEV&Z0@





MJ)Y#)^]B


M#XW?^#G_ .M6-XQ_X)
Z)\/;:TEUS]I;XOZ5%?W4=C;O=:\L:S3R':D:DCEF

;:W;78M!\+Z3I5P+0):I=2SZE-\H

'*%.[]9?YGB][_P $:X--


AAO;FW+R6LMU&
M58YX!\J1D^91_[NA^%0\2BRFM]=\
Z1H'V8)' ^GW8GCN !@D)L4Q@=@2:
M3SO%*-U._P E_D2N'\(Y).GIZR_S/BWQ%_P2]\*^%O$=MI&H?M/?%ZUU.Z95

CD
MGT%?2?@OX:^


G2[%S);V(BA2)<O@;Y&V
M;F8 #/2NO\ ]EKQ3J.HZKX:9-
_X1#5/&:^


/Q1JUOKKZMK*3Z;J@BXN;..UAAB-QT'G_

M3H+CQ (WO90I8QQ@C+

M2 W)D)&.
^:G(/./:O

'A*
VXF
=\LJ7
M+7
A89B)DC2+Y


M_:0^
DU_!;I=R6R:Z&E2%R0DA4#.UBK8/0X.*^HOVB?A3JWQS_9NU#PM+;6!
MU75X[5;N*;+6I*RQ/.O0Y4A7 XYS7*_L\?LOZ[\&?V@?%6I27]O?^#+C1[73


M_P $J_#OPVL8KC7OVE_C%I



P)]LT5Y4Y2E+FD[L^@I0C

begin 644 image_002.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  (! 0(! 0( @( @( P4# P
#
M P8$! 

# P8# P8


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#]];JZ%LI9


M^




M7CO7]0C\
U 'I?@?XIZ'\3(]9_L'5


?LC_

TT^FP7ZK=FQLE8E;:!?-PP3









89+]9_GL_#T#K]WSE4R3'
M/$6 .30!\]_MB_\ !T6G@OXMZ3X:^!OPUF^(VG:AJ0T^WU_499+2R\02+
L3

..#7Z\5\W#_@F!\((OVG/ WQ4_X1N'^V/AIX;B\


M\ ?LX^



MWCBMX(%V1QQ1JJ1CL H& /;&* /QB^&?PZ\1_&[QI^S_ / :#P[XD\&_L\_$
M37;_ 

MFC\








O\ @I-^VXOQ/O?!OA36=(\=_S]FGQ_#J=^)=&TF6V\2?%:[A,9
M32H8XXS)9Q7TDVY6D/
JNS%%//Z$O\ \$Y?@M/\5_\ A-I_A_H=WXB^WOJP



MCQ%XX^(]WXRT/5+S2[JXM=?TFZ@@6U2:*-PS0^7*A3^'I7VAX(_8.^GPUU

 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 1. The Company &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 4, 2013, Healthient, Inc.&#13;(&amp;#8220;the Company&amp;#8221;) changed its name to SnackHealthy, Inc. and dissolved its sole wholly-owned subsidiary SnackHealthy,&#13;Inc., a Nevada corporation. As of June 26, 2015, a majority of the shareholders of the Company representing not less than 9,327,859&#13;shares of common stock (82.83%) consented in writing to change the Company&amp;#8217;s name to Amaize Beverage Corporation. Such approval&#13;and consent constitute the approval and consent of a majority of the total number of shares of outstanding common stock and are&#13;sufficient under the Nevada General Corporation Law and the Company&amp;#8217;s Bylaws to approve the above action. On August 13, 2015,&#13;Amaize Beverage Corporation, previously known as SnackHealthy, Inc., a Nevada corporation filed an amendment to its articles of&#13;incorporation (the &amp;#8220;Amendment&amp;#8221;) with the Secretary of State of the state of Nevada. The Amendment provided for the&#13;change of the Company&amp;#8217;s name from SnackHealthy, Inc., to Amaize Beverage Corporation. The name change and the change of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s trading symbol were subsequently declared effective by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority as of August&#13;19, 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note. 2 Significant Accounting&#13;Policies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The financial statements of the Company&#13;have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented&#13;in US dollars. The Company&amp;#8217;s year-end is June 30.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements&#13;in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates&#13;and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities&#13;on the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could&#13;differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid&#13;investments with an original maturity of three months or less as cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The carrying value of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and amounts due to related parties,&#13;as reported in the accompanying balance sheets, approximates fair value due to the short term nature of these financial instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are stated at&#13;cost and depreciated on the straight-line method over the estimated life of the asset, which is three to seven years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Website Development Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has adopted the provisions&#13;of FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 350 &lt;i&gt;Intangible-Goodwill and Other. &lt;/i&gt;Costs incurred in the planning state of&#13;websites are expensed, while costs incurred in the development stage are capitalized and amortized over the estimated three-year&#13;life of the asset. All website development costs have been fully amortized at June 30, 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Other Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our drink license was amortized over&#13;three years and is fully amortized at June 30, 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with ASC 350, the Company&#13;regularly reviews the carrying value of intangible and other long-lived assets for the existence of facts or circumstances, both&#13;internally and externally, that may suggest impairment. If impairment testing indicates a lack of recoverability, an impairment&#13;loss is recognized by the Company if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes&#13;under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&amp;#8220;ASC 740-10-25&amp;#8221;) Income Taxes. Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and&#13;liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying&#13;amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using&#13;enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered&#13;or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income&#13;in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Revenue is recognized only when the&#13;price is fixed or determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, products are shipped, which is when title and risk&#13;of loss pass to the customer and collectability of the amount is reasonably assured. Specifically, revenue is recognized when products&#13;are shipped, which is when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. The Company classifies selling discounts and rebates, if&#13;any, as a reduction of revenue.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s policy regarding&#13;advertising is to expense advertising when incurred. The Company incurred no advertising expenses during the years ended June 30,&#13;2016 and 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2004, the FASB issued FASB&#13;Accounting Standards Codification No. 718, &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#13;No. 718, companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date&#13;fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services.&#13;Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options, restricted share plans, performance-based awards, share appreciation&#13;rights and employee share purchase plans. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair value. Such&#13;compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant. The Company applies this statement&#13;prospectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Equity instruments (&amp;#8220;instruments&amp;#8221;)&#13;issued to other than employees are recorded on the basis of the fair value of the instruments, as required by FASB Accounting Standards&#13;Codification No. 718. FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 505, &lt;i&gt;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees &lt;/i&gt;defines the&#13;measurement date and recognition period for such instruments. In general, the measurement date is when either a (a) performance&#13;commitment, as defined, is reached or (b) the earlier of (i) the non-employee performance is complete or (ii) the instruments are&#13;vested. The measured value related to the instruments is recognized over a period based on the facts and circumstances of each&#13;particular grant as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common&#13;Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Net loss per common share is computed&#13;pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 260, &lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;. Basic net loss per share is computed by&#13;dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per&#13;share is computed in the same way as for basic net loss.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Certain amounts previously presented&#13;for prior year have been reclassified. The reclassifications had no effect on net loss, total assets, or stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 3. Going Concern&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The financial statements have been prepared&#13;assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge&#13;its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company incurred a net loss of $1,657,286 for&#13;the year ended June 30, 2016 and accumulated losses of $553,109,195 since inception to June 30, 2016. Cash used in operations for&#13;the year ended June 30, 2016 approximated $29,000 and as of June 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of $620,218. This raises&#13;substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is&#13;dependent on the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease Commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company gave up its leased office&#13;space in Jupiter, Florida in January 2014, and acquired a new office in Newport Beach, California. The Florida leaseholder obtained&#13;a judgment in the amount of $181,968 for the remainder of the monthly lease payments through June 2016 pursuant to the terms of&#13;the lease agreement plus legal fees of $1,487. The Company has recorded the full amount of the judgment, however believes that&#13;when the facility is re-leased it may not have to pay the full amount. Upon the leaseholder&amp;#8217;s execution of a new lease with&#13;a new tenant, the Company plans to file for the release of the amount of the judgment over and above the actual loss incurred by&#13;the leaseholder. There is no guarantee the property will be re-leased or that such a filing will be successful and that the Company&#13;will be able to mitigate its loss in this way.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2014, the Company entered&#13;into a lease at the rate of $1,439 per month which ended December 2014. In January 2015, the Company was equipped to operate in&#13;a virtual environment. We believe that our existing arrangement which provides for virtual pbx telephone, &amp;#224; la carte conference&#13;space, address services, mail forwarding and hosting facilities to be highly cost effective and adequate to meet our current needs.&#13;The Company plans to seek suitable additional space when needed.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has not invested in any&#13;real property at this time, nor does the Company intend to do so. The Company has no formal policy with respect to investments&#13;in real estate or investments with persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Legal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 6. Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has authorized 200,000,000&#13;shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended June 30, 2015,&#13;the Company issued 115,000 shares of common stock for services valued at $199,250 and 2,500,000 shares of common stock for services&#13;to a related party valued at $1,250,000. Shareholder loans from a related party in the amount of $127,146 were settled by the issuance&#13;of 3,178,650 shares of common stock resulting in a non-cash loss on settlement of liabilities of $1,462,179.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended June 30, 2016&#13;the Company issued 3,683,039 shares of common stock valued at $1,438,483 for services rendered by related parties, 112,500 shares&#13;of common for services valued at $112,500, 476,461 shares of common stock in payment of Directors&amp;#8217; fees valued at $162,000&#13;and 25,000 shares of common stock in payment of an account payable to a related party valued at $25,000 resulting in a non-cash&#13;loss on settlement of liabilities of $16,125.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Non-Employee Stock Options and Warrants&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for non-employee&#13;stock options and warrants under ASC 718, whereby option and warrant costs are recorded based on the fair value of the consideration&#13;received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. Unless otherwise provided for,&#13;the Company covers option and warrant exercises by issuing new shares.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 8. Loans from Directors and&#13;Shareholders&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended June 30, 2015,&#13;the Company issued 3,178,650 shares of common stock valued at $1,589,325 to a related party in settlement of shareholder loans&#13;of $127,146 resulting in a non-cash loss of $1,462,179 on settlement of liabilities with equity.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended June 30, 2016&#13;a related party advanced the Company loans in the amount of $20,506. As of June 30, 2016 the balance of loans outstanding was $50,028.&#13;The loans are non-interest bearing and due on demand.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 9. Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The components of the deferred tax asset&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carry-forwards and other nominal temporary differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,195,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,860,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,195,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(9,860,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had available approximately&#13;$50,975,000 at June 30, 2016 and $49,300,000 at June 30, 2015 of unused federal and Florida net operating loss carry-forwards that&#13;may be applied against future taxable income. These net operating loss carry-forwards expire through 2033. There is no assurance&#13;that the Company will realize the benefit of the net operating loss carry-forwards. ASC No. 740 requires a valuation allowance&#13;to be recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Reconciliation of the differences between&#13;the statutory tax rate and the effective income tax rate is as follows at June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 respectively:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State taxes, net of federal tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 10. Subsequent Events&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On July 21, 2016 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 150,000 shares of common stock valued at $37,500 for services rendered by Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Chief Financial Officer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common&#13;Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The components of the deferred tax asset&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carry-forwards and other nominal temporary differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,195,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,860,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,195,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(9,860,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Reconciliation of the differences between&#13;the statutory tax rate and the effective income tax rate is as follows at June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 respectively:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State taxes, net of federal tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 4. Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company started the construction&#13;of several websites all of which have been completed and are being amortized over three years. Computers and furniture are being&#13;depreciated over three to seven years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14,204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net book value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Website Development Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Other Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2004, the FASB issued FASB&#13;Accounting Standards Codification No. 718, &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#13;No. 718, companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date&#13;fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services.&#13;Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options, restricted share plans, performance-based awards, share appreciation&#13;rights and employee share purchase plans. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair value. Such&#13;compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant. The Company applies this statement&#13;prospectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14,204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net book value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_BEVS_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationReserveCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_LossOnSettlementOfLiabilitiesForEquityRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServicesRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServicesRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonSharesIssuedForSettlementOfLiabilitiesRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonSharesIssuedForSettlementOfLiabilitiesRelatedPartiesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServicesRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServicesRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonSharesIssuedForSettlementOfLiabilitiesRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonSharesIssuedForSettlementOfLiabilitiesRelatedPartiesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_SharesIssuedForSettlementOfAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_LossOnSettlementOfLiabilitiesForEquityRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_SharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_SharesIssuedForDirectorsFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_SharesIssuedForServicesRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_IncreaseDecreaseInLiabilityForLawsuitJudgement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToOfficersAndStockholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_SharesIssuedForService'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_NonCashSharesIssuedForServicesRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_SettlementOfDirectorsFeesForShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_SettlementOfAccountsPayableForSharesRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_LossOnSettlementOfLiabilitiesWithEquityRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InProcessResearchAndDevelopmentPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_OtherAssetsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeCumulativeNumberOfSharesIssuedForAllTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=BEVS_WebsitesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=BEVS_DrinkLicenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_WorkingCapitalDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=BEVS_WebsitesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsSupportEquipmentAndFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationReserveCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonStockIssuedForServicesRelatedPartyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonStockIssuedForServicesRelatedPartyAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonStockIssuedForSettlementOfRelatedPartyLoanAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonStockIssuedForSettlementOfRelatedPartyLoanShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_NoncashLossOnSettlementOfLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonStockInPaymentOfRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonStockInPaymentOfRelatedPartiesValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonStockIssuedForPaymentOfAccountsPayableToRelatedPartyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_CommonStockIssuedForPaymentOfAccountsPayableToRelatedPartyAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_NoncashLossOnSettlementOfLiabilitiesWithEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BEVS_ExpiryDateOfOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( *)!6TGU42*BIP$  &<4   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;,V8RV[

G5^

M-%

M42D6I%(L3*58H$JQ4)5BP2K%PE6*!:P4UD9%K(R+&1E6,C*L)582$KPT)6
MAH6L# M9&1:R
BQD'7Z2E33_+TX_ %!+ P04     B05M)2'4%[L4    K




$%     @
MHD%;2:^6X@AN 0  -Q



UZ2
M31BQ22&;

T[
BK[$&67(D

#0L

V4+JC%3[T







Y).<
M)-6+WFG3Z)(
^JH

XY4]R$'W[^/=/#S%#DJ[R

6

M


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJT
MV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OEL

YV?/;$[9^








M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2GD(;;NE3]4J5







M H)DIAR F/H+O?(
N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 

M^BR!;814

W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@2\-Z;ITM)__;


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    ( *)!6TFEZW)-

U66VO;
!3^*T(9HX41VREUV6H;
M1B$PV

M
5:@9937


M$#B.3WD


M%[3%D$!'HZJB^X^4E)QA)]9!:]'-GJ



$%     @ HD%;20-5CZ-I P  J@H   \

8SFI9]+$
M4WG2



J'

M'9H]L3)1H_-A&]
=WFS18(L_8MQTY1M[_Z=U^
.:H/2V=%;K851\
 RB&?Q_



M-MCRMF&@!0

BWN#U+:*

MZ5N/7:P!-RCGN7'!$JYQ3!6+D(HA)@F&?Q%Q
7$S*.*V9U10W^B]@ 504G


6_8Q;

2YX;6Q]
M5MENHS 4_17$!Q1LUE0$*8M&

HM2]]P0OG
MW./M7+OH&7\35TJE]]'4K5C[5RF[YR 0QRMMB'AB'6W5GS/C#9&JR2^!Z#@E


]!EK3

M$(V$:*@^%M/!)BBQ 






[LB&\HMY


)G]0F






M65F??5MZ


M#)$2P@:BL3 
U 0.[R- BF

K^
K:3_+MU)C&MYN0-UE7V?%9(A7^LQH
M E4PG


W)N+]



!P  &


!2&7P7Q +&YDX@@-1E5



MK87H=P#PHL8MXAO:XTZN5)2U2


JX[Q_





DE1+.BV!&P@]HY#O5 N6T
H2KED@V64Q+,L?@3U
MS\!Y0+@@BJQ$T9HH-(C6DB R6+Z4+AB*T6\IC!2'.*'SN@[U8(EL;(D:Y;8


15]=&TO

O
MHJ[X2;5-SUY$)$]=1\7?%6OY91&#^#KQVNP/RDPD=95
OFW3L5XVO(\$VRWB

M_8QIC//GZ^K?;+H:_XU*MN;M[V:K#IHVC:





M58F'HCL0P7?^P)(4O@D3IA5$:@,@Y
0)5A$@9IBF#-*5/@QV:,D3$U@X

  %@2

M&FX#XR68.0P0Y#!S5MMT6X@61U*W
W\_U-*.557J]
7:7O'5*]'U2*VN5?V]






8P/

M ]!2R


MKNT+RH04;1@
5KW] &8W8NRD^2GK##6 #RGZF9,#:@ZB]4!G? @+6!0#NJ


M5M@?1LRDP5FZ



U)G:U3)U0R

&K9=Q!:EO@04C%2XA):0EY
:2L](D;X&2L4#
&ULC9A;<Z,X$(7_N7W#'3+($@YKHJ]M;7[


97_9U4V9=_:QV8?MJ3'Y=NA4%B%'41*6^;&:





UV
*(DUIXF3#! JE:1Q&F-',704@Y3F.$  R0B




M7#] V
]DY)LCC#TW


'^P%3E216B5R^DT2F3@17@6KR&IB6/9BJ

529 #
^[@C$)&9071(D=@7CS53*YA_


M!AQDEX

BX:.:5F'^






M!Z6X^7


M$





+K5F43M9\3G:/RH





MKP

O
^9XR -?G

M2P
$%     @ HD%;237JA\JA 0  KP


MPGG3-













M\T*M]U[*_:Z@E\ SAYRF$+8*R98(ZLF7#&PKPXE]@[-M^&Y3X[=^OL^7Z;


[_GL60T+APO/-G
PW49#CLK]]C^:/E)U!+



M@VE;YGH+HDX@K1C/L@]

THJ:$1@_(O

M27A1%A9'8J?6]B*^X.[(0R.JZ$QUI[L@U 7OM=SE#P6[1J(YYCS%\'7

M:'P\/H2SG49J



M!7R7

MU0;U%^'@ =4/6?LNB


_*?Q'_OTF
MP3X1[/];XE;


MZ

34N


)
MATA8H7)I)=7@/.H;A!(MWJ9=FK2/TPW_/

!8V/QX_A




&W



/'<=%?^VK.77M4_\^\1;<ZJ5F0BJ



9SM0\PO)

MFT$(M%K064A4\DB1AZX. BTD*X'9NB$1B.0''0#*%Z*
X+0F

M:&5E='



@C0?ZIQ-LO)6[%


H+:AU2]UBTVN@=0 )CDF:

PA!];\C

M&HQ5X@))D*#OT\AD&
=I)]_




MN\TM71.G




B%G\V_9'EZ8V7-ET4X[?Y5Q












/[3

1$\[LW

M (XX:;NP*EWL35:EN&G6=O1-!NK&.9%_#I2)81_&X2/PWEX;;0-1548S[]QR
MVJE6=(&DEWWX&N^.F44XP
^6#FHQ#ZSWDQ ?=O']O ^!M4 9K;55(&:XTR-E

+^3&]+L8OM&IA-0*

A;!')\M#2($K] XA5(G$R$C2U2&
D
Q!



BYX

)!H[3BU#=G^?6T'0@03

64%DIL7U4+C=@Y*2V[=4A^)
M:37P?2!)05B29$3RNHF+/



%)FB25)$(
4%
E0@




C

M[4/[[

PS!V0I5_@]U8R;9-)/<F<'1VHS'9(MM\Y*UWW=04D
M2K;-I)MFTHW.9LSZ5W-*<;QRLL]:/<U6Q\26MR[@9[@%Y6GKE?!46ASA=U%
M:X308 2C!Z/8FI=E#A@TVDYW9B[]S^8#+8;KTS&_7\4_4$L#!!0    ( *)!

M2W.;


O!2G7*@!
M)TN=*^]05+3F!:NMEAZ7]G=WL761@FC$:T$[?M.V5/ [QMY4Y^=A:2
5 RWI


#7 G@4
M@6^DOL=$&E/W&(2BT







M6TDA4/%#X@(  %

MS7*;
!#'7X7A 0+Z0. 










?(

9

M
&7F98V0R=NA@63)8FE6(
X*P'%K



HW2U





?TJAF]T*B&U 6O!E/L-ZIO2@C\L



)]G










$   9

!B%_PKB?K7!D+8105JI

MZWZ+DH;X%3=B1XZLU(+R:DV0WE JI= *V?B#,48;QG;1?FF9M[E7DFCIJU
M';S*0!TYI_+?$S Q[
(H/$^\M8=&VPF49VCR52V'3K6BR34N_![MU2JW
MWRT

P&F8W_CIF?6UKCO'].?W'5


@ 31;Q*$3L_F?FC-%H/



$%     @ HD%;
&UL=53=
MCIP@%'X5X@,LRHS.=N*8[&S3M!=--GO17C-Z5++\6,!Q^_8%=%P[I3<A^_G


 '2
M

MC'\MFA^6GKB=W]2_A&I=]A=JX%GQGZRQO4LV35 #+1VY?5735UA*R+U@K;@)
M7U2/QBIQHR1(T/=Y9#*
-<DC I_N3*8(HV;%%&3
M(B*0W9G$



$%
M  @ HD%;26%

S N







&@EX:TGH-[Z7\/-(3
?'_
M$I*1D


B5S^%7

H LRQ

QY.S[L-[



)AT)_Q.%0-[T?KB&A!=9GGO#._7
L'G

M2)





E5L4.Q9@7@#*1299G4
M#.?H=?&HRQ69-EASJU%@0=F-53,-_=8W ==((LC H;
'WR:_!9LK&\%^SMZ


M%VV- /$+1H./6XR-
V:19VM'QUZAL^1W^.
_5(5Q/LL






M:\WK

 \&U+!ZN0DI'7
T'


#UCGP.'KN4?(/$,X'
M'+1&!A?[.XYVK#!$6&23.PJ HM*B F+L.3Z7EX
;L
;-RY@.V=!
NSB^GH


MV4%4*2HR7
\



*XBD&(-.@&$H92:;)TT)5&!:E&3XMQ4.5@6

M




MSTVI&/4#


1

;0@%T9@:40M0DM!F8
M[#]QUL&-D?2B31


[J$B%X$2*N= -CBAGS)X<Y0/(M4/KP<_FJGQ$EV7 B-4$#AS;




EN25UEGOI0
!8@(.]
VY@
M!Q\Q!N8L=<$-@AW32K[_!D,<-=+L)HDSLX43; :)U2X3PA'XWL5XK;-A?
M(8QL3?'YLBQ\IMT:R,9U%TZ'%)3Q?H8(C 5TQZP&M6

M$2

MTH%62;(GY2CJ/&X\K;D-
DGE-FZA^:7EXI++22$1I]V'W*# A^CH$+=I-@;=
<7ZP
MJ53<+!W -#3

M_H\


5-PZ7;DHQKL'=S-)N=A)/Q93BYG D ++G
M3#$G =J=N.G:TS. $K8;@B;@CL71])*;2BE95-=D[& PY(ID5HK'+/_$603N

Z:8S !/!)O

1D9[.&=I.=^IX: +DK(D
M[$V


ME@:)0;- EA?H


M2;_)M

3\L7BB0?X@SP)J#T4JU*:K:16ES
MTWR3S5$ZT


MMX@)UQI\_
DB%PJCL=MV);!)!\Q+LO:BB/S8')3FG-J)1)@!Z0[&XV$C]L
MC#YT:$Q647U6456[KG1NCUF80/^H03[@QZJK^NAV)-WJ$_3VXG'#JHL@@3
MP\SKK@*NYG!^T_I
D

MS'4S9*632PK;B'V-DF7/S@GY)Z?=S6;MS3!A3XIL8T)Q



K9H!=QYAHP$I#M02 -RT-H)N
MA/;GE3$
M+&PI Y

A7(:SGJ@#RX2D.EM]?RVUL55




L)L
P07D


M+*#;Q]M63U3:+GR(0M41YCR1)Y& *@A'2(EYAL;I9#T@[=6D]*6.RA;9D



MQ


Y3L
AH^-58ZXA^%G;U
*XX&[QB:D5




#5D


/IQ+$ ;EFMKS!=K=I2N#!H

*%X7JE

MM0E#00A9Z08D'?B8[84RB7%;NVVJ:R#X#=30T7L&@';*09IVB=.QRZ:9HZ








MOZ?RX/K


MT7^W=E_#U8.ZKZCMK3IN:J@OU5EJB7\3N\YCCQ5V'
$ ^

MZ#N/QOX==OON(



M9%1W*.Y:VW5A!QH'/2[M\Z(HO_M?4$L! A0#%     @ HD%;2?51(J*G 0
M9Q0  !

M;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     B05M)KY;B&X!   W$P  &@






BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M B05M):\_*21,   







&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ HD%;29E:'3F= 0  L0
  !@              ( ! BD



M.YX;6Q02P$% 




O

YX;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ HD%;24\^\J2@ 0  L0,
M !D              ( !!C0  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q,RYX;6Q0
M2P$% 

4     B
M05M)9$?[ :

62&0(  - %   9                <M#

4     B05M)W)@=6LX!  #+!   &0


M971S+W-H965T









4     B05M)

M:&5E=#(Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *)!6TEA3.0EW0$  &0%   9





end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001493152-16-014303-xbrl.zip

#$V
#8S

'6-.Q&$CN_]

M\$?U*V_LOS


M 7*1SUAVZ^G\R6OBYQHGGR;?._8^,O8 5U4(H



G8E@-VX$G

!
M$2WWL^785]ZY-7
C<?O*@WWNUAFZXBP
112^G_]A

_V2I_^P'IQI/'V%
MS*9E@VRFUV8V+ /G%YA 9*'(K
.1Z??
]
 G1Z8_ *;7U^'(]'E
WT7 F@W%
M]/#93-CX)AZ&XE\QAF/NX)\%)C^?.&(


M4-UEL_?
7)#%PM%F;]^!QY7[XHLR[XYF4^7L\9(
2HO?D*SY!5OK&OH8C;J?__E=/'UO&$_DP1\8/DH/+XN82M'TZ<[@U]M

MY_#3K1_
QS(,8%L8F.

MM*LPC
M2[%TWGJ.^^N;*(CUWEW;S;,:_4WS:+^6*)58
J*H-Q%J':#LEIQ



4+-QB:$



MH[L_V:H QDZCUV[WV]W]+^X.
#;;O7ZG]0B26BPXE-4B[7ZCWVHUV_M?Y6V@

_\).[II^I2
%IFK]\MD+JX
M
'^9Y)\=@


Z






MOA?ZKF-S29MG?P9H
0Z?UZG5=K)W9_AA1..7!_;M7X%@-^[0-'T/^G&[V;



+N-IYG^VC.N1Y&/_;7;
M-0.#6C7C_PK+C28.L$;-N/)&)P3)3PQHO]ELO(M20B;?FN]^-D83;-EN&TX4

MP8*CU P+$+^S; MX-9CY7 %X8IR%AC\V_A9[PFAV:,./CK%9N8-0X_(OC4



M*4QY3+]+CRLK=71
#Y:]_3^*E*\G[O6

M
(=5\YG






ME[^!_0G$(E$--:[2RK


7:%9
M:!N; O0C2QE?AK18A2W-#N/;C6&#/6T%848#9C;=N;.A@-J(K)8FXUCGOA

MJIO&?VKTO)ULO^SQR22.:



2R< ID[$'BL9WCS*\*





\G!\A1D
81;KA8/Q['%ZCT)'ZL\:QL*DU-\+X]A8+8QR


M_ R$;&B%B/]%/JK&(IKRVGC;B$
%A?! S\DW ](_:/3R5Y06!.H-(Q[6 R$L

MFQ6KFT&9E)Q
D$&($Q2S&A-^8K34Z4H:]6=-SA$KP;L
$8Q6$X\=CKIQ43?*




T\

M3!E
7\*(BAS:HFK[FGP
CU_I3$LM3(#'63)%1R*@1HP#L/!#.305J(3Q:%);
M7AS4J8D#M) Y1 N 


T5VJ%[)IJ@?:_'$MCK


M)RA[F:P' [8&F8?(F\+2:




C1:;SO@<
M^!Y\'HEC#O)27AF?_J/*=EW*%

\W5:ES;5LO8Q.7TZI
M] %.?&LHP(R45?'R/)!2V604&


3:-.+Z2





M_
@=. #&;#CPEH)\(YCE[?U/&VHJ31K-'; Z1Q[*CS=H[)7UK@60:9ITB1

MW0K

C 9?RZD0XVDX%2$HW*.AT?#I:'0)==&/J



C9%LM[ L8R&4&=KN][(6*SO/\CR+O5LLGDI0

[F[
M:/3.F%_B08SBQ.VFM63




MG?@


JW @
M-5.-!%+D$3N#N1_ZRYL2Z
DQ8R%3)*D03&;14!O0M/F)E$4*_I/PR?X2^U1
M,'$:W9Q9X #NCHO?&O=
BKZR^A[WA%''CEAV6(%F^)U6ZFHKM$R RW/G9PM

!T ;F^\'XJ)
:[F+S
]IX

[WKB3ME.J&4+
#W1A@_2=L#X
MF;]P;&(JBT


*F,8[6AURHBVR]2LYY
ME6Q&G[$Q.977-#L+Y!904I6E7X*TY]Z5OQ@#@:U9H=WO6:ML[2**P=A.'RJ
M%$L[D
K7VOU6EHL#G$YFF]VP0-Q(&Z6HRL.D3.L

5;
 ]


M


\8*[/3QPK1.GO'C+%HRX:+#H4S Q*-8[PSH]OYZ.XG\6MX'EV]/H_U

T]\SS!.0?V=!-&<1I8L- P?O<G7O1.2,+( +I*PN
M@;MW[&BZ#1^?&<

8

\
M#F_^M+6^V0


T.I.I

9#


=#'3''G53&0N;RB_P
M%54A[&V

MA^-R7^V$C
OW%R5GF%B^$4=^

MM*OQKCA.+ *ZBXWWS9=B[C]!0*PL$S]'SGV:Z
&'9+=6V_1+8=
,XG
MCA@;ETF9^S7W?WB5*;&+Q=2W7Y

*Z2\B^7JJQ9]K!V/
UZ T)

MD*A^YIZOUO%.O96=4K-=C@F8Y=[;5
0QPA ;J44JRI#W


/0

MF)H;



U8[#-DTLEM.M.(E@F'AGL.5&ZL*Z^;!)\[

:L.C;C)?$)I7)%/RO$BR*N[H+Z+ *J




CP79<N(MF1 *W.H)FL'K\W2 I0HUM(;FQ


%X%U[+L2J=EH

M06^

!#IFP56DG<&8\C4E(+]@%VI;UZIV6V1B8 TT9;)ZL&O*\&J]
M8[8[YJ QV 6\,YOK_SWL^785]ZY-7

GV &.(K3I


M4V4U+





KS7[O;-'N#:G!88M]TG(5@

M[!%%D5DSDKK\@GIR#H+[T;H/03']+;9E)\QJ:541!*7Y1Y[W;3%]H56N6A^W
A1AN:U:M
MH^^ZZ78%;4<:E@$-B8UG]_ ?=)'O+)?ZH%+V[:+K48O9JA89OJJ02_M&^HG
M--4#?@:



/9
3/VI%OK

47R:C4
KY^B;)RR @AW
MU0R?? _U^Z.=V66/[
K
7BG8VX2ZTY7=&NS\-RJA*T&X]GQQ2TA*DVHPH'.!

0Y@F



8\A:'O?S?N
'OBT=EPZXO#'G-_.9BV




2L897

8#J@53 W/HM

E8V$(;;DM8(1[EH7
)?K:V^_!#:7.7.&

)MFARNN\@6QM\6&L6\[1&*5Y;VK+
MR^9ZZ-)*$EE'020@EH3WQ#ASDS23S(0
4IIJ
HY=

M)1ISQN0+W+T(.^




!V)T 6?G$N!IK?P(YJ


QS=6J($X$#%P ;VSTM=K-P]

*#M

P





)H\%=2Q9V=0



M)7SR=D(B)H
(?@5[+*
).UP_#7]FG]\*0'(7(J?'/[* V03U:&-CB.H\G :
MPI$OZ-Q9ES (JRLLT25\*K+%!KEON@\N. XWA&2DF:9;8 CVN2EZ2%M=32*
_L-Z<*;Q-&F\W?M' 712X X/'\?+X-,Z.'P.G^(5T9*1&#UIKY'

MWO)K*&X)  !86   $0   &)E=G
M
C Q-C V




MQ+EB/P:?)X)(
!

M43($/7O)C/(N0*O3&XE@CG11J+Q%5:-PC07X-B:*PH@+(
ZVF_%N&?%&[S*V
I^ETM?$/AR.R8H4MU8'/MTQ*0





M1J4671L+

?OP?\.KNU

Y4(CE
MSK:8#A.%QZ#.N1V8


K]3GIE89C9X\\H6&$]A:83PESH*5


MOPNA9NE*


M8S&)



MAE796
YHK6OENN1&_



M  !B979S+3(P
38P-C


MM$=H[]=__O4O0/Q\^EN_#RXQ\MP3
*9.?T+F]!=P#5?H!'Q!!#'H4_8+^ :]




GCD][*5


(2^=B!7B-@A9+;
M0RD[')($\9OYS5KF)4%

%^$[PZ
1SKV\/ZA0KUYU1T2U:;\XK:;@_)+:.BQ_G/






MR2%8_)$SB ?HA8.R?R[B]UD
RN%=AG)#-
6S!J8BYHPY@#(QVISV1LEU('.4
M.

6 QZLHICL8Q$




U9GM'TL

MK.

XETJ

UQ_A&6XBKIO!=V-AT))4[






M9I-^W$\_BVG
O*JF4I@NFOH,%-C;4UNVOW:K/$Q#LJY[!RP1/K YB M
:?
M0:XTU+UIN2


/TNN7FX?9+5#B7*@C/C(CI?9!;

MSG-O(  JGV=Z14=O-_T:65P6:NF[-Q #8[2F'%=5C:ID-)FUN&14[Q$#Y:)H

'OHCH.0&QX)F*[=C-&L^@RA




*Y/RZ*AA


+FYM=/MN!MF#OW:(5G

K:A/-E)BNJ)715ANFV]CYUA7?\[9(


KJXJ



#$V
#8S


*M&Z;9



?@=N8A1NBOXMT%N()



M64ZY



J#
$

M6] I!2Q3LSJ4HFTB09!W/;U^%%T8)Z8P=/E:]: [FT'W 7DC=\P(%R6.S;O3

XPYY]V!9
M9


(EH0KJ]:/%3I.
M.82^0OVX7,).RT*+=!JMDV@*%PY;NU)&ZC)F_AB[6'1SE_Q/3=:
N3:R(Z0


M%4'1='/3OG!3!GTG523NM4NBV(LDP:3B*ER'J0A
B=Y7SIV\(%3PDM]*2#%F
M
SN[4]OVXP:=&XCMD7L&'S&#3A$KN6HU-*_**2IV0
E7NX3=BKTN%]GGD+K8
EY2]/VB'DQ*S[TS(2C+:Y4*<
MJ7C7^9G3?/ZDT-%4M1\)C(1*P?[]AO%R/
6R!XNJ#B)1Q03V\^Z#AY?$#I&

*

M\18YW&'[!E*&
V6?$@G2W
M2^+E+$8D

I2:-51C^V(_.QEW$%_.MJ:RU-U!*87@


W.':@6K?X=1@KZ7A.[; :*W!RM+?N!E6W6ZDG7A40*]GP0=
M:(!0I=8ZH;K_* $\2%6(E1J(]%KKA'



M



M=S24C3_QUO7!S!5 3GV]12).V'TXG1/*\/_]Z_Y!AL5@K5$LSZ#Q-&_BE\:4



MJ:P+=




MD-7 HLF#VMD

M9%G3FPKR3C8-_N+6^MY4\$;IS7-G@^.O\+GX

M05M)_VI1CHI  ^7@( %0   &)E=G
M
C Q-C V
S!?;&%B+GAM;-U=^W/;

#%0Q+S
MU]_

W!*X23
YS@+C2[_HIR NZ2?I:13C#!VGRU6

MC1:U(M([_/#APUOV;2/*23[-LKCYC?=O&SBM9?)MI)#O(
FCCSF#=Y[.@X(Q




MP[K[_E/]\2]DBK!

/O7BGDW@Y14XU)UD /LKG&_UKB

6J(;OH
M=4^O1K:


&:<LBSC0ZB2F1AAFHU






2;
M%_%.!C4N;I^#J):\KEW.*;IO*3[QY
D/$F*J%C3]
ELR;(')[.\R A?A=X8


!I@7#9(18F-+$N=

#L
V

M$@FB)!)*5$)DRE$R([F^&#'A  )*9C3.+@3^#7XWA4;A+ :%O2^!-'Z(D1<
M[EXC@ZB0C[8^+K.

!QD;1*'%7R









\YT)/TPAH
JYDLK!I M0VPZKK!8
MW


MCTVVF*=&$


M8YFKNV2
K5-=3IGJ@AG^+ $/*7E^-CDZ.S^[/3NY09.+*;JYO3S^X6^7Y].3

BO@G4P



;(L7'9HO3X2S7C0C'5 D(7TY6@[R6@


DTP8ZH57

HV4_%**TF5;A-Y

JJ31
=0HP&#3]S@AP.))$D[992P









!AB07H)%;#MF;QKKICR4:TU9O8
MOW-!M.6YE3EG6]



YU2$.C]:?

:0X[3GD8X.AG5+*V!(/!HZ


H+)=5
=)3H7?L2S


MO'V*C5@QD/=%#2%L&3]ZPJ!*K1@ U1

M\B&




9:1HM!50?:L\


E\!QVTTA  3ALX:L!MA17H'-=#
MUW70K05PY:^SC$.\U,LWL]S!3/9#16J[@DK GX+C55\F!(: !2N/5?Q2)0
MG 9)CH+P@1Y6 U)#V?R]VOK%A-IC;M=3OH@UF1RWT50 ;A])H4Z2D/Y%3^4^
M!#$]2%&=4A\&622/S
Z$T\NP1SC7NQS;0A]

8(#Q7.A$@'$



6RVI;)2]=UQC$?LZ$R?KFCHGT'OG1*D?TF+1)EKNNBQC%S;=
MEU8%!K^


J8ZNH\PX8^P63K:D'6$#


5U+N




PS

@&&JX)++1A[*ANP5V&9/[%(;!6WI;
M7%3=@4#S3E

M7P)

MH:XBN+Y2YJ%Y;VEE 0(S#7M
W7P?#7O+L]9&0A6?*1-4&2SOTZM"3O_:L

DB-L1 7R6EG@EZY'5*MXYIFRSU/)0V::KE?;
M4 W*RI7N-N%_E61Q??)@D

MD

M6-WO::6='0G70VY/?LM%O9/%#!]WZ)0JH$H#1A?%L%SC(LJJ(^JS.+JKK@!2
M]DYZ-:=GW R=Z)UTT^AX9Y@E4'Z7







MB]BIC2R6O#8*QT:?0IQXLR/H\6
JX::8)8QO*N&*UC-VI@F&F.579
)$0E
M$T4QD657R@:QY]&251@EO]S1MZ1YXB\[)JH7&-ET%$@_R399H5=2WW*E)Z

 2'S5;@9#ZOYIPXK&M+B5.2


TN45LH[V.63I.O_G&:_T=2D8!4503QXF[J9
%Y%;XE_XYQG<K6FWG*EF&R!,^=F7=\=-.'\K@RJ:=V(9V0&''?@W?GJY-
M3Y
W*60R

M*7[QY-* &L

MM^%4D!9.\/IUKIV9.WEU:7&D[ $?EUDF4S)9!VOC@U35JD@MV_K*0[?YN$

M(=$^RNJ;ME8!NP=;WPLY8&@_*#[FJ306

P.9



CS\U7@A^YY

';8BKLG$Z096NR_GT
LE V

RIVGZC]TQ3G).G592MIZ0'NEP8
MT\=*T]F4QLZ5=BICIN:=6?98N3J(3!F%M%8SF:H\*]MV-&$9UG2W[NL+#B=
MTMB[UIOCF*M[9^YXS+:=)+N?(F5W-B?I,DJ&!5XN4JS@/(^6I#?QZ1EH+*;
M!FJX_B.'VDTSK3)RG2]
IFN2M*%O-JT
K8F4

C$I3C%9LP;Q31$4



MGRMJQ)T[W^P+#5*1N

M[:S%V

> MT




M)K4R#F9K %9;CT2OWJ_GJ@1M-NQ!!

MA4E?

M4!L']/&0IQGYX)S

= *<'QEC(WH:U0)HTE19-&L


M7*AJRU#N*%MA(P:Q'03HYU1:
OJ/B7OF8);-UXN2EO+IPD#(4 =%IZ;.(E
M\AZZ-*OE[BA(L47FL_]&


\QVTH#5-)A8VU
G=H$+F@9Z
ME:4/48C#H_6G'(=G2=O33FCM

M
$-H8PE]]I=DV#A




VJ2B^K6$/\MLZ-J6?[;Q@R?I%(6IR!H


V]I *DKA 4D;2M__0$D)5$D 33X(4.\S S

B\!XQBP@-OW]S^O;DC8=#GTY(./O^S4^CH\'H_.KJ

/GD#:E_=!5.Z=^]&[3
MG[P?





/AY/
M




M5DH;ZCY/F!#QDD0^OZ%$5,.?'EK( A?NP23G9[&^\O. A^#.E3.






@SA:_R2-1Q0&
M5O[C7S=

LZR1ZTQJ*8<I



926^ :?.93T5@+/35%

I\?DR?\N*B[X6
M+PBMO3!94^#@&G$#P6LNVRS5YSU7+7O4;VARGM!M*9HZ:1W Z,1E*;ZN+9
M)Y&X%@6U/;2$4

*





@WQX@?
M9-%DGJ@2\]#5K&T$)AZ\V'80P;7-N(%@5T,1F@/4F]NB ^O@I9CP.K.I




S1+2RNP%15N0S&(23P61!




L-*S6S?US8#HE;&

XJ(SZWO(0F26.6+U!):O]UMABY0$6Y


MK]ZZ3R?R6IHE\H/(K:88YARFQ88!DN3M='.P

[@ )^U
M^(K_4V'8U+5U#)B=825#H,!^\=Z1RAD0VE;#73P3 U)
=(C;UDA12F&R:

MV?_-G&5:R(1SP&+[+BF##*OF:57]3R\MC(#
J4-&48S2+)=OF# N7E8L)TVB


M/7/@G?

+4L=\3D-93A5 TOPSHD^3NXP=U








D^O!R][9#%^NRE*B]&NZ:R'RC0




_A$%


MIOW?Z&Z+J40S+^-]E7T



M/JKC@ET:IAK:5PI^FI)FE

&N3
8Y4XQ'/

Q3F5S#/:1C1@$RR 1-.

@O)E/@HC/-]33RYQH7TBW;BS@+S;7F!*?3A;3OQ-KU8O#I?$0GP

M6!UK:

M

ML.RM+3(%=

MSR@BT29G:LW=*OL3

MP:D7U T0)#=)H?







[TPM*%-Z
U@=UN==R.]W$K(Q8-YQA93&*
3(74.#S


M!3V#5+[;S';J/T#E=7*YH7)N?)
87W.SD%O2



W:(&'=(&((IAOW)$;N#88SW#0ZP5ON5M)




M33*



M:[Y?94]ECW#

47&*5:59H8GMC[029
MLL2N ($BS(6Z%_H



M F4^QZ#TMD_C#8 [C)F6LIJ]?SM
F'C.
4U+*;V+.^+F%?%5!P+3?FR?S$&




LI X5 2SN'A_
MU72[ :33\+?!_K)A)R^@$/$?I6N:NKVZQ;ZV5SFVTZ373G'+3&!J!9M]:K
MY/8)K=8JM!&C$R9/=
G5


F8OG)6&K(5\\;J=&* AJ

R
Y&&^BO
VV7
]RD=1OE6NA;M/H6R_
M(OYO_1W1U
N^Y




6!5WPJC:4'

I2!S!13W.] !U5%^I%X1TQ1TDS6V;XMIQ
MID;%Q=(/LICYY]5.+JZZJH]!'XY
+E#9'P.Q'*D+5
P TRR =6W= 

38P-C
P+GAM;%!+

38P-C
P7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4

M
#$V
#8S

D
38P-C


