

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552781-14-000896
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20141027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20141024
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Healthient
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001137005
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				330730042
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1011
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-59114
		FILM NUMBER:		141173228
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15132 PARK OF COMMERCE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33478
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-720-2112
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15132 PARK OF COMMERCE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33478
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Healtient
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101117
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TIME ASSOCIATES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090327
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TIME LENDING CALIFORNIA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010319








    






WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549

















For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2014


















SNACKHEALTHY
 INC.



























620 Newport Center Drive
 Suite 1100































Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 





Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes 


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.405) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&#160;&#160;
















Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of large accelerated filer
 accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

































The aggregate market value of the registrant&#8217;s common stock held by non-affiliates based upon the closing sales price of the common stock on September 19
 2014 of $2.31 per share
 as reported by the FINRA OTC BB
 was approximately $2
621
552. Shares of common stock held by each of the current executive officers and directors and by each person who is known by the registrant to own 5% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from this computation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not a conclusive determination for other purposes.


The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's only class of common stock
 $0.001 par value per share
 was 5
467
380 as of October 17
 2014. The registrant has no outstanding non-voting common equity.














































































































Market for Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


























































































Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance





























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


















































SnackHealthy
 Inc. (formerly Heathient
 Inc.) (the Company
 the Registrant we
 us or our) develops and markets delicious snacks and beverages that make healthy eating a fun experience for the entire family. The Company&#8217;s goal is to successfully position a &#8220;better for you&#8221; portfolio of products as convenient
 healthy solutions to support the lifestyles of health conscious consumers.&#160;We commenced sales in the third quarter ended March 31
 2011 although we made no sales during the twelve months ended June 30
 2014.&#160;Our principal executive offices are located at 620 Newport Center Drive
 Suite 1100
 Newport Beach
 California 92660 and our phone number is (949)719-2491.




Our Company was organized under the laws of the state of California on November 5
 1996 as Renet Services
 Inc.&#160;&#160;The name was changed to Time Lending
 California
 Inc. on August 4
 1998 and we reincorporated in the state of Nevada in December
 2000 by merging with Time Lending California
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation. Time Lending California
 Inc.&#160;subsequently changed its name to Time Associates
 Inc.&#160;&#160;Effective as of October 5
 2010
 Time Associates
 Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of September 23
 2010 (the Reorganization Agreement) with Healthient
 Inc. a Nevada corporation organized April 29
 2009 (Healthient) and Healthient shareholders. In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Reorganization Agreement
 the Company acquired Healthient in exchange for 43
618
356 newly issued restricted shares of common voting stock of the Company to the Healthient shareholders on a pro rata basis for the purpose of effecting a tax-free reorganization pursuant to sections 351
 354 and 368(a)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. As a condition of the closing of the share exchange transaction
 a majority shareholder of the Company cancelled all of his 188
572 shares. In addition
 as a condition of the closing of the transaction
 the Company spun off its operating subsidiary Time Marketing
 Inc.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the terms of the Reorganization Agreement
 each one (1) share of common stock of Healthient has been exchanged for three (3) shares of the Company's common stock. Following the Closing Date
 there were 43
778
433 shares of the Registrant's common stock outstanding. Immediately prior to the Closing
 there were 160
077 shares issued and outstanding (assuming the cancellation of the shares held by the majority shareholder at the closing).&#160;&#160;The shareholders of Healthient owned 99.6% of the common stock outstanding of the Company after the issuance of the 43
618
356 shares. On November 15
 2010 Time Associates
 Inc. changed its name to Healthient
 Inc.
















The acquisition of Healthient by the Company on October 5
 2010 has been accounted for as a purchase and treated as a reverse acquisition and re-capitalization since the former owners of Healthient controlled 99.6% of the total shares of common stock of the Company outstanding immediately following the acquisition. In November 2010 Healthient
 Inc. changed its name to SnackHealthy
 Inc.&#160;&#160;SnackHealthy
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

On this basis
 the historical financial statements prior to October 5
 2010 have been restated to be those of the accounting acquirer Healthient
 now SnackHealthy
 Inc. The historical stockholders' equity prior to the reverse acquisition has been retroactively restated (a re-capitalization) for the equivalent number of shares received in the acquisition after giving effect to any difference in par value of the issuer's and acquirer's stock. The original 160
078 shares of common stock outstanding prior to the exchange reorganization have been reflected as an addition in the stockholders' equity account of the Company on October 5
 2010.


As of October 1
 2012
 we effected a reverse stock split of 1-to-50 of our common stock.


On October 4
 2013
 the Company changed its name to SnackHealthy, Inc. and dissolved its wholly-owned subsidiary SnackHealthy
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation.&#160;&#160;As of October 28
 2013
 we effected a further reverse stock split of 1-to-100 of our common stock.




SnackHealthy
 Inc. is a marketer of healthy snacks
 foods and beverages. We continue to pursue our mission of developing and distributing great tasting nutritious snacks and beverages under the SnackHealthy brand. Healthient
 a division of SnackHealthy
 Inc. will focus on providing organic
 natural and gourmet food products to large retailers and club stores in the U.S.


We are a virtual company with a focus on staying lean through the use of cloud based technologies
 maintaining low overhead
 subcontracting services
 creating sales through commissioned brokers
 developing products utilizing co-packers and keeping little to no inventory except for use in sales and business development activities.


Our competitive advantage in North America is through the combined years of successful retail sales experience of our senior management and chain store sales team
 offering our line of quality food products and snacks which fall into the fastest growth category. In addition
 our co-packers are leaders in their own right with many years of experience as innovators in the development of organic
 natural
 gluten free non-GMO food products.


We have recently completed development of a unique &#8220;better for you&#8221; beverage that we plan to introduce in early 2015. The product
 with super antioxidant status
 is a unique blend of fruits and spices
 offering extraordinary health benefits and great taste. The fact that the average American drinks over seven drinks per day allows plenty of opportunity to market a healthy drink
 helping us to achieve our mission of providing a positive healthy delicious beverage








The multi-billion dollar snack industry is experiencing unprecedented change as consumers increase their pace of life. Healthy snacks is one of the fastest growing food categories in the United States
 benefiting from the confluence of consumers' desire for weight 
 meal replacements
 demand for portable
 &#8220;better for you&#8221; snacks and meals
 and general nutrition and fitness needs. A market for snack food that is simultaneously convenient
 healthy and indulgent is ripe for exploitation.


























According to the World Health Organization (WHO)
 approximately 1.7 billion adults are overweight and 400 million are obese. By 2015
 it is predicted that 2.3 billion adults will be overweight and more than 700 million will be obese. Obesity rates among children have also climbed
 with more than 30 percent now overweight or obese.











According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
 over the last 30 years
 obesity among American children ages 6 to 11 has more than doubled.



























More meals and snacks are consumed on the move
 and increasingly in the car
 where handheld food products make for easy snacks on the go.



































Snacking may have once been regarded as a vice
 but consumers have embraced the notion as a way to maintain energy levels throughout the day.&#160; The average American consumer snacks two to three times a day
 and some have even taken to snacking more often and foregoing the standard three daily meals.







According to the results of a new national survey fielded by Impulse Research on behalf of Dole
 more than 25% of women want healthier options when it comes to snacks that taste good and satisfy their sweet tooth. Additionally
 the survey found that when women proactively sought healthier snacks
 41% would choose a snack under 100 calories
 36% a low-fat snack and 33% whole grain anything.

The study
 which aimed to uncover snacking habits of U.S. women
 also revealed that nearly 60% of women do the right thing by reaching for fruit or dried fruit when choosing a healthier snack. After fruit
 43% prefer yogurt
 and 31% reach for something with whole grains.





 Pineapple
 Fuji Apple and Banana
 Raspberry
 Blueberry
 Fig
 Apricot and Peach
 Organic Pineapple
 Organic Mango
 Fuji Apple and Apricot
 Cranberry
 Almond
 Cashew
 and Tropical Fruit &amp; Nut
 
 
 
 and orange flavored 




We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K as soon as reasonably practical after we file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission
 or SEC. This information is also available in print to any shareholder who requests it
 with any such requests addressed to Investor Relations
 620 Newport Center Drive
 Suite 1100
 Newport Beach
 California 92660.&#160;&#160;Certain of these documents may also be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet website that contains reports
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at 



















In addition to the other information in this Form 10-K
 the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Our business
 financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including risks that we do not presently know of or currently deem insignificant
 may also impair our business
 financial condition or results of operations.



Recessionary pressures from an overall decline in U.S. economic activity could adversely impact our business and financial results. Economic uncertainty may reduce consumer spending in our sales channels and create a shift in consumer preference toward private label products. Shifts in consumer spending could result in increased pressure from competitors or customers to reduce the prices of some of our products and/or limit our ability to increase or maintain prices
 which could lower our revenues and profitability. Instability in the financial markets may impact our ability or increase the cost to enter into credit agreements in the future. Additionally
 it may weaken the ability of our customers
 suppliers
 distributors
 banks
 insurance companies and other business partners to perform in the normal course of business
 which could expose us to losses or disrupt the supply of inputs we rely upon to conduct our business. If one or more of our key business partners fail to perform as expected or contracted for any reason
 our business could be negatively impacted.


Volatility in the price or availability of the inputs we depend on
 including raw materials
 packaging
 energy and labor
 could adversely impact our financial results.
Continued growth would require us to hire
 retain and develop a highly skilled workforce and talented management team. Any unplanned turnover or our failure to develop an adequate succession plan for current positions could erode our competitiveness. In addition
 our financial results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees
 higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs.



Price competition and industry consolidation could adversely impact our financial results. The sales of most of our products are subject to significant competition primarily through discounting and other price cutting techniques by competitors
 many of whom are significantly larger and have greater resources than we do. In addition
 there is a continuing consolidation in the snack food industry
 which could increase competition. Significant competition increases the possibility that we could lose one or more major customers
 lose existing product authorizations at customer locations
 lose market share and/or shelf space
 increase expenditures or reduce selling prices
 which could have an adverse impact on our business or financial results.


Sales price increases initiated by us may negatively impact our financial results. Future price increases
 such as those to offset increased ingredient costs
 may reduce our overall sales volume
 which could reduce revenues and operating profit. Additionally
 if market prices for certain ingredients decline significantly below our contracted prices
 customer pressure to reduce prices could lower revenues and operating profit.


We may be exposed to risks resulting from large retailers that could account for a significant portion of our revenue. The loss of one or more large retailers could adversely affect our financial results. These customers typically make purchase decisions based on a combination of price
 product quality
 product offerings
 consumer demand
 distribution capabilities and customer service and generally do not enter into long-term contracts. In addition
 these significant retailers may re-evaluate or refine their business practices related to inventories
 product displays
 logistics or other aspects of the customer-supplier relationship. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if revenue from one or more of these customers is significantly reduced or if the cost of complying with customers&#8217; demands is significant. If receivables from one or more of these customers become uncollectible
 our financial results may be adversely impacted.


















There are risks associated with our ability to retain key employees. If certain key employees terminate their employment
 it could negatively impact sales
 marketing or development activities. Further
 management&#8217;s attention might be diverted from operations to recruiting suitable replacements and our financial condition
 results of operations and growth prospects could be adversely affected. In addition
 we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for key employees or offer employment to potential replacements on acceptable terms.



If we are unsuccessful due to our execution
 unplanned events
 ability to manage change or unfavorable market conditions
 our financial performance could be adversely affected. If we pursue strategic acquisitions
 divestitures
 or joint ventures
 we may incur significant costs and may not be able to consummate the transactions or obtain financing.



We could be adversely affected if consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain products or ingredients. Negative publicity about these concerns
 whether or not valid
 may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause disruptions in production or distribution of our products and negatively impact our business and financial results.


If our products become adulterated
 misbranded or mislabeled
 we might need to recall those items and we may experience product liability claims if consumers are injured or become sick.
Product recalls or safety concerns could adversely impact our market share and financial results. We may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled
 contaminated or damaged. We also may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings if it is alleged that the consumption of any of our products causes injury or illness. A product recall or an adverse result in any such litigation could have an adverse effect on our operating and financial results. We may also lose customer confidence for our entire brand portfolio.



Our ability to manufacture
 distribute and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities or the supply and delivery of key inputs
 such as raw materials
 finished goods
 packaging
 labor and energy
 could impair our ability to conduct our business. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 weather
 natural disasters
 fires
 terrorism
 pandemics and strikes. Certain warehouses and manufacturing facilities may be located in areas prone to tornadoes
 hurricanes and floods. Any business disruption due to natural disasters or catastrophic events in these areas could adversely impact our business and financial results if not adequately mitigated. We also rely on a certain supplier for the manufacturing of one of our core branded products. Although we have secured back-up suppliers in the case of emergency
Also
 we increasingly rely on information technology systems to conduct our business. These systems can enhance efficiency and business processes but also present risks of unauthorized access to our networks or data centers. If unauthorized parties gain access to our systems
 they could obtain and exploit confidential business
 customer
 or employee information and harm our competitive position. Further
 these information systems may experience damage
 failures
 interruptions
 errors
 inefficiencies
 attacks or suffer from fires or natural disasters
 any of which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results if not adequately mitigated by our security measures and disaster recovery plans.


Consumers are moving away from traditional means of electronic mail towards new forms of electronic communication
 including social media. We support new ways of sharing data and communicating with customers using methods such as social networking. However
 misuse of social networking by individuals
 customers
 competitors
 or employees may result in unfavorable media attention which could negatively affect our business. Further
 our competitors are increasingly using social media networks to market and advertise products. If we are unable to compete in this environment it could adversely affect our financial results.


















We are a consumer products company operating in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. To generate revenues and profits
 we must sell products that appeal to our customers and consumers. Any significant changes in consumer preferences or any inability on our part to anticipate or react to such changes could result in reduced demand for our products and erosion of our competitive and financial position. Our success depends on the ability to respond to consumer trends
 including concerns of consumers regarding health and wellness
 obesity
 product attributes and ingredients. In addition
 changes in product category consumption or consumer demographics could result in reduced demand for our products. Consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors
 including the aging of the general population
 changes in social trends
 changes in travel
 vacation or leisure activity patterns
 or negative publicity resulting from regulatory action or litigation against companies in the snack food industry. Any of these changes may reduce consumers&#8217; willingness to purchase our products and negatively impact our financial results.


Our continued success also is dependent on product innovation
 including maintaining a robust pipeline of new products
 and the effectiveness of advertising campaigns
 marketing programs and product packaging. Although we devote significant resources to meet this goal
 there can be no assurance as to the continued ability to develop and launch successful new products or variants of existing products
 or to effectively execute advertising campaigns and marketing programs. In addition
 both the launch and ongoing success of new products and advertising campaigns are inherently uncertain
 especially as to their appeal to consumers. Further
 failure to successfully launch new products could decrease demand for existing products by negatively affecting consumer perception of existing brands
 as well as result in inventory write-offs
 trademark impairments and other costs
 all of which could negatively impact our financial results.


Our distribution network relies on a significant number of consultants
 and such reliance could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market products
 maintain existing markets and expand business into other geographic markets.
Our business relies on a significant number of consultants for the sale and distribution of our products.&#160;&#160;Our ability to recruit and maintain a network of consultants and distributors depends on a number of factors
 many of which are outside of our control. Some of these factors include: (i) the level of demand for the brands and products which are available in a particular distribution area; (ii) the ability to price products at levels competitive with those offered by other competing producers; and (iii) the ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time ordered by companies and retailers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate the risks related to all or any of these factors in any of the current or prospective geographic areas of distribution. To the extent that any of these factors have an adverse effect on the relationships with consultants
 companies or retailers in a particular geographic area and
 thus
 limit our ability to maintain and expand the sales market
 revenues and financial results may be adversely impacted.





We will maintain trademarks and other intellectual property rights
 which are important to our success and competitive position
 and the loss of or our inability to enforce trademark and other proprietary intellectual property rights could harm our business. We will devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and other proprietary intellectual property rights on a worldwide basis. Efforts to establish and protect trademarks and other proprietary intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation of products by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products. In addition
 the laws and enforcement mechanisms of some foreign countries may not allow for the protection of proprietary rights to the same extent as in the United States and other countries.


















The net carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities
 and the net carrying value of other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks
 customer relationships and other acquired intangibles. Pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 we are required to perform impairment tests on our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually or at any time when events occur which could impact the value of our reporting units or our indefinite-lived intangibles. These values depend on a variety of factors
 including the success of our business
 market conditions
 earnings growth and expected cash flows. Impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets may be caused by factors outside our control
 such as increasing competitive pricing pressures; changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital or lower than expected sales and profit growth rates. Significant and unanticipated changes could require a non-cash charge for impairment in a future period which may significantly affect our financial results in the period of such charge.



Food production and marketing are highly regulated by a variety of federal
 state and other governmental agencies. New or increased government regulation of the food industry
 including but not limited to areas related to food safety
 chemical composition
 production processes
 traceability
 product quality
 packaging
 labeling
 school lunch guidelines
 promotions
 marketing and advertising (particularly such communications that are directed toward children)
 product recalls
 records
 storage and distribution could adversely impact our results of operations by increasing production costs or restricting our methods of operation and distribution. These regulations may address food industry or society factors
 such as obesity
 nutritional and environmental concerns and diet trends.


A significant portion of our outstanding shares of common stock is controlled by a few individuals
 and their interests may conflict with those of other stockholders.
The founders
 William M. Alverson and his wife
 Katherine T. West Alverson
 beneficially owned a majority of the outstanding common stock of the Company. Mrs. Alverson currently serves as the Chairman of the Board. As a result
 she may be able to exercise significant influence over the Company and certain matters requiring approval of its stockholders
 including the approval of significant corporate transactions
 such as a merger or other sale of the Company or its assets. This could limit the ability of other stockholders of the Company to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control of the Company. In addition
 Mrs. Alverson may have actual or potential interests that diverge from the interests of the other stockholders of the Company. Sales by Mrs. Alverson
 or other majority shareholders
 of their shares into the public market
 or the perception that such sales could occur
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.



As a publicly traded company
 we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221; and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or the &#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#8221;. In addition
 the Exchange Act requires that we file annual
 quarterly and current reports. Our failure to prepare and disclose this information in a timely manner could subject us to penalties under federal securities laws
 expose us to lawsuits and restrict our ability to access financing. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we
 among other things
 establish and maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. From time to time we evaluate our existing internal controls in light of the standards adopted by the Public company Accounting Oversight Board. It is possible that we or our independent registered public accounting firm may identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure or difficulties in implementing and maintaining these controls could cause us to fail to meet the periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements.


Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our failure to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 on a timely basis could result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements
 which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business and our common stock.


We are
 and in the future may be
 subject to legal or administrative actions that could adversely affect our results of operations and our business.
On July 24
 2014
 the Company
In the Matter of PEI Worldwide and Certain Other Issuers
&#160; The Company has no knowledge of PEI Worldwide.&#160;&#160;The SEC&#8217;s subpoena and accompanying letter do not indicate whether the Company (or its Chairman and CFO
 respectively) is
 or is not
 under investigation.&#160;&#160;The Company has contacted the SEC&#8217;s staff regarding the subpoenas
 and the Company is cooperating with the SEC.&#160;&#160;Also
 in July
 2014
 the Company's former Chairman who resigned in January
 2014
 was charged by the U.S. Attorney's Office and pled not guilty to the violation of 15 U.S.C. Sections 77e and 77x (Illegal Sales of Unregistered Securities) and 18 U.S.C. Section 2 (Aiding and Abetting and Causing an Act to be Done).
















Legal and administrative actions are inherently uncertain
 and there is no assurance as to the outcome of the SEC investigation described above. We could incur substantial legal fees and other expenses in connection with these matters
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. These matters also may distract the time and attention of our officers and directors or divert our other resources away from our ongoing commercial and development programs. An unfavorable outcome in any of these matters could damage our business and reputation or result in additional claims or proceedings against us.



We have decided to change our business strategy and as a result of that process which has not been completed yet and we virtually have no financial resources. We had a cash balance of $1.815 as of June 30
 2014. We had no revenues during the year ended&#160;June 30
 2014. Our independent registered auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial statements as of and for the period year ended June 30
 2014 that states that Company losses from operations raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. We will seek additional financing in the future.&#160;&#160;Financing sought may be in the form of equity or debt financing from various sources as yet unidentified. Most if not all of our efforts have been spent on our change of business strategy and developing our new business plan
 however
 we will seek necessary additional financing to pursue our business and growth plans. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain the necessary financing to continue as a going concern.


Our internal controls may be inadequate
 which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public.
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)
 internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:




provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Our internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective
 which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision.


















Our board of directors has authority
 without action or vote of the shareholders
 to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued common shares. Such issuances may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management and the interests of existing management which may not be the same as the interests of other shareholders. Our ability to issue shares without shareholder approval serves to enhance existing management&#8217;s ability to maintain control of our company.



The trading of our securities is on the OTCBB as maintained by FINRA and the OTCQB as maintained by the OTC Markets Group. As a result
 an investor may find it difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of our securities.


Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a &#8220;penny stock
&#8221; for purposes relevant to us
 as any equity security that has a minimum bid price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to a limited number of exceptions which are not available to us. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be penny stocks for the immediate foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects any market liquidity for our common stock.


For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
 sets forth: the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination
 and that the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.


Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions&#8217; payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Additionally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.


Because of these regulations
 broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities.


Because we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures
 our stockholders have limited protection against interested director transactions
 conflicts of interest and similar matters.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC
 the New York and American Stock Exchanges and the Nasdaq Stock Market
 as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley
 require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with such compliance any sooner than legally required
 we have not yet adopted these measures.


Because none of our directors (currently two persons) are independent directors
 we do not currently have an independent audit or a compensation committee. As a result
 directors have the ability
 among other things
 to determine their own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures
 regardless of whether such compliance is required
 the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions
 conflicts of interest
 if any
 and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations.

















We intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However
 we may find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers
 directors and members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles.








The Company gave up its leased office space in Jupiter
 Florida
 in January 2014 and acquired a new office lease for one year in Newport Beach
 California. We maintain our executive and administrative offices at this address.&#160;&#160;Our current facility lease runs from January 2014 and can be extended on a month to month basis. Our lease payments are $1
439 per month including operating expense and tax.




The Company has not invested in any real property at this time
 nor does the Company intend to do so. The Company has no formal policy with respect to investments in real estate or investments with persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.




In 2011 Siesta Flow LLC filed a legal action against the Company in the Twelfth Circuit Court of Sarasota County
 Florida
 alleging breach of contract and seeking damages in the amount of $92
000 plus costs. In April
 2012
 the court issued a final summary judgment against the Company in the total amount of $95
500.&#160;On April 27
 2012
 the court issued an order to approve a settlement of the judgment issued against the Company.&#160;According to the terms of the approved settlement
 a third party and a non-party to the legal action against the Company
 agreed to purchase the claim of Siesta Flow LLC. in the amount of $75
000 and additional claims against the Company from other parties
 for a total amount of $95
500 in exchange for the issuance of 19
100
000 shares of common stock by the Company
 subject to certain limitations on the issuance of such shares set forth in settlement.


In June of 2013
 a former officer of the Company filed a lawsuit against the Company and its President and directors alleging several counts
 including a breach of contract and fiduciary duty
 and seeking damages in the amount of $122
300 and other unspecified damages.&#160;&#160;The Company considers the lawsuit without any merit and will defend it vigorously.&#160;&#160;On September 18
 2013
 the plaintiff filed a motion to compel early mediation.&#160;&#160;In February 2014 the parties attended a settlement conference; however
 no settlement could be reached. As of June 30
 2014 the case was still pending (see Note 5 

















On October 8
 2014
 a former Director pled not guilty to charges by the U.S. Attorney&#8217;s office of 15 U.S.C. Sections 77e and 77x (Illegal Sales of Unregistered Securities) and 18 U.S.C. Section 2 (Aiding and Abetting and Causing an Act to be Done). The alleged violation pertains to January
 2012 when the Director caused the Company to issue shares of common stock pursuant to the Company's 2010 Equity Compensation Plan
 as amended
 registered on the registration statement on Form S-8
 purportedly for certain consulting services provided to the Company.&#160;&#160;According to the charges
 the actual intended purpose of such stock issuances was to raise capital for the Company through the sale of its stock. Shares registered on Form S-8 cannot be used by the issuer to raise capital for the issuer or to promote the issuer's stock price and are limited for the issuance to the issuer's employees
 consultants
 and advisors for bona fide services to the company.&#160;&#160;Our current management was not involved
 had no knowledge of these allegations
 and is conducting a thorough review and investigation of its policies and compliance procedures to discover any deficiencies in its internal controls (see Note 5 


On July 24
 2014
 A&amp;M Acquisitions LLC
 obtained a judgment against the Company
 and defendants Katherine West and William Alverson
 for default of the remainder of the Florida office lease through July 2016 in the amount of $181
968 including attorney&#8217;s fees of $1
488 (see Note 5 


On July 24
 2014
 the Company
In the Matter of PEI Worldwide and Certain Other Issuers
 and that the subpoena was issued to the Company
 its Chairman and CFO as part of the foregoing investigation.&#160;&#160; The Company has no knowledge of PEI Worldwide.&#160;&#160;The SEC&#8217;s subpoena and accompanying letter do not indicate whether the Company (or its Chairman and CFO
 respectively) is
 or is not
 under investigation.&#160;&#160;The Company has contacted the SEC&#8217;s staff regarding the subpoenas
 and the Company is cooperating with the SEC.








ITEM 5.&#160;&#160;MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




Our common stock trades on FINRA's over-the-counter market
 the Bulletin Board under the symbol SNAX. Our common stock has been trading under that symbol since the reverse merger with Time Associates
 Inc. on October 5
 2010.&#160;&#160;As of June 30
 2014 there were 208 holders of our common stock and the closing price of our common stock as of was $2.50 per share.&#160;&#160;


As of October 1
 2012
 we effected a reverse stock split of 1-to-50 of our common stock. On October 4
 2013
 the Company changed its name to SnackHealthy, Inc. and dissolved its wholly-owned subsidiary SnackHealthy
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation.&#160;&#160;As of October 28
 2013
 we effected a further reverse stock split of 1-to-100 of our common stock. All shares and per share amounts in the accompanying financial statements of the Company have been retroactively adjusted to give the effects of said reverse stock splits.



























































































































































































































The Company does not expect to pay any dividends at this time. The payment of dividends
 if any
 will be contingent upon the Company's revenues and earnings
 if any
 capital requirements
 and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors and may be subject to restrictions under the terms of any debt or other financing arrangements that the Company may enter into in the future. The Company presently intends to retain all earnings
 if any
 for use in the Company's business operations and accordingly
 the Board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.




During the quarter ended March 31
 2012
 the Company issued 240
071 shares of common stock for services valued at $0.14 per share for a total of $33
610 and 485
000 shares of common stock for services valued at $0.13 per share for a total of $63
050.&#160;&#160;


During the quarter ended June 30
 2012
 the Company issued 4
000
000 shares of common stock for services valued at $0.12 per share for a total of $480
000; a total of 60
000 shares of common stock for services valued at $0.07 per share for a total of $4
200; and a total of 36
653
568 shares for a debt conversion valued at $0.05 per share for a total of $1
649
410.&#160;&#160;




In fiscal year ended June 30
 2013
 the Company issued certain number of shares as set forth below pursuant to the order of the Circuit Court of the Twelfth Judicial Circuit
 Florida
 in the settlement of the lawsuit against the Company by Siesta Flow
 LLC.
 in the amount&#160;of&#160;$95
196 in exchange for the issuance of a total of 19
100
000 shares of common stock (the Settlement Shares) to a purchaser of the judgment claim
 subject to certain limitations.&#160;&#160;In the quarter ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 350
000 shares of common stock; in the quarter ended March 31
 2013
 the Company issued 13
450
000 shares of common stock
 and in the quarter ended June 30
 2013
 the Company issued 584
000 shares of common stock of the Settlement Shares (see also Note 6 to the Company's Financial Statements).


The shares of the Company's common stock were issued in reliance upon the exemption provided by 3(a)(10) and Section 4(2) and Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933 respectively. Appropriate investment representations were obtained and the securities were issued with restrictive legends
 as applicable.


During the three months ended September 30
 2013 the company issued 1
333
333 common shares in payment of shareholder loans ($120
000) and 22
666
667 common shares for Directors compensation ($2
040
000).


During the&#160;three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued a total of 5
001
233 shares of common stock valued at $29
448
962 in settlement of shareholder loans and in settlement of directors' fees payable as described in Note 6. 





During the six months ended June 30
 2014 there were no unregistered sales of equity securities of the Company.


























As a &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221;
 we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.







This document contains &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; for purposes of federal and state securities laws
 including any projections of earnings
 revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans
 strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may include the words &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect&#8221; or &#8220;anticipate&#8221; and any other similar words.&#160;&#160;Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable
 actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations
 as well as any forward-looking&#160;statements
 are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties
 such as those disclosed or incorporated by reference in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Important factors that could cause our actual results
 performance and achievements
 or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in our forward- looking statements include
 among others
 the following:


















our relationship with
 and our ability to influence the actions of
 our brand partners;



























































regulatory matters governing our products
 including potential governmental or regulatory actions concerning the safety or efficacy of our products
 and network marketing program including the direct selling market in which we operate;



















risks associated with&#160;operating internationally and the effect of economic factors
 including foreign exchange
 inflation
 pricing and currency devaluation risks;



































































































uncertainties relating to the application of transfer pricing
 duties
 value added taxes
 and other tax regulations
 and changes thereto;









changes in tax laws
 treaties or regulations
 or their interpretation; 









any collateral impact resulting from the ongoing worldwide financial &#8220;crisis
&#8221; including the availability of liquidity to us
 our customers and our suppliers or the willingness of our customers to purchase products in a recessionary economic environment; and














Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including under the heading &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes.

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date hereof
 and forward- looking statements in documents attached that are incorporated by reference speak only as of the date of those documents. We do not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement or to report any events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events
 except as required by law.



As a development stage snack food company we have been primarily engaged in developing our infrastructure and our product portfolio of snacks and beverage mixes which were designed to help people achieve and maintain their healthy weight.&#160;&#160;We commenced sales of two products from our product lines in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011 and had net revenue of $314
980 for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2012.


During 2013
 we began to implement our strategic plan
 which provides for future growth of our existing core brands through a new expanded distribution method
 innovation and advertising. Our primary focus was on decreasing general and administrative costs associated with network marketing and improving sales and profit margins through pricing strategies and enhanced packaging and product configuration. To accomplish this we began the process of winding down the network marketing sales in order to better position the Company to serve retailers and ultimately
 the end consumer. We completed this project in the last quarter of fiscal 2013 and the Company is now prepared to focus on mass retail distribution.

















To more effectively facilitate the process of shifting to retail distribution
 in November 2013
 Richard Damion joined our Company as the acting chief executive officer. He was then approved by the Board of Directors as the Company's CEO in January
 2014.&#160;&#160;Since the hiring of Mr. Damion
 the Company has focused on the export of branded organic and natural food products mainly in Asia with a niche focus of providing safe
 organic and all-natural dairy products to satisfy the growing demands of Asian consumers. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2014
 the Company launched an organic
 GMO-free line of gourmet pork sausage. We generated no revenues during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2014.


Healthient
 a division of SnackHealthy
 Inc. will continue to focus on providing organic
 natural and gourmet food products to large retailers and club stores in the U.S. The Company recently completed development of a unique &#8220;better for you&#8221; beverage that we plan to introduce in early 2015. The product
 with super antioxidant status
 is a unique blend of fruits and spices
 offering extraordinary health benefits and great taste. While there can be no assurance
 management believes that this strategy will ultimately prove successful.


SnackHealthy is a virtual company with a focus on staying lean through the use of cloud based technologies
 maintaining low overhead
 subcontracting services
 creating sales through commissioned brokers
 developing products through reputable co-packers and keeping little to no inventory except for use in sales and business development activities.


Industry wide factors that affect us include the increasing prevalence of obesity in adults and children and food safety
 which are driving the demand for healthier snacking alternatives worldwide.







The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary SnackHealthy
 Inc. until its dissolution effective October 4
 2013.&#160;All significant inter&#8211;company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.











The carrying value of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and due to related parties
 as reported in the accompanying balance sheets
 approximates fair value.




In accordance with ASC 350
 the Company regularly reviews the carrying value of intangible and other long-lived assets for the existence of facts or circumstances
 both internally and externally
 that may suggest impairment. If impairment testing indicates a lack of recoverability
 an impairment loss is recognized by the Company if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.





The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




















Revenue is recognized when products are shipped
 which is when title and risk of loss pass to vendors or retailers who are the Company&#8217;s customers. The Company requires payment at the point of sale. The Company has determined that no allowance for doubtful accounts is necessary. Amounts received prior to shipment and title passage to are recorded as deferred revenue. The Company generally does not provide rebates or selling discounts to vendors or retailers who purchase its products and services. The Company classifies selling discounts and rebates
 if any
 as a reduction of revenue.





Inventory comprises packaged healthy snacks
 food and beverage items ready for final sale
 and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined by the first-in
 first out method.




Property and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated on the straight line method over the estimated life of the asset
 which is 3-7 years.





Costs incurred in the planning state of a websites are expensed
 while costs incurred in the development stage are capitalized and amortized over the estimated three year life of the asset. The drink license is also being amortized over three years.





The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&#8220;ASC 740-10-25&#8221;) Income Taxes.&#160;&#160;Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&#160;&#160;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.&#160;&#160;Under ASC 740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.




The financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company had a net loss of $29
998
421 during the year ended June 30
 2014. Cash used in operations for the year approximated $144
000. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company&#8217;s ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan.


However
 there can be no assurance that the raising of equity will be successful. Failure to achieve the needed equity funding could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



In December 2004
 the FASB issued FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718
.&#160;&#160;Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans.&#160;&#160;As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair value.&#160;&#160;Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant.&#160;&#160;The Company applies this statement prospectively.

















Equity instruments (&#8220;instruments&#8221;) issued to other than employees are recorded on the basis of the fair value of the instruments
 as required by FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718.&#160; FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 505
 defines the measurement date and recognition period for such instruments.&#160; In general
 the measurement date is when either a (a) performance commitment
 as defined
 is reached or (b) the earlier of (i) the non-employee performance is complete or (ii) the instruments are vested. The measured value related to the instruments is recognized over a period based on the facts and circumstances of each particular grant as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.




Net Loss per Common Share is computed pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 260



At June 30
 2014 the Company had 4
716
000 common shares remaining to be issued in satisfaction of the settlement agreement. These shares have not been included in the number diluted shares because their effect would be anti-dilutive as the Company realized losses all periods presented in these financial statements.





We have reviewed all the recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company's financial condition or the results of its operations.



&#8220;Net sales

 represent what we collect and recognize as net revenues in our financial statements.

&#8220;cost of sales

 duties and tariffs
 expenses relating to shipment of products to customers and importers and similar expenses.

consist of commissions
 overrides and production bonuses.

consist of net sales
 less cost of sales and selling fees.

represent our operating expenses
 components of which include labor and benefits
 sales and marketing events
 professional fees
 travel and entertainment
 marketing
 occupancy costs
 communication costs
 bank fees
 depreciation and amortization and other miscellaneous operating expenses.




Our results of operations for the periods below are not necessarily indicative of results of operations for future periods
 which depend on numerous factors
 including our ability to open new markets
 further penetrate existing markets
 introduce new products and programs that will help increase our retail efforts and develop niche markets.

















The Year Ended June 30
 2014 compared to the Year Ended June 30
 2013




The Company has begun the process of revising&#160;its sales method from network marketing sales through individual brand partners to direct&#160;to consumer and retail sales at the end of its fiscal year June 30
 2013. As such
 the Company had no revenues during the year ended June 30
 2014 as compared to $161
954 during the year ended June 30
 2013
 during which the Company sold its products through network marketing.




As the Company had no revenues during the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company recognized no cost of sales during the year ended June 30
 2014. The Company's cost of revenues for the year ended June 30
 2013 was $105
672.




The Company recognized no gross profit or loss in the year ended June 30
 2014 as compared to gross profit of $56
262 for the year ended June 30
 2013 due to the revision in the Company&#8217;s sales method described above.





As the Company had no revenues during the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company recognized no selling expenses during the year ended June 30
 2014. By comparison
 the Company incurred selling expenses of $19
952 for the year ended June 30
 2013.




General and administrative expenses comprised the following for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013.
































11
276







46
883









67
500





90
000









162
359





149
988









67
815





356
165









53
152















20
759





55
207









13
177





12
181









15
265





21
456









3
663





8
240









1
400





54
384









40
163





62
832









2
827





3
250









10
702





14
049









468
658







874
635





















General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and benefits to our general management
 finance and administrative staff
 professional advisor fees
 audit fees and other expenses incurred in connection with general operations.&#160;&#160;Our general and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30
 2014&#160;were $405
977 less than for the year ended June 30
 2013 primarily due to reductions in salaries
 professional fees
 and technology costs and in general
 all other costs offset by increases in independent contractors expense and expenses related to the closing of the network marketing sales model.





The Company gave up its leased office space in Jupiter
 Florida in January 2014
 and acquired a new office lease in Newport Beach
 California. The Florida leaseholder obtained a judgment in the amount of $181
968 for the remainder of the monthly lease payments through June 2016 pursuant to the terms of the lease agreement plus legal fees of $1
487. The Company has recorded the full amount of the judgment. However
 the Company believes that if the facility is re-leased the Company may not have to pay the full amount of the judgment. Upon the leaseholder's execution of a new lease with a new tenant
 the Company plans to file for the release of the amount of the judgment over and above the actual loss incurred by the leaseholder. There is no guarantee the property will be re-leased or that such a filing will be successful or that the Company will be able to mitigate its loss in this way.





During the year ended June 30
 2014 liabilities totaling $675
854 were settled through the issuance of 5
262
The liabilities settled for this issuance of common stock comprises shareholder loans of $442
001
 directors&#8217; fees payable of $180
000 and accounts payable of $53
853.


The fair market value of the 5
292
822 shares issued
 based on the market price on the date of issuance
 was $30
023
Consequently
 we recognized a non-cash loss on the settlement of these liabilities of $29
347
795 as compared to a non-cash loss of $5
799
500 on the issuance of 143
840 shares used to settle liabilities in the year ended June 30
 2013.




We incurred taxable losses both during the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013 and consequently no liability to taxation was incurred.





The net loss for the year ended June 30
 2014 was $29
998
421 as compared to $6
637
805 for the year ended June 30
 2013 due to factors described above.



The Company had a cash&#160;balance of&#160;$1
815 at June 30
 2014 and a working capital deficit as follows:













3
592









381
443











(383
851








The Company had a net loss of $29
998
421 during the year ended June 30
 2014. Cash used in operations for the year approximated $144
000. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.








However
 there can be no assurance that the raising of equity will be successful. Failure to achieve the needed equity funding could have a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern


During the year ended June 30
 2014
 our principal use of cash was to fund operating expenses.&#160;&#160;As we go forward with our new business strategy our future uses of cash will include selling expenses
 inventory purchases as well as capital expenditures and the development of operations in new markets.


During the twelve months ended June 30
 2014
 the Company's expenses were paid by a shareholder out of their own bank account. Accordingly there was no movement in the Company's own bank account during the year.



In the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company used $144
278 for operating activities as compared to $157
262 for the year ended June 30
 2013.&#160;&#160;Our cash flows from operating activities have been significantly impacted by the winding down of our network marketing sales model in order to better position the Company to serve retailers and ultimately
 the end consumer.


















During the year ended June 30
 2014
 we neither used
 nor generated
 cash from investing activities. By comparison in the year ended June 30
 2013 we used $595 in the purchase of furniture and office equipment.



In the year ended June 30
 2014
 net cash provided by financing activities was $144
278 as compared to $172
005 for the year ended June 30
 2013. In both periods funds were provided to us as non-interest bearing loans from a shareholder.


However
 there can be no assurance that the raising of equity will be successful. Failure to achieve the needed equity funding could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



At June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013
 we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.





As a Smaller Reporting Company
 as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10 (f) (1) of Regulation S-K
 we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information&#160;&#160;requested by this Item.






SnackHealthy
 Inc.&#160;
(formerly Healthient
 Inc.)



















Consolidated&#160;Balance Sheets&#160;as&#160;at June 30
 2014 and 2013






Consolidated&#160;Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013






Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Deficit for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013






Consolidated&#160; Statements of&#160;Cash Flows for the years ended June 30
 2014and 2013






Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements&#160;for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013






























(Formerly Healthient
 Inc.)
Newport Beach
 California


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Snackhealthy
 Inc. (formerly Healthient
 Inc.)&#160;&#160;as of June 30
 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
The financial statements as of June 30
 2103 and for the year then ended were audited by another auditor who expressed an unqualified opinion on September 26
 2013.


We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Snackhealthy
 Inc. (formerly Healthient
 Inc.) as of June 30
 2014
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.






CUTLER &amp; CO.
 LLC


Arvada
 Colorado
October 22
 2014

















RONALD R. CHADWICK
 P.C.

2851 South Parker Road
 Suite 720
Aurora
 Colorado&#160;&#160;80014







Healthient
 Inc.

Jupiter
 Florida

I have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Healthient
 Inc.&#160;as of June 30
 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit.

I conducted my audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.&#160;&#160;I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis for my opinion.

In my opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Healthient
 Inc. as of June 30
 2013
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.







Aurora
 Colorado


/s/ Ronald R. Chadwick
 P.C.



September 26
 2013


RONALD R. CHADWICK
 P.C.




















SnackHealthy
 Inc.

(formerly Healthient
 Inc.)























30
 2014


30
 2013









































1
815



1
815











50
964







1
777



11
226







3
592



64
005

































37
576







10
809



13
723







10
809



51
299





























1
250



3
750

















15
651



119
054



















































43
745



105
019







181
968











3
565



3
565



















67
500



180
000







84
637



382
260







381
443



670
883

















381
443



670
883















































Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value 25
000
000 authorized: No shares issued











Common stock
 $0.001 par value: 200
000
000 shares authorized 5
467
380 and 174
606 shares issued and outstanding at June 30
 2014 and 2013 respectively



5
468











47
712
064



17
532
898







(48
083
324 



(18
084
902 







(365
792 



(551
829 

















15
651



119
054




























SnackHealthy
 Inc.



(formerly Healthient
 Inc.)















For the Year ended June 30
 2014




For the Year ended June 30
 2013




















161
954





















105
672











56
282











































19
952







468
658



874
635







181
968











29
347
795



5
799
500







29
998
421



6
694
087

















(29
998
421 



(6
637
805 







































(29
998
421 



(6
637
805 







































(29
998
421



(6
637
805







































3
700
712



54
199


























SnackHealthy
 Inc.
(formerly Healthient
 Inc.)


























































































Balance June 30
 2012



22
897







9
510
516



(11
447
098



(1
936
559















(54
136 







(54
136 







3
892







166
716







166
720







143
840







7
562
356







7
562
500







4
075







347
446







347
450



















(6
637
805 



(6
637
805 



Balance June 30
&#160;&#160;2013



174
606







17
532
898



(18
084
903 



(551
830 







29
666







160
781







160
810







251
875







639
434







639
686







5
010
947



5
011



29
378
952







29
383
963











































(29
998
421 



(29
998
421



Balance June 30
 2014



5
467
380



5
467



47
712
065



(48
083
324



(365
792





(1) As restated for the October 1
 2012 50:1 and October 28
 2013 100:1 reverse splits.

























SnackHealthy
 Inc.



(formerly Healthient
 Inc.)














For the Year ended June 30
 2014




For the Year ended June 30
 2013


















(29
998
421



(6
637
806



















2
914



3
250







40
076



62
832







29
347
795



5
843
500







160
810



447
809



















50
964



84
522







67
500



90
000







9
448















(1
461 



















174
646



(50
193 







(144
278 



(157
262 











































































144
278



172
005







144
278



172
005





















14
148

















1
815



(12
333 

















1
815



1
815





























160
810



447
809







180
000











53
853



12
225







442
001











7
562
500




















































SNACKHEALTHY
 INC.
(FORMERLY HEALTHIENT
 INC.)

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
&#160;2014 AND 2013





On October 5
 2010 Time Associates (the Company)
 a Nevada corporation
 acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Healthient
 Inc. (Healthient)
 a Nevada corporation organized April 29
 2009
 in exchange for the issuance by the Company of a total of 43
618
356 newly issued restricted shares of common voting stock to the Healthient shareholders pursuant the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of September 23
 2010. Prior to the issuance of the shares
 the Company had 160
078 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Subsequent to the exchange there were 43
778
434 shares issued and outstanding. The shareholders of Healthient owned 99.6% of the common stock outstanding of the Company after the issuance of the 43
618
356 shares. On November 15
 2010 Time Associates
 Inc. name was changed to Healthient
 Inc.


The acquisition of Healthient by the Company on October 5
 2010 has been accounted for as a purchase and treated as a reverse acquisition and re-capitalization since the former owners of Healthient controlled 99.6% of the total shares of common stock of the Company outstanding immediately following the acquisition. In November 2010
 Healthient
 Inc. changed its name to SnackHealthy
 Inc.


On October 4
 2013
 the Company changed its name to SnackHealthy, Inc. and dissolved its wholly-owned subsidiary SnackHealthy
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation.

On this basis
 the historical financial statements prior to October 5
 2010 have been restated to be those of the accounting acquirer Healthient (now SnackHealthy
 Inc.). The historical stockholders' equity prior to the reverse acquisition has been retroactively restated (a re-capitalization) for the equivalent number of shares received in the acquisition after giving effect to any difference in par value of the issuer's and acquirer's stock. The original 160
078 shares of common stock outstanding prior to the exchange reorganization have been reflected as an addition in the stockholders' equity account of the Company on October 5
 2010.


SnackHealthy
 Inc. markets and distributes organic and all-natural healthy food products. The Company offers a portfolio of healthy foods and beverages that are organic
 all-natural
 low-calorie
 and free from artificial sweeteners; created for consumption over several eating occasions daily. SnackHealthy continues to pursue its mission of developing and distributing great tasting nutritious snacks
 and beverages under the SnackHealthy brand. Healthient
 a division of SnackHealthy
 Inc. plans to focus on providing organic
 natural and gourmet food products to large retailers and club stores in the U.S.









Certain amounts previously presented for prior year have been reclassified. The reclassifications had no effect on net loss
 total assets
 or shareholders' deficit.


The carrying value of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and due to related parties
 as reported in the accompanying balance sheets
 approximates fair value.

















In accordance with ASC 350
 the Company regularly reviews the carrying value of intangible and other long-lived assets for the existence of facts or circumstances
 both internally and externally
 that may suggest impairment. If impairment testing indicates a lack of recoverability
 an impairment loss is recognized by the Company if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



Revenue is recognized when products are shipped
 which is when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. The Company classifies selling discounts and rebates
 if any
 as a reduction of revenue.



Inventory comprises packaged healthy snacks ready for final sale
 and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined by the first-in
 first-out method.



Property and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated on the straight line method over the estimated life of the asset
 which is three to seven years.



Costs incurred in the planning state of a websites are expensed
 while costs incurred in the development stage are capitalized and amortized over the estimated three year life of the asset.







The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&#8220;ASC 740-10-25&#8221;) Income Taxes.&#160;&#160;Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&#160;&#160;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.&#160;&#160;Under ASC 740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.


The financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company had a net loss of $29
998
421 during the year ended June 30
 2014. Cash used in operations for the year approximated $144
000. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company&#8217;s ability to raise additional capital and to successfully implement its business plan.





However
 there can be no assurance that the raising of equity will be successful. Failure to achieve the needed equity funding could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


















In December 2004
 the FASB issued FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718
.&#160;&#160;Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans.&#160;&#160;As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair value.&#160;&#160;Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant.&#160;&#160;The Company applies this statement prospectively.


Equity instruments (&#8220;instruments&#8221;) issued to other than employees are recorded on the basis of the fair value of the instruments
 as required by FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 718.&#160; FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 505
 defines the measurement date and recognition period for such instruments.&#160; In general
 the measurement date is when either a (a) performance commitment
 as defined
 is reached or (b) the earlier of (i) the non-employee performance is complete or (ii) the instruments are vested. The measured value related to the instruments is recognized over a period based on the facts and circumstances of each particular grant as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.



Net Loss per Common Share is computed pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 260



At June 30
 2014 the Company had 4
716
000 common shares remaining to be issued in satisfaction of the settlement agreement. These shares have not been included in the number diluted shares because their effect would be anti-dilutive as the Company realized losses all periods presented in these financial statements.



The Company has reviewed all recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.


The Company started the construction of several websites
 all of which have been completed and are being amortized over three years. Computers and furniture are being depreciated over three to seven years.











June 30
 2014




June 30
 2013











181
008







181
008









181
008





143
432





























37
576





















22
165







22
165









11
356





8
442





















10
809







13
723













June 30
 2014




June 30
 2013











7
500







7
500









6
250





3
750





















1
250







3
750





























The Company gave up its leased office space in Jupiter
 Florida in January 2014
 and acquired a new office lease in Newport Beach
 California. The Florida leaseholder obtained a judgment in the amount of $181
968 for the remainder of the monthly lease payments through June 2016 pursuant to the terms of the lease agreement plus legal fees of $1
487. The Company has recorded the full amount of the judgment
 however believes that when the facility is re-leased it may not have to pay the full amount. Upon the leaseholder&#8217;s execution of a new lease with a new tenant
 the Company plans to file for the release of the amount of the judgment over and above the actual loss incurred by the leaseholder. There is no guarantee the property will be re-leased or that such a filing will be successful and that the Company will be able to mitigate its loss in this way.


The Company&#8217;s Newport Beach
 California lease term is one year commencing January 2014 at the rate of $1
439 per month.

The Company has not invested in any real property at this time
 nor does the Company intend to do so. The Company has no formal policy with respect to investments in real estate or investments with persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.



In 2011 Siesta Flow LLC filed a legal action against the Company in the Twelfth Circuit Court of Sarasota County
 Florida
 alleging breach of contract and seeking damages in the amount of 92
000 plus costs. In April
 2012
 the court has issued final summary judgment against the Company in the total amount of $95
500.&#160; On April 27
 2012
 the court issued an order to approve a settlement of the judgment issued against the Company.&#160; According to the terms of the approved settlement
 a third party and a non-party to the legal action against the Company
 agreed to purchase the claim of Siesta Flow LLC. in the amount of $75
000 and additional claims against the Company from other parties
 for a total amount of $95
500 in exchange for the issuance of 19
100
000 shares of common stock by the Company
 subject to certain limitations on the issuance of such shares set forth in settlement. The Company has recorded the settlement agreement at the market price of the stock on the date of issuance.


During the year ended June 30
 2013
 the Company issued 14
384
000 shares of common stock with a market value of $7
562
500 in payment of the settlement. $1
719
000 was in satisfaction of the settlement payable and $5
843
000 was recognized as a loss on the settlement of this liability
 which was netted to $5
799
000 by forgiven amounts of $44
000. At June 30
 2014 there is a balance of 4
716
000 common shares remaining to be issued under the settlement agreement. Under the agreement
 the shares can be drawn upon at any time
 provided that the number of shares of common stock of the Company beneficially owned by the purchaser of the Siesta Flow LLC's claim does not exceed 9.99%. 


In June of 2013
 a former officer of the Company filed a lawsuit against the Company and its President and directors alleging several counts
 including a breach of contract and fiduciary duty
 and seeking damages in the amount of $122
300 and other unspecified damages.&#160;&#160;The Company considers the lawsuit without any merit and will defend it vigorously.&#160;&#160;On September 18
 2013
 the plaintiff filed a motion to compel early mediation.&#160;&#160;In February 2014 the parties attended a settlement conference; however
 no settlement could be reached. As of June 30
 2014 the case was still pending.


On October 8
 2014
 a former Director pled not guilty to charges by the U.S. Attorney&#8217;s office of 15 U.S.C. Sections 77e and 77x (Illegal Sales of Unregistered Securities) and 18 U.S.C. Section 2 (Aiding and Abetting and Causing an Act to be Done). The alleged violation pertains to January
 2012 when the Director caused the Company to issue shares of common stock pursuant to the Company's 2010 Equity Compensation Plan
 as amended
 registered on the registration statement on Form S-8
 purportedly for certain consulting services provided to the Company.&#160;&#160;According to the charges
 the actual intended purpose of such stock issuances was to raise capital for the Company through the sale of its stock. Shares registered on Form S-8 cannot be used by the issuer to raise capital for the issuer or to promote the issuer's stock price and are limited for the issuance to the issuer's employees
 consultants
 and advisors for bona fide services to the company. Our current management was not involved
 had no knowledge of these allegations
 and is conducting a thorough review and investigation of its policies and compliance procedures to discover any deficiencies in its internal controls.

















On July 24
 2014
 the Company
In the Matter of PEI Worldwide and Certain Other Issuers
 and that the subpoena was issued to the Company
 its Chairman and CFO as part of the foregoing investigation.&#160;&#160; The Company has no knowledge of PEI Worldwide.&#160;&#160;The SEC&#8217;s subpoena and accompanying letter do not indicate whether the Company (or its Chairman and CFO
 respectively) is
 or is not
 under investigation.&#160;&#160;The Company has contacted the SEC&#8217;s staff regarding the subpoenas
 and the Company is cooperating with the SEC.



The Company has authorized 200
000
000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 and 25
000
000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001.


On October 1
 2012 and October 28
 2013
 the Company effected respectively a 50 to 1 and a 100 to 1 reverse split of its common stock that has been reflected in the Stockholders&#8217; Deficit.


During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company issued a total of 5
292
774 shares of common stock valued at $30
184
439 as follows:



































2
231
596







13
523
547









261
875





654
687









29
666





160
610









2
769
351





15
925
415























5
292
774







30
264
259









At December 31
 2013 the Company had a balance of 4
716
000 common shares remaining to be issued in satisfaction of the settlement agreement. Under the agreement
 the shares can be drawn upon at any time
 provided that the number of shares of common stock of the Company beneficially owned by the purchaser of the Siesta Flow LLC's claim does not exceed 9.99%. 



The Company accounts for non-employee stock options and warrants under ASC 718
 whereby option and warrant costs are recorded based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. Unless otherwise provided for
 the Company covers option and warrant exercises by issuing new shares.


There were no warrants or stock options outstanding during the year ended June 30
 2014 or 2013. All warrants issued in prior periods expired without being exercised.


During the year ended June 30
 2014
 directors&#8217; fees payable of $180
000 and loans from shareholders in the amount of $442
001 were settled by the issuance of 2
769
637 and 2
231
596 shares of our common stock
 respectively.


During the twelve months ended June 30
 2014 shareholder advanced the Company an additional $84
637 which is non-interest bearing and due on demand.&#160;

























March 31
 2014




June 30
 2013





















9
200
000







3
263
000









(9
200
000







(3
263
000





































The Company had available approximately $46
322
000 at June 30
 2014 and $16
319
000 at June 30
 2013 of unused Federal and Florida net operating loss carry-forwards that may be applied against future taxable income. These net operating loss carry-forwards expire through 2033. There is no assurance that the Company will realize the benefit of the net operating loss carry-forwards.



Reconciliation of the differences between the statutory tax rate and the effective income tax rate is as follows at June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013 respectively:













State taxes
 net of Federal tax benefit

































The Company has evaluated all events that occurred after June 30
 2014 through the date when the financial statements were issued on October &#173;&#173;22
 2014 to determine if they must be reported.&#160;&#160;The Management of the Company determined that there were no material subsequent events to be disclosed.


























A system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-l5(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended [the Exchange Act]) are controls and other procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information that the Company is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures
 including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly
 even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives
 and management necessarily is required to use its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition
 the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Moreover
 over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
















The Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures for the Company
 and have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report
 based on their evaluation of these controls and procedures required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
 due to certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as discussed below.



The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting for the Company.&#160;&#160;Due to limited resources
 Management conducted an evaluation of internal controls based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&#8220;COSO&#8221;). The results of this evaluation determined that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of June 30
 2014
 due to material weaknesses.&#160;&#160;A material weakness in internal control over financial reporting is defined as a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.&#160;&#160;A significant deficiency is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness
 yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of our financial reporting.



























We have not achieved the desired level of documentation of our internal controls and procedures.&#160;&#160;When the Company obtains sufficient funding
 this documentation will be strengthened through utilizing a third party consulting firm to assist management with its internal control documentation and further help to limit the possibility of any lapse in controls occurring.







As a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above
 the Company&#8217;s management has concluded that
 as of June 30
 2014
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the COSO.

To date
 the Company has not been able to establish an Audit Committee with an independent director due its limited financial resources. When the Company obtains sufficient funding
 Management intends to add establish its&#160;Audit Committee and charge them with assisting the Company in addressing the material weaknesses noted above. The Company&#8217;s lack of current financial resources makes it impossible for the Company to hire the appropriate personnel needed to overcome these weaknesses and ensure that appropriate controls and separation of responsibilities of a larger organization exist.&#160;&#160;We also will continue to follow the standards for the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) for internal control over financial reporting to include procedures that:









Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors; and



Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.





















Our management determined that there were no changes made in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal year 2014 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.



























ITEM 10.&#160;&#160;DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The present directors and executive officers of the Company
 their ages
 positions held in the Company and duration of service are as follows:
































































The term of office of each director and executive officer ends at
 or immediately after
 the next annual meeting of shareholders of the Company. Except as otherwise indicated
 no organization by which any director of officer has been previously employed is an affiliate
 parent
 or subsidiary of the Company.





The following is a brief account of the business experience during at least the past five years of each director and executive officer
 including the principal occupation and employment during that period
 and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out.


Richard Damion &#8211; Director
 President and Chief Executive Officer of SnackHealthy
 Inc.


Mr. Damion has more than 35 years of experience in manufacturing
 sales and distribution of food and beverage products. From November of 2009 to November of 2013
 he has been a director of Newport Digital Technologies in Newport Beach
 California; from 2008 to July 2009
 he acted as the CEO and Chairman of said company. From 1995 until 2008
 he served as the CEO and Chairman of International Food Products Group
 Inc. in Newport Beach
 California.


Katherine West &#8211; Director of SnackHealthy
 Inc.
 Former President and Former Chief Executive Officer of Healthient
 Inc.&#160;and SnackHealthy
 Inc.

Ms. West served as Chief Executive Officer of the company from October 5
 2010 through January 28
 2014 at which time she was responsible for the oversight of the management team and entire day-to-day operations of Healthient
 Inc. and its subsidiary
 SnackHealthy
 Inc. Beginning in January of 2014
 Ms. West began serving in the capacity as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of SnackHealthy
 Inc.&#160;&#160;She has extensive knowledge in direct sales
 executive management and public company experience having served for Travelstar on the Board of Directors and having held the titles of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.&#160;

















From 1998 to 2002
 Ms. West served as the COO of WMA &amp; Associates. WMA provided early stage financing and led the public offerings of&#160;Baby Genius and FreeRealTime.com. From 2002 to 2008
 at Travelstar
 Inc.
 Ms. West was a founder of the company and held various roles including Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer and also served on the Board of Directors. The Company went public in 2004.&#160;&#160;As Executive Vice President
 she managed the day-to-day operations including 36 employees and over 500 travel agents. The Company grew from a start-up to $80
000
000 in annual sales in just 4 years. In late 2008
 the Company was forced to close its doors after losing its contract with its major supplier and could not recover during the world economic crisis and financial market meltdown of that period. In connection with her tenure as a director and executive officer
 Ms. West was named in the involuntary bankruptcy proceeding filed in 2008. In September
 2011
 the trustee filed for the dismissal of the case against Ms. West.&#160;&#160;Ms. West lives in Jupiter
 Florida with her husband Bill and their four children.&#160;Outside of her work at SnackHealthy
 Kathy enjoys taking care of her family
 running and playing tennis.




Mr. Lindberg is responsible for the Company's finance functions
 including tax
 financial planning
 treasury
 accounting
 procurement
 and internal audit
 and investor relations audit. His prior experience includes serving in executive financial positions at both public and private companies. Early in his career
 Mr. Lindberg was a Certified Public Accountant at Arthur Anderson &amp; Co. for approximately 20 years assigned to its offices in Montevideo
 Buenos Aires
 and Santiago.





William Alverson served as the Director of the Company (in his capacity as the Chairman of the Board of Directors) and senior executive of Healthient and SnackHealthy from October 5
 2010 through January 28
 2014. He started his career in the financial industry in 1989 where he worked as a financial advisor at American Express. In 1993
 Mr. Alverson founded Newport Beach
 California based investment bank
 WMA &amp; Associates. Mr. Alverson served as Chairman and CEO providing first round financings and advisory services to both private and public companies. Major investments included Travelmax
 Inc.
 Admore Memory
 Freerealtime.com
 Genius Products and Travelstar.&#160;&#160;In 1995
 as the largest investor and shareholder of Travelmax
 he assumed the role of CEO. Under Mr. Alverson&#8217;s watch
 the company grew from seven employees to 220 employees in less than one year
 supporting over 44
000 agents nationwide. In 1997
 Mr. Alverson was involved in an off-road racing accident in Mexico that left him temporarily paralyzed with a broken back. As a result of the injury and one-year rehabilitation
 Mr. Alverson stepped down as CEO moving away from the day-to-day management of the company and sold off the majority interest in his holdings. In 1998
 he returned to work resuming his role as CEO of WMA &amp; Associates. Over the next several years
 Mr. Alverson
 and his team of investment bankers began investing in start-ups. WMA provided early stage financing and led the public offerings of Baby Genius and FreeRealTime.com.&#160;&#160;In 2004
 Mr. Alverson led Travelstar
 Inc.&#8217;s growth from start up to $80
000
000 in annual sales in 4 years.&#160;&#160;In late 2008
 the Company was forced to close its doors after losing its contract with its major supplier and could not recover in the world economic crisis and financial market meltdown of that period. In connection with his tenure as a director and executive officer
 Mr. Alverson was named in the involuntary bankruptcy proceeding filed in 2008. In September
 2011
 the trustee filed for the dismissal of the case against Mr. Alverson.&#160;&#160;In July of 2014
 Mr. Alverson was charged by the U.S. Attorney&#8217;s office with violation of 15 U.S.C. Sections 77e and 77x (Illegal Sales of Unregistered Securities) and 18 U.S.C. Section 2 (Aiding and Abetting and Causing an Act to be Done). In October of 2014
 Mr. Alverson pled not guilty to the charges (





Our certificate of incorporation limits
 to the maximum extent permitted under Nevada law
 the personal liability of directors and officers for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors and officers
 except in circumstances involving wrongful acts
 such as a breach of the director's duty of loyalty or acts of omission which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law.


Nevada Law permits us to indemnify officers
 directors or employees against expenses
 including attorney's fees
 judgments
 fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with legal proceedings if the officer
 director or employee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interest
 and
 with respect to any criminal act or proceeding
 he had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Indemnification is not permitted as to any matter as to which the person is adjudged to be liable unless
 and only to the extent that
 the court in which such action or suit was brought upon application that
 despite the adjudication of liability
 but in view of all the circumstances of the case
 the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. Individuals who successfully defend this type of action are entitled to indemnification against expenses reasonably incurred in connection therewith.

















Our by-laws require us to indemnify directors and officers against
 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 liabilities which they may incur under the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph.




As of the date of this report
 we are not subject to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 which requires our executive officers and directors
 and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our equity securities
 to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission.





Ms. West and Mr. Damion currently serve as our principal executive officers and directors of the Company. We have determined this leadership structure was duly appropriate for us because of our small size
 limited operations and resources. The Board will continue to evaluate our leadership structure and modify as deemed appropriate based on size
 resources and operations of the Company. It is anticipated that our Board will establish procedures and guidelines to determine an appropriate role for members of the Board in risk oversight function of the Company.




Our code of business conduct and ethics
 as approved by our board of directors
 can be obtained from the Company by writing a request to our corporate office.


We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 10 of Form 8-K relating to amendments to or waivers from provisions of the code that relate to one or more of the items set forth in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-B
 by describing on our Internet Website
 within five business days following the date of a waiver or a substantive amendment
 the date of the waiver or amendment
 the nature of the amendment or waiver
 and the name of the person to whom the waiver was granted.


Information on our Internet website is not
 and shall not be deemed to be
 a part of this report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission.




The following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation for services rendered during the last three fiscal years to our company in all capacities as an employee by our Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers whose aggregate cash compensation exceeded $100
000 (collectively
 the named executive officers) at any time during such years.




































































































































































































































































































7
195









13
703



























6
000









10
300













16
300





















































In the year ended 2013 Mr. Lindberg was issued 70
000 shares of common stock of the Company at the price per share of $0.10 pursuant to the Company&#8217;s Equity Compensation Plan of 2010
 as amended.









In the year ended 2014 Mr. Lindberg was issued 10
000 shares of common stock of the Company at the price per share of $1.37 pursuant to the Company&#8217;s Equity Compensation Plan of 2010
 as amended.












January 2014 Mr. Alverson resigned his position as Director and Chairman of the Board of SnackHealthy
 Inc.






The table below shows all outstanding equity awards held by our Named Executive Officers at the end of the fiscal year ended June 30
 2014.














































































































































































The table below summarizes the compensation earned by&#160;directors for services during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2014. Please also see Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Note 8 to the Financial Statements.



For Fiscal Year Ended June 30
 2014












































































45
000




45
000



















22
500




22
500













The company recorded a payable for shares of common stock to Ms. West for her services as a director valued at $45
000 pursuant to the Company's 2010 Equity Compensation Plan
 as amended.&#160;&#160;











The company recorded a payable for shares of common stock to Mr. Alverson for his services as a director through January 2014 valued at $22
500 pursuant to the Company's 2010 Equity Compensation Plan
 as amended.&#160;&#160;








EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS


There are no employment agreements with the Company's key employees at this time. As of June 30
 2014 the employment agreement for Mr. Damion
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 had not been finalized.





In fiscal year 2011
 the Company adopted its 2010 Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan) which was registered on the registration statement on Form S-8. The Company registered 8
500
000 shares of its common stock.&#160;&#160;The Plan was amended in January 2012
 and the Company registered an additional 12
000
000 shares of its common stock.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the Plan
 the Company issued a total of 6
762
143 shares of its common stock to employees
 as that term is defined under the Plan. As of October 26
 2012
 the Plan was amended
 and the Company registered an additional 2
000
000 shares of its common stock. As of June 30
 2013
 there were no shares of common stock remaining for issuance under the Plan. The Plan was amended in November 2013
 in which the Company registered an additional 1
000
000 shares of its common stock. As of June 30
 2014
 there were 708
459 shares of common stock remaining for issuance under the Plan. This amount does not include an additional amount of 1
000
000 shares which was approved by the Company in September
 2013
 and which amount has not been registered on Form S-8 at this time.





The following table sets forth certain information with respect to beneficial ownership of our common stock by:&#160;(i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each of our current directors; (iii) each of our executive officers set forth in the Summary Compensation Table; and (iv) all current directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
 the address for each person is 620 Newport Center Drive
 Suite 1100
 Newport Beach
 CA 92660.&#160;&#160;Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table
 and subject to community property laws
 where applicable
 the persons and entities identified in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned. The number of shares of common stock outstanding used in calculating the percentage for each listed person includes shares of common stock underlying options or warrants held by such person that are exercisable within 60 calendar days of September 19
 2014 but excludes shares of common stock underlying options or warrants held by any other person.&#160;&#160;Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 5
467
380 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of September 19
 2014.







































Director
 Chairman of the Board




4
331
493 (2)













Director
 CEO&#160;and President












































1
016 (3)















4
332
509









(1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person
 shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after September 19
 2014 are deemed outstanding
 but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person.

(2) Ms. West holds 4
160
322 of her shares of common stock in Northeast Capital Group
 LLC. and 116
425 of her shares of common stock in Panacea Holdings
 Inc.
 the companies she owns and controls.










The following table furnishes information with respect to the Company&#8217;s equity compensation plan (1) as of June 30
 2014:












of outstanding options

 and rights









exercise price of outstanding options

 and rights















































708
459(2)



























































































































708
459(2)



























The Company&#8217;s Board of Directors and its shareholders adopted and approved the 2010 Equity Compensation Plan in the amount of 8
500
000 shares of common stock in October
 2010 (the Plan). The Plan was amended and the authorized amount of the shares issuable under the Plan was subsequently increased for an additional issuance of 12
000
000 in January
 2012
 an additional 2
000
000 shares in October
 2012 and an additional 2
000
000 shares in September
 2013. Our shareholders approved all the amendments to the Plan to authorize the additional shares in September
 2013.










This amount does not include an additional amount of 1
000
000 shares which was approved by the Company in September
 2013
 and which amount has not been registered on Form S-8 at this time.










The holders of our shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of such outstanding shares
 voting for the election of Directors
 can elect all of the Directors to be elected
 if they so choose. In such event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our Directors.





The transfer agent for the Company&#8217;s common stock is Interwest Transfer Company
 Inc.
 1981 Murray Holladay Road
 Suite 100
 Salt Lake City
 Utah 84117. Their telephone number is (801) 272-9294 and their website is 




During the year ended June 30
 2013 the Company accrued $67
500 for the fees of two Directors (see 


The Company had shareholder loans of $84
637 at June 30
 2014 and $382
260 at June 30
 2013 which are non-interest bearing and due on demand.&#160;


During the year ended June 30
 2014
 directors&#8217; fees payable of $180
000 and loans from shareholders in the amount of $442
001 were settled by the issuance of 2
769
637 and 2
231
596 shares of our common stock
 respectively.


Other than disclosed in the Financial Statements
 there were no transactions for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2014
 nor are there any current proposed transactions
 or series of the same
 to which the Company is a party
 in which the amount exceeds $120
000 and in which
 to the knowledge of the Company
 any director
 executive officers
 nominee
 five percent shareholders of any member of the immediate family of the foregoing person
 have or will have a direct or indirect material interest.




















The following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by Ronald R. Chadwick
 P.C. and Cutler &amp; Co
 LLC for the year ended June 30
 2014:


Ronald R. Chadwick
 P.C.

2851 South Parker Road
 Suite 720
Aurora
 Colorado&#160;&#160;80014



















15
000









4
500





































16
000






(1) Audit Fees: Fees for professional services performed by Ronald R. Chadwick
 P.C. for the audit of our annual financial statements and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagement
 such as the filing of Form S-8 for the year ended June 30
 2014.


(2) Audit-Related Fees: Fees for the review of Form 10-Q for the first and second quarters of the year ended June 30
 2014.


(3) Tax Fees: Ronald R. Chadwick
 P.C. did not provide any professional services with respect to tax compliance
 such as preparation and filing of original and amended returns for us and our consolidated subsidiaries
 refund claims
 payment planning
 tax audit assistance and tax work stemming from Audit-Related items.


(4) All Other Fees: Ronald R. Chadwick
 P.C. did not provide other permissible work for us that did not meet the above category descriptions.



 Avenue
 Suite 205B
Arvada
 CO&#160;&#160;80004
For the year ended June 30
 2014






























1
500





































1
500









(2) Audit-Related Fees: Fees for the review of Form 10-Q for the third quarter for the year ended June 30
 2014.


(3) Tax Fees: Cutler &amp; Co
 LLC. did not provide any professional services with respect to tax compliance
 such as preparation and filing of original and amended returns for us and our consolidated subsidiaries
 refund claims
 payment planning
 tax audit assistance and tax work stemming from Audit-Related items.























Our Board of Directors is responsible for approving all Audit
 Audit-Related
 Tax and Other Non-Audit Services. The Board of Directors approves all auditing services and permitted non-audit services
 including all fees and terms to be performed for us by our independent auditor at the beginning of the fiscal year.






























Agreement and Plan of Merger of Time Lending
 California
 Inc.*











Articles of Incorporation of Time Lending
 California
 Inc.*











Articles of Incorporation of Tenth Street
 Inc.*











Articles of Incorporation of Time Marketing Associates
 Inc.*











Articles of Incorporation of Time Management
 Inc.*



































Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated August 2
 2005*















Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated August
 2011.*







Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated September
 2012.*































































































Share Exchange Agreement between Time Financial Services
 Inc. and Interruption Television
 Inc.*











Voting Agreement (Tenth Street
 Inc.)*











Voting Agreement (Time Management
 Inc.)*











Voting Agreement (Time Marketing Associates
 Inc.)*












































































































Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.






Date: October 24
 2014


SNACKHEALTHY
 INC.





















































Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
































October 24
 2014




























October 24
 2014

















October 24
 2014




































begin 644 img01.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````'@``_^X`#D%D


#4U0$`_0$!`
M0$!`0$!`0$!`_\``$0@`2P(F`P$B``(1`0

!``(1




MG9+0)ZXJ'&6?F-+5W`(\PH#T!SE/DI@6A'1!!()&F(455UV%I3HD]X15CM
M6#

[8I!(`.LG28]I$A-0T!^]$648VV%%J-E_$:Y


\NU!'[EV6K48HEANTR/?B[_MQ_S3G@
6

M6+
(PM.)K2H




MY`'L2%7


$26W
7K



M

M[;=\1OR8)8%CK]9B;-

$(`'T7/D$

S$X7-UE11L?JT3&M*3+]6.';:CBI_#/UOTJIW[F







M1&O%
J9?H\%K%L42`XTPXI#BIJ6%)02%3483
AT%'B&
J9K64OM!E2@A8F)S




_AFTVO%ZE:DA2D
]`G5-0G*.F0
M!3Q;%&


SX;CKCK=#?O

!71



JAPAJG\=7SOL@$Q8PS'J#

MT(GXH)^6'N`--33

M-7C.*=CTCZ*AP,A3USL[LSQ3L$
0JZ$JUW$RE+E



LH0^\@EUT`7US4=*M



M$:C&=%CV#U[_`*/1U;;[TBJX@S
AI
*'Q
P^F;;I*YII*'5K6AYQ(`*Y@%-[






C(1DE22^I0M%W5W(S6KH*L
I&V4

M**^7F6G9&-AKW8U@@ZQ)1T\D;Z0!+S`'[T?^K8QOIX^\8SIB/261PN@Q:K91

42=$-1/
SU:@E)4=$6O]

M+^`'


MU0_MH\MX88




]-F

:]

MLM.WI[T#7+5JCFU&H*SNTI)F#B`D1YR`&.KS/GA-.XHX0&`E)*G0VXJX.&U1
M%D&
@S.6V5*)4I2WHDDF=[CAC(F-
X`LU6'Y?JL/R[1-*7Z25J'3F6TVJO

D4U*TB22N6\W0
MU&6M1)A^K$T&$8ZVY-NBIVV;MJKMVY9]8D]^.65357E;

M5HGXR3(QTRJ33YIRXM-(Z$IK&P4*-MQ8(5=4.(B1@!5PJIQ.F:=IB[Z/CE/Z
M+A]




MTIO7C/A`*I]^.S1Q)DO8%CJZD[RAJ`5)-A(0KY1':6'VJAE#[*PXTX`ITV

#EJ0\TW+5=2$B.F8UC%/

M``,[B+ERZ+DI7962X)1()S-/+J\?-(M+23-+


_


Z565R2*

A80@?HCPHPA-I6]

8W4\`X8Q6A(;





M6-**_P!Y

B)1

VU+R%S^H*$V*PFFEKD`#Y

4%2=B9222;(F/5FM8HX
MBMH%/O!*)NI64S!%EDQ`S*WMVGY'/(5&6;/;;OB-^3&;DQ^YR)R2Y=;W6\[\
MQ_;YJ1^I3TJEQ/3LM$VX<ZD'@<T?K1BJKRTH^HU1Q.#])@3$C3]O'Y]3]3.



GO7F


M&R9NA
+#61



M*]/#&&5\#S9@+^YNTZZ%]Q*JCIS4DQ2D:+904['S)[TYC$['S)[TYC#)'J1
MQ)YDNG/#B:\XY45CK3=12J2BN8!2`JQ+B#;=)U2U0$RWAN=,J2PW3)71N+&

8G

89(]2.(YDNG/#B4\S9#8Q-U=;ARDT]6JUQLC[MP\-FRJ%-&7
YX4Z






M#$['S)[TYC#)'J1Q'

ML;HZ_&ZA+[5
N_UEZ5VT!*0`+3!GL?
GO7F
3L?
GO7F


M:
OYJQZI2BF12TZE^C@+(40J5JIC3(
:7`

M0E


89(]2.)'

MXD5FZ#%1A;E



M%^ZDWI2K&2L\-_F5T(KFQ^).WQX#:\I26EJ0+RTI)2GA(%D4
.#+S3-2I];C

M4=1I&UHT#K8M1


JH





MJYZC_
]7%MMVPK2R_P#
6&$H0V$MJ*D#02;Q[\9QHH?5F^JT?L.J^S&\Q5EU

M'VN*(=:A4RV8&%


M=
RWT8
Q2IJ5U.ZH]Y.D1OE[L3G)@I;7Q%,[..E.\W4
H?:



E)R4C'B\O
S
O+T!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0`$1#P\1$Q$5$A(5


1`?_$`'8```(#`0$`````````
M``````0%`0
&``(!`0`````````````````````0``(`0,`P4$!PD!````
M``$`P0%`!$2(3%!$P9187$B,H$C,Q21H5)R0U,5\,'A\4)B@I*B)!$!````
M`````````````````/_:``P#`0`$0
1`#\`WLTL4$3S3
$BC4N[GLJJ-R3K
M-9/(7)Z$V3EGDH8]010@B^2Q:D/X3



MT4/_`
&
99[A':2Q]4
/O_6WV#46G7.Y$8Z(B3&4RLE]U(*RR@[QU_80.3




M;S`P^;Y2HZC;N=NVVMR-U:%*6T5+L@VCC'=Y&/%$'O9B!H!LAD+'Y@8[&(LM
MYARD=_PJT9[/+MU)/^E1W]PT#+1L4[N/47[5B_9GY2L\A$1AC4O-]PNT:KV4
M=.A(ZZ8XZJ


MK4@.WD(!M'O[2S=-OMU=:L5




M^WAL2/`:9#TGB5QUBC&KJ;2@362W*=MB&'S


A+9C0//+7C^Y2::3PE9=W?DW3N-!ROD\


K[_64WVW]NWV



BRP1K+=8



!T/C\-N34XS(9)M\S)

;[=O/E8*S_`+H`'MWU%KTOC;=TVY3*$;AYM17XUY3$.


MDC#`L@;MR7N-](X_1U:/[M;]T51T6N)MD`]G0=M-L?BZ.
A
-*(1(QW8]2S'
'VLS;DZ#_V3\_
`
end


















        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2010 Time Associates (&amp;#34;the&#13;Company&amp;#34;)
 a Nevada corporation
 acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Healthient
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Healthient&amp;#34;)
&#13;a Nevada corporation organized April 29
 2009
 in exchange for the issuance by the Company of a total of 43
618
356 newly issued&#13;restricted shares of common voting stock to the Healthient shareholders pursuant the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated&#13;as of September 23
 2010. Prior to the issuance of the shares
 the Company had 160
078 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.&#13;Subsequent to the exchange there were 43
778
434 shares issued and outstanding. The shareholders of Healthient owned 99.6% of the&#13;common stock outstanding of the Company after the issuance of the 43
618
356 shares. On November 15
 2010 Time Associates
 Inc.&#13;name was changed to Healthient
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The acquisition of Healthient by the Company&#13;on October 5
 2010 has been accounted for as a purchase and treated as a reverse acquisition and re-capitalization since the former&#13;owners of Healthient controlled 99.6% of the total shares of common stock of the Company outstanding immediately following the&#13;acquisition. In November 2010
 Healthient
 Inc. changed its name to SnackHealthy
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 4
 2013
 the Company changed its&#13;name to &amp;#34;SnackHealthy
 Inc.&amp;#34; and dissolved its wholly-owned subsidiary SnackHealthy
 Inc.

 the historical financial statements&#13;prior to October 5
 2010 have been restated to be those of the accounting acquirer Healthient (now SnackHealthy
 Inc.). The historical&#13;stockholders' equity prior to the reverse acquisition has been retroactively restated (a re-capitalization) for the equivalent&#13;number of shares received in the acquisition after giving effect to any difference in par value of the issuer's and acquirer's&#13;stock. The original 160
078 shares of common stock outstanding prior to the exchange reorganization have been reflected as an addition&#13;in the stockholders' equity account of the Company on October 5
 2010.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;SnackHealthy
 Inc. markets and distributes&#13;organic and all-natural healthy food products. The Company offers a portfolio of healthy foods and beverages that are organic
&#13;all-natural
 low-calorie
 and free from artificial sweeteners; created for consumption over several eating occasions daily. SnackHealthy&#13;continues to pursue its mission of developing and distributing great tasting nutritious snacks
 and beverages under the SnackHealthy&#13;brand. Healthient
 a division of SnackHealthy
 Inc. plans to focus on providing organic


 total assets

 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and due to related parties
 as reported&#13;in the accompanying balance sheets

 the Company regularly&#13;reviews the carrying value of intangible and other long-lived assets for the existence of facts or circumstances
 both internally&#13;and externally
 that may suggest impairment. If impairment testing indicates a lack of recoverability


&#13;which is when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. The Company classifies selling discounts and rebates
 if any

 and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined by the first-in



 deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying&#13;amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured&#13;using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be&#13;recovered or settled.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under ASC 740-10-25

946
210 during the year ended June&#13;30
 2014. Cash used in operations for the year approximated $144


 the FASB issued FASB Accounting&#13;Standards Codification No. 718
&lt;i&gt; Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#13;No. 718
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date&#13;fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services.&#13;Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation&#13;rights and employee share purchase plans.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair&#13;value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Such compensation amounts
 if any

 as required by FASB Accounting Standards&#13;Codification No. 718.&amp;#160; FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 505
&lt;i&gt; Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&lt;/i&gt; defines&#13;the measurement date and recognition period for such instruments.&amp;#160; In general
 the measurement date is when either a (a) performance&#13;commitment
 as defined


 2014 and 2013. At June 30
 2014 the Company had 4
716


&#13;but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected&#13;to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. There have been no recent accounting pronouncements&#13;of changes in accounting pronouncements that impacted the year ended June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013
 or which are expected to&#13;impact future periods


























 Florida in January 2014
 and acquired a new office lease in Newport Beach
 California.&#13;The Florida leaseholder obtained a judgment in the amount of $181
968 for the remainder of the monthly lease payments through&#13;June 2016 pursuant to the terms of the lease agreement plus legal fees of $1
487. The Company has recorded the full amount of&#13;the judgment
 however believes that when the facility is re-leased it may not have to pay the full amount. Upon the leaseholder&amp;#146;s&#13;execution of a new lease with a new tenant

 California lease term is one year commencing January 2014 at the rate of $1


 Florida
 alleging breach&#13;of contract and seeking damages in the amount of 92
000 plus costs. In April
 2012
 the court has issued final summary judgment&#13;against the Company in the total amount of $95
500.&amp;#160; On April 27
 2012
 the court issued an order to approve a settlement&#13;of the judgment issued against the Company.&amp;#160; According to the terms of the approved settlement
 a third party and a non-party&#13;to the legal action against the Company
 agreed to purchase the claim of Siesta Flow LLC. in the amount of $75
000 and additional&#13;claims against the Company from other parties
 for a total amount of $95
500 in exchange for the issuance of 19
100
000 shares&#13;of common stock by the Company

 2013
 the Company issued 14
384
000 shares of common stock with a market value of $7
562
500 in payment of the settlement. $1
719
000 was in satisfaction of the settlement payable and $5
843
000 was recognized as a loss on the settlement of this liability
 which was netted to $5
799
000 by forgiven amounts of $44
000. At June 30
 2014 there is a balance of 4
716
000 common shares remaining to be issued under the settlement agreement. Under the agreement
 the shares can be drawn upon at any time

 a former officer of the Company filed a lawsuit against the Company and its President and directors alleging several&#13;counts
 including a breach of contract and fiduciary duty
 and seeking damages in the amount of $122
300 and other unspecified&#13;damages.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company considers the lawsuit without any merit and will defend it vigorously.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On September&#13;18
 2013
 the plaintiff filed a motion to compel early mediation. In February 2014 the parties attended a settlement conference;&#13;however
 no settlement could be reached. As of June 30

 2014
 a former Director pled not guilty to charges by the U.S. Attorney&amp;#146;s office of 15 U.S.C. Sections 77e and 77x (Illegal&#13;Sales of Unregistered Securities) and 18 U.S.C. Section 2 (Aiding and Abetting and Causing an Act to be Done). The alleged violation&#13;pertains to January
 2012 when the Director caused the Company to issue shares of common stock pursuant to the Company's 2010&#13;Equity Compensation Plan
 as amended
 registered on the registration statement on Form S-8
 purportedly for certain consulting&#13;services provided to the Company. According to the charges
 the actual intended purpose of such stock issuances was to raise capital&#13;for the Company through the sale of its stock. Shares registered on Form S-8 cannot be used by the issuer to raise capital for&#13;the issuer or to promote the issuer's stock price and are limited for the issuance to the issuer's employees
 consultants
 and&#13;advisors for bona fide services to the company. Our current management was not involved
 had no knowledge of these allegations

 2014
 the Company
&#13;its Chairman and Chief Financial Officer received subpoenas from the Securities Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) that&#13;stated that the staff of the SEC is conducting an investigation &lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;In the Matter of PEI Worldwide and Certain Other Issuers
&#13;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;File No. HO 11576&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;and that the subpoena was issued to the Company
 its Chairman and CFO as part of the foregoing&#13;investigation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The Company has no knowledge of PEI Worldwide.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The SEC&amp;#146;s subpoena and accompanying&#13;letter do not indicate whether the Company (or its Chairman and CFO
 respectively) is
 or is not
 under investigation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;Company has contacted the SEC&amp;#146;s staff regarding the subpoenas


000
000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 and 25
000

 2012 and October 28
 2013

 2014
 the Company issued a total of 5
292
774 shares of common stock valued at $30
184

231

523





769

925

292

264

 2013 the Company had a balance of 4
716
000 common shares remaining to be issued in satisfaction of the settlement agreement. Under the agreement
 the shares can be drawn upon at any time

 whereby option and warrant costs are recorded based&#13;on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably&#13;measurable. Unless otherwise provided for



 2014
 directors&amp;#146;&#13;fees payable of $180
000 and loans from shareholders in the amount of $442
001 were settled by the issuance of 2
769
637 and 2
231
596&#13;shares of our common stock
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Arial, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the six months ended June 30
 2014 shareholder advanced the&#13;Company an additional $84


&#13;2014 through the date when the financial statements were issued on October 22

    

 total assets


 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and due to related parties
 as reported&#13;in the accompanying balance sheets


 the Company regularly&#13;reviews the carrying value of intangible and other long-lived assets for the existence of facts or circumstances
 both internally&#13;and externally
 that may suggest impairment. If impairment testing indicates a lack of recoverability




&#13;which is when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. The Company classifies selling discounts and rebates
 if any


 and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined by the first-in





    

 deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying&#13;amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured&#13;using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be&#13;recovered or settled.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under ASC 740-10-25


 the FASB issued FASB Accounting&#13;Standards Codification No. 718
&lt;i&gt; Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#13;No. 718
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date&#13;fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services.&#13;Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation&#13;rights and employee share purchase plans.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair&#13;value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Such compensation amounts
 if any

 as required by FASB Accounting Standards&#13;Codification No. 718.&amp;#160; FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 505
&lt;i&gt; Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&lt;/i&gt; defines&#13;the measurement date and recognition period for such instruments.&amp;#160; In general
 the measurement date is when either a (a) performance&#13;commitment
 as defined



 2014 and 2013. At June 30
 2014 the Company had 4
716



 but not yet effective

























231

523





769

925

292

264


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;June&#13;    30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;Net operating loss carry-forward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;9
200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;3
263
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;(9
200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;(3
263



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

998
421&#13;during the year ended June 30
 2014. Cash used in operations for the year approximated $144



 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;June&#13;    30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;Net operating loss carry-forward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;9
200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;3
263
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;(9
200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black&gt;(3
263

000
000 at June 30
 2014 and $16
319
000 at June 30

 2014 and June 30


    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


























































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 Par value
 25
000




 $0.001 par value: 200
000
000 shares authorized 5
467
380 and 174
606 (after 100-1 stock split) shares issued andoutstanding at June 30
 2014 and 2013



      


      


      


      


      






























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      





















































      








      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      










      




      

      

      

      




      

      


 Related Parties


      










      

      





 Plant and Equipment



 Finite-Lived






 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      




      




      

      

      

      

      






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`[KIBNS0$```T4```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
F%U/PC`4AN]-_`]+;\W6






JPB)5A
2O'



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````(R2ST[#
`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D
M[A^UC:,D0/?VA`.2F/;T?;GSS];WN[F:50?'&(O3L.Z*$&Q
V)[UVIXK9]6
M#Z!B(F=I%

_F?6*73HQ`
MGA,[RW;E0V8+J<_;J)IRTF#%?.<TQ')^R)C`YXFVEQ/]/^V.'$B2XG02.#S

`4$L#!!0`!@`(


M;'
@H@0!**```0``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````````\6$UO
M@S`,O4_:?TYK\&F[=JIM)=I4J];]P
B2`$5$JRC_[[1:B#5=J\_(%*48X




MLC)VS!#Z5AIR\D3N(PN21Y:$6VD24FFX97A087GU7VK[!0``__\#`%!+`P04

M



RF
BYS)DR31+&

G'5F@'PW5*;D#@V@+P`G*4BN/R_C%P.A4\-\U^EJ

ML`ZG%AB^%AR
3H4AUW$L2Q!4K




M6'NHYWKE#+1@QL)P[(
)`$VSP?(A9'`C&)@P.NG`@&)L1)FQOHT/T@FH
M6SI#S`
4&<HSK&^(J8!%+P_NJ8%@3$5HN?%@:Q%<3(<5VY]#H@Z@
MP1T:6E;MJ#H0C3NTN2/QI.Q%P[S
-
'^#G%GPJ)'Y-!\(']1D`?

MX4G1`80[-[1\VBNH]@5YH*JZR#X[
QLW;E1;UJN9@2L=;LP8OC6JG^JR;C;W
M7UJ3/P```/__`P!02P



M3:-



]2R7*_TC$.BLR


HZP?W+EF!XS0K%


6!WUMH9'`Z[B=#L4X6




3P&$/4^9(0H!N[+M1%$\1QY(@@MPYPX[5&!D`
MW9^]5CVAFRR][317O-@/738LWD:PTS1A&/O.8FA#.A\VX+NKRZA=CYM(-!2'
MLM=IB._!C7\-2$:=*`R]:.$




RT'2(&V`!BB*/LXTM9*(B*)`TG'R]UV*-N
X

SVQO@
MY;!)M2Q/TRE37'8T
S,*1RZJJ2`:RTVCH72`RTW&'\MI&]W;

MTY\)K7JD6





E%F/VC`4A=\K
M]3]8?@=G81DBDM$`HAVIE:JJR[-Q'&(1QY%MMG_?:QL8**
1/(0X^7Q\[O%U

M]



)





/JC%/P```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`'W('H];`P``PPH``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T

ML7__NKU8VI;2M

MRA$-J^&?7


::+
MC1U$3AA[`0&XM6-*WW)#:5OI06E1_440

M=Y03;=K*8X6=`W$5`TU/4A6P/Q\1J#8*\




/'#!1F\&E=C
@1?'[_F5/_O


S1-L```Q```&0``



M]5=WOH?=S;I/T&_.#NKD&:E*'#Y+GG_E+8-L0YU


%


?&

MVAVV*ZC/\R9(@K7[##FE`^;.8N`Z8OP1X4(T8T@0QFE(_T[R4=F`C;))N@GE
MSKXXE0EG=
)K=`PXPT`^1A\DX1B_E;:8Z`03CXAW#@%RN4
#GBI'(Z]5MIBT










*O#\86
MYI2<'))'0'V(PZN/D[$'</7,B2%%IN0N@#L6^F.V!L7IV!XNP#8W&J?K=BE


)+N[YN@)F



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!J@G8BR0(``/L'```9



3-F1






.-5U:3?$PV$H1!&+S5?40&/7\YF1&/R9)IR:P$=A_*.E&LK<*B!TF4
MQ$-J([#X,V!&/`;S8W?PM8UF-79?W_?B*=?'ZR.NY#-<1CSF\MQPPF4U_5%Z
M0?16CXY[?;P^\

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(X+GAM;(R4VXZ;,!&[ROU'2S?




M(]MIVK??
9.0D'11D@O`\/OGFQGCR?S^K:ZL5R85%TU*/-LE%FLRD?-FDY+?


Q^ZDKP`]IY:R@VTK_%+NO

$-E0


^!SM+E+U(RAH2+NT83

2]QX`MOH7-B
_9CK[(AIHQ

;MB*596R


M='



E-9'J




M\Y(

?5N'X]A_+B6PX0X3)

MX`AHT[[]+&


_&V=-#_G;N_F+7WVEY/'50;@(SXA-;[C^?:5M`1B'
`A


*OI;%P


M0@M*2/1\!3:8D
0]-_'32(4PR&!Q3R?C8HLLLLB$1%P6Q7%L#F?&

)8G6Y0
M17.HN-BBLBZ[%1)!%9#46GZ9/AR%OJ]R:5#%)A5O
0$TJO&=R4^RZ!(S*5LA
MT:NI`

3$LPQ@VG)#



HJ]EF
AE#L!OC9M)FN0(:VD)H
MVX+4A+U)8I6/'CLS1@





-J_Y$?Z
V^.
M9=TZ9WJ`]N`O^&9NQ#L


HRL*&\!8[A[F\Q$.4):?L



T:/XY47RP<B:C@TD](=Y^.K\XM!
MV+ANB2;+A11[!+T6ZF.F



F2

B^^VCVZQ\]+N7__-_?%N6RX2Y1?G;1U?+
MY?R;9\_*\55VG98[LWE6\



M3LO.G-/58L%ADK.\''.@/V;I8N/Z3[:W=P^W]W?;*[\1M8U#TN2';#K=_K&8

V




ML0([G&JG4
].?OC?=.-UOV3^\3SNW2:%N

.-$HY28%T)3P_38$D=E.RI(E

E1FJ2


B9X/


`LW.+2]

MTXH)HQI$T28W^?+*;
D&06GC-V`4

@SK3(!^ZT;$9R[0EN.O!_
M9J5^#)S)]KJO$DX1X-H*SI*Y29O@:.B'W^=O$1[6C_^.M
JTV36[93@1L'@


'_MJ:^R
0FN


M[]`!YB%;M

M)O4$9ON\!OIV4IMK9
RS

<1NU=NS
M/F8DO=
B9&*
2]_F1

9*9$#BMM/2+`3+!V<]*CY[BY27OLB_I),4'7I@M.B&3\<H

2PX\E\D4^3O6
=8)=_

MBWRL4*!TSX'!8P\!OLQ
R7A&`[1K]1K\)F

4.9I.EPO?QD)YJT@SM;70/(QH4=NSL
M),C`N]D71^QP@Q1XW20IJ*XD-RF)(..NB?!00]Q?7-$I33AMF7]D&UV[
KC


M(;M@W=F-?1!T8!XAU)431N2?M38:I@32(IE$W^D3\R(=_^@C;_NITE!\
M!R9+2)1VC[#VK?JHN^PCP_P$+IM-OX`;`7$#.T]OMYU]2V0FYZ`4?+JS^W5I
MISP'K%3OX`+R%:6#R:\DBY7U2RZJA%X9TT;*[P2UT-;N5RG)&F
GZ33C%_`U
M$@/

[?5]?JB@7BR[[.;GN


-EI

:`O5)15.A=J$6[8D9VX`W2O4U5(O9RM



+Z7@`'XSSC4,B^9M5
1L=KK!D
%W\:'
M(5?A`C=983MG(&=J6@+CH/(QWY5\-D=K-:W-V*

GR-37W-8
M`S&X2/-09^M@Z.VLN-Q^:T:


7%NG<5]3D$+T/I5[100M;=JD4V$HN@-:%@(0GB<W`A3RUX
M+`&1G6,KCV<]3J#L&JZD5PF(QC_5I/*@7//A073B=Q`
&I.LO+.DE885EXT

M7*B^C
3L/B2/7KY7BBV5!PEDYFIDX$IWF[O-



WKD:]R24HTS*M;.1.+B?<=]X.\RGOIXZ[1!YLG+7


/Z9G+*#/F]9M@8`'AP.I'YT%-G
MQR'EE)5V=-I`'G3*:ZJ7G&F2J#Q!(H785.I;N
&QX6QB6O^(Y`KU(/+QV*CT
F8I=_/
MA-#3&1RR*-95]])4=`\WE(V(#GV.<PDZX-$5ME%^3KJ49!
_[D#1EACQO[2

L61(3N3]5Y.[+6BW%6H[89:
MN=(G44!L9B


MV;U'BV

G

M7*#V/(-5T0-A@K($7E2E5QW1T1`A%G4TD/QDT'[K_'@4
JS?-']9'.4?:9
M+(*XDMR4U2(6PI9XE,`E(-EX0X&VJ`RT.FPVTG.R69%F6-


;C`]5LMS0P93\+R*XFB
CO+VPYVSU53W?X.K4TJ



-23Y




M:_34X6K@DQ8VFDK]X\*^M4BRZZMS`I2O%,24+9$'B8TCF`:4+(9*RN5BO!B
M1JPE(`2U^9
@Z]*5YOI39JJ4JU!]0XYEWX74M]6ZN%.=3$9M+0RH`N!Z0


&'FD29


MGC1:1:S@MH',9%LG7%Y!F6FF*R$ZJ:`KR.A/%B#GSE]*'2?)!6+Y%[SG
M8#9L3;T;'E5C-^.5R0P
.6TLHC=


#QE`@O^X5@`R.@#O.!SW&];6(

M:@*5OCEE*JZDX


MC5$2H

M-\#71_%P@^3*
ZPP63



MG^XF2&;E^-:L!-8





LA_U]22]YJ1!XR-RD(:?;QG09@I9LNJVQT4NV%FUT3V7'M11@(4
MT3X$9'*DZ1OG!249M$I#W7&ZT'K3R:P\^/CYX/GU#7);[TOXITV?S=N;=
J


1Q8O$:D/T[0&62ZE
$]BQ\=.V0P!3E`I)*]*%G





]%OGQ<&]OL(_P:;3K[%6A6B3MI)PF6')L&!$[
M7!S/BMD/EW/$V]-P8BD2
&T


;7


M_`YSN52W*TT$


P`P`V?)_KZE(H_EA#LE
G1$98=
AP=?4VVWHC74MXO

M_XSK8T88W+TB5@J76(W-V80;4U.SR`J(E$G`:9_%^

MX$=FF;1O



M(`

M5I/J

M1.=


-Q[?I\
A\^/#CL;_\U;





)W?F'H9[CW;'_)G4(;[6%^]OA+D<9)/BB<$MQ/N8<V]
MF[G#B%CM6'AQ5=6BB=U,\B!F[\6A7#!IIYV1OPLL0J&D&5&BJ6ZA0#R+0
MBU&@%GB#ZB1)33H2)TJZ4SYW:NEX?2V:E_]+WJ?GG&
P!=.J-!H0V#E%4Y&9

K&9A?@CM:6T%TF3;
M2EM)$:TU%GLP&:XVV'I5N]O*6

M$Z9&!#


L^8X1I8)6'
V


MA
7+=)S&O;=[=^\(K$R9



M/\.8;






`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0!@%5*D&@P``

Q=;6_JV!'^



8O`<2??MWZX7=_B/Y\^/.'#]W_?/O=OWZREO_^^9O\=S]_JW82-40FQ*!<


ZF/AZA-KE@DHD'RVTR?]EC$Z=K4*WK$/]QNI@5Y7:UIBO/



MJ17Y[18$E@





M1%E20%-5ARQ5X*#VJ!(&DJ!($DJ+*1MLMYBHL!DO.58)`4E0)`DE1;6WP
M&5?@L?2H$@22HDH0G#JJR;1J]O!@L.6L_,BLM?%QK`L'\?5UL5DCS%/G?K$

M76MI;]V\=:GNO;P$-Z)OJPTG/O12)3$=LI74#D8A#I]@Q9J%FG!!L)A!*
M+=JP,3NK(&HC:2%F(VD@:-I(6HCI



M@Y^$_7&(?EA.VAM$\(M4_4`N8?UM\@&W:
6DAA!04I?A:1
!+!HD`(
A#`
M!#=!`/24@0`F8PD(&B&`.4L.*0/(3AZE*X$F$O0?2R74F
1*3N41K2PJ

M_6^/8I#4`U

MH
DJD12#K!J9A4*352()!%D5DD95HFD&&352!(*62620`/2*F0-!*R2B3%

M-(]F3]'

M5R[

Z!@%7@







T\0J9=H)I0)
R1O%R;#P2WL;.



M



MD

M$V1\)6+';PC/L)1BXB/(BE9U'B6]P59'DG)XL7S6Q?D=R0EBQ3((Q;I\(6X
M16F




6P@`3EYM
&[O\'?Y5M8$_4_SY
A^/[!T.[&'6GHPN];PTNQH/I


%S&U8FUA7=_\TG7I@O%TS?`4P2AG6NO76U=V


M.69EN`YQC7=70/$H


54&2KI3J2
:_UW9
M9A3JMN7PKFRWO6W8Q

7R%O6N0K^KT-Y;7Z%7
MY?+%U^5%*88JK1L2VVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.'#I)?A!+
M0GC4F0P


S6KZ1$0;?785;30IV9
M6\V(9HJBPRU769O8G
O!Y+EJ

MXX6+=)$



C




M25H&#.YD_+GO:0:-`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7
2\/5CL
MJG:]69[MO45%]
2BS:IG60'

MTJ2L:=/625LMVZPON-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C:SNVTM3@
MV9

MOP```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%%MR;A`P``0PX``!@```!X;]W;W)K



[K4#3H(:




A_-
M%N



A3;9
2=X%IB



+R<-EA;0Q[]HU2'?;)TE)&HT9OYI\?C*YK+$&R^NW8..*-W




M*_3
M1&J3G$4A!CQFJE



M']H&?-

M&S(Z0.#80?[G@/AJVG#NJ:6KI59[!`L._)J&NN4;+0!X3


[
M*ZZ#SMO:7P#VR=O@O9>*T

SQYLDNOM

M7O&6-S_(_%Z57!=\PZO*(*9V;DC%P.ZN=O/S+G;+?G!]#7.UG4*DNP%SK:$%
M_TIU(6J#*IX#
@RFD)CVD]&?6-6T$V*K+$RT]F\)'S`.VRH
0)PK98\G;M-V
MG\35'P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`




MZ\16X)G2%V::[!@$SA;R#IL5^*LT=F2?OI[JO^DU)OGA6

MPC3YMT[K=#XMZ=6`30TI45U25B+L@(T@


-85'DXXL*X75(Y

M#XRE:



M.E17)]7(6*?Z0&2\L54BXY`/S5PO
FU2*Y8C4*Q\?B_!/]NDHU!I(ZS\)C*M



M2P
$%``&``@````A`

RY)%7+16I2IV
OSGGEZ97*[/WR)5I_?1\^9+1\@(2^[S(V[=.U#3*S(U/
M%:W3?0%YO]K3-.NUNQ](OLRSFC;TV(Y`SN(#Q3D_6`\6*&U6AQPR8+8;-3FN


X\3ISM,=F7K\(+<.[

M&:HJ=D%_]\N)J+:)0C4N+1KH2V)G8R1;G'B#+=N6Z\,7P2Q%?RL;&!0G8A


AY&/

/K
W8O!MLY*8OZYO;:=_

7'L!0#!J/YBX\03&'%__'KNZU^W[('`G?@L=WXV?N':O:
_=1\A

]]X!$5SI+3M?T#7EOR\M/D7``#__P
`4$L#






J+89OFSC3XJK3%[]D1C5\5AD

MJ@M



MUD$`J*0&]LC+QIK:*^
%ZCIC-ML1&]EBQRU($9.PO@KV*@A4$*H@4D&L@D0`
M!LC2:P/%_G]H0\(0;7A66PX&L12I=MRN_@JV*L@4$&H@D@%L0H2`4AP.9%

1C:9*4?0FO1B([!$)$`D1B1)$4E$(FD

M)$`D11)$8D$8F4*#0P4J*TAYB0?JL]%]G3MJ+]Y8@`#O0*M(


MB`S0TW(=.G-9(Y@EPE'G3*EW6#%Y^1S!4J.
X4B;C5HLO66EBFN9!-`FXR

M0:JYK
-NL.*./D-V]Q'7Z;#GB%;EN*!T!K;=SR#$L2

MPDVZV+)ZI

Q*?M6C&F7AQ1I%
M(T;61T:



MD]XTE7E]RG?YY=)H6?5

M7WK0Y&&/:.E!EX8Y7.`^=
NHQ-F2B]T1^ZWMP4T)CK-U/+@NP/S!]1Y`(OR'


MWCF/50M7O-WKYPQ7^CE\59CD:_Q852W_`0
;_3\2;/X%``#__P
`4$L#!!0`


OM]\\LM3YX428BW]ELL;0MGL?BD.2GG?W/WR_?




\BW7GE9O202T[;B][(2V7]U%FNP:A2W08'O


`VG5DF2V:IK7R4ISK0IW&'
M:;PY-#)Y9\/7V\-[ZPZW9JYS_%Y.T&4H!4+*]`)E
KP#E9IJ6R=-H(:FFDXM

M7



&
'@

M$5X)11LP
(P/EYC'?0$QF[!UCJ$).




M8!A@'G&/^Q)B-F'K/(

L@M0L/H]8?<
M(ER/NP4N),1#;A$:1J4_RRTPF[!U)PPZL'SB%NB`\HV/;?=-A`):*'?80XU
M_^

M@ZYAF&+!+-?`;
)F=(U@R#7&_U#%981CT#(
XS&891F83=B



M:%/
#@
&ULE%9=;YLP



D$P+6A'I\8;6\$_.1444/(H=DHV@)#.+
MJA(%OC]'%6&U:QEB


]LJ52/3'.Z3KJ7
MBE=_+0JW7)8E:%G@^\@R]Z);/\3729#=D3'X0!19KP0_.-`U(D;HGL0QT!\

MF&MC/Q'V;J_:

M\U&Y[/UFQW]%Q8Y^HF4IG93O]=T5P$#OHMV]NC&%&



S`7DT[X4WS^JUQ%O/OVD5^--U;565GL
M3;*V38
5:7G




K



M/*1II*]U4^;_H:A=41^$BB#P*H(0NCB((X+`:Q_D9P06KJ8UYS%IDL.N*M\-


MBZ%*I!L3V^GC(AQJ7$GCJ8IX2J&P09#Y;%R\-V'AO2E!H-XX0HG?9G-%P]#U


!U`X!/U97N
M:TSP

/3S;!95+9%PX$_M.FM

P)HL\)(1J_


KM6?KG5F(
MA(-CC_*8NH9GFIS8Z:+(_.#ZO.M#;TWNSPKSYJMS[%0R#Y+3QJBXM&!T9
M(?3.110AG^=LO&$+#Q90BE0Q$H;/PWX_S]VZKU_:N/-R%-FC0MJUUQU@H
MYG@'YWU+^+A:Y]


M``#__P

M\.D^J#89FF9]1Y==31
MPD-[CXUFMZN*
FF*U[H\]FBD+0]Y#^OO]M6I.UNKBWO

`Z2

L!ELO`)Q$9
M2*@B1)Q!AE5(HA2?1V]%468)=)9(E


8ZA0LSS_$EU/$]^-Y-2:L(B]\_&

MD$0]$LSMXB`&42G;\1V'IL1E^O46UZYGD#.=&'%I3BB-R#KP)FND@[IU9-B2


1
U5


M.6[M7
NS`HML\Y@AH@AZ


2B5DY`3SK
M9HQ4GU2&+-MVZ;/43(G(@DRCS?*3')P6DX.9I*#(()WM=CE0MAT_7%`E$D
M4#*/I/



JHP


K)41C3S:&IVSL^H-)&`:CR1C&\$Z5

RZ2
\D6&4^HUJ8#$Q&Z$:YY(5!WX*E(/E=
MDNZ2HBB7#&1C(+&!;`TD

CM-?1`T^['?4\A2+Y3T^_X0NX]:/3%%/IFRH0_Q[92G+X#4`<
ME@3BW<MG8[2*#<[6T$D,3FKHP,6#C3#@?0D#Q$5GTKU)S0I4EL7)\99<$
MMFHH5-Q?UF$$ZRL4@(8G800+I(G#?6?!^]/X2[@'\=N#CGL1'&A
G:4?P29N
MXHL@6G`W=9T@@NT



M



M)*.)692E0=COCX*






M

M+WA-5#B:W.YR_&S5-1U#KB9R05/-+6ZT1=
B2.D1(--Q6U)S!'-SQ]
NO=ZT
M!Y/
=%^E1:87OC2DYADW1#6=PB1H[_6:



M965T
3


V#?A^CF:
'[C[Q0F]

ELODB!

M`F@:D+0=PQ:



-&`

.?OHO?*_L
;
1)CFO#)#+

M;6RL6%V/HS84?:_4_X!XWQ`@0!)-IIJ$\*56JJIM^\P0)T$3X@B8G=U_WVML




MS




M\S.\83+
&YG55@**6881DB%#8A/8FT!B`JD)9:0FTA`)H1_L\Q@LG`$E2*



KJ$D#U$H2D

MR&I




#9$$A:1(-D.
M\



MD


M='

M

;#[M.5.Z(
MS-*&Z&!?.\C8IY4?3A;.$V19R3EKD^.IC(U@D)0BLK$.;'4@T8%4!S(=R'5@
M)P$.V#)X`ZGW*[PA
L0;$=5:`))9FA&(8;$.K#5@40'4AW(=#7@9T$*$8$





[%-3EGVMMV`[_

MJ3E;)EAOSI9KLP53/U!S@%PQD$`F[+*`_C!B5P;L!V2-VB/:H/.YLTK\2*X#
MYK#P`657%?$D@F8#5JOAV22;L'$X6KCCD:G\=?DRN,&?^U'\*O%U%D'$;3N
M)GX71G

$

3-[[=A*++1M!9;2
MZ7[[*8JDR.*OSL:-OHGCC\62ZJ^B5)1U^_NWTW'TM;PT57V^&WN3V7A4GG?U

#OI

E2H

M5FN/[$=/9=

'M'$L0BUA:A+



)'H.O4K1!)N:W282R5EHY*THAN),;(5:DWZ54$@-)@*1`
M
B`YD

]+0(2`TF`I$`R

M5!(GR6LGR;V15B
$@-)@*1`,B`YD,(F+';12=OWTX\+7%CSV6QDPPD`A(#

\9A%F_3YRO9D5T4W
IVZ


N1I8S33B8X
47W&5KEP^X#+GS!)G)E

E)KJYGQ-
]H%





4*!7*E+/R-OUHYC42BIUGU@
XS

G&Z&QTJLE0A0C

M/:!(;-)HZ5A6
:($48HH0Y0C*ACB
8N^\(J856=IQRR1DWIGDQ]2E^G$'&*
M$26(4D09HAQ1P17071P5\B@&CY;!HFLI(8^H`A1CA!E+*$.6(H9XS*()
MLV,6-[]@W3U#N/)'2E_U
M_[







M::2[
CAG1B_'/0SZHL

MII`R.)A`RE^7OFD?
;UT][I]*?^]O;Q4YV9T+)^I
&?=(Y&+?&U/?FG5SOZI

_?+0=MGFP#X`@R=#:GC7-]QI@5#2AN(]U#AU\J;11WN#4UL[T!
M7HZ75
O2.+YABLN.!H;
7




M392.-H1NT0`^B9*^



MI]C3Z-5B$9Z+=!8OV3-F3NPQ]P&#SPF33`B&HI
RJEVN[


&Z?[L96WVN'TC*\-
M_BP!.R6.$%QI[=XV*
RFWV_Q&P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`.MX5W.X&



EM?L`G<.954D

M#LGKN?F[?`NS_'AJ(-T.1


MU%G
!&P\N/Y=6[*J?,J
M:HO239IDLZK*MPFL=)DOB9LWS6S*TL1YZ1KD_5Y]0F
S+$W.SUD`!J+P:




P:1K*TNB
Y'.ZG#A6IZI'B$]&!82$9%1$


D\8+=J2


M^MZ
6&G6

MWN









MFV\```#__P



M+'T/5SDY%M5YY__S]_.W!]]KVJPZ9E=2X9W_A1O_^_[GG[8?I'YM+ABW'GBH

7DA.`3Z\L:&D`(]GGS@\A<'%L+SL_2A?):ADA@'LON&F?^K2


]M8U0G/EH


MH


/H5)YU
IIZ84M.?UPTY$$R+4YU.8+'S.4B%DE2%3=`7*I40M0I3&B\EM
8F?254M1ZO0$%#N%<K01C3J`$Q#0L-98L+0S+4B%6J(7%&!<J%44-O
MW!F5TB






`?6^HL-L7#7?392

MP87_85JFV$`C1Z$E.J





%NBK1P'\6^7N#^$<,%
MSI)*]HF0MOL!=`3R1G/_/P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`/(BL8Q`0``


K&R5MIL:
M/:T6^37*0A16B::U4*

MP8A0I(9-X;KU1L1T]!OLA'P7&\`E(9?80!1*1(%[8.XF(AJ12DY(]^&;`:`D
MA@8


\GH!D%_DT\`OC@_?//


M8YE
6:$DC

-F/`\_OZ-S+6J0%L!)L`0THS#W-KJ+(H




&F1EH.U+\US

MH5%RL%@[+-0.YH1K:22667!N


M@JV_.KQ^





9TU$KV;0=%_`8``/__`P!0
M2P$+0`4``8`````$`.ZZ8KLT!```-%```$P``````````````````````
M6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P



``*T)```/````





M`BT`%``&``@````A`.PC
T3;`@``
0@``!D`````````````````;AH``'AL


M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!J@G8BR0(``/L'```9````````````````


O





RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`M76SHPI
M```U?P``%``````````````````


&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`


M%``&``@````A`
4V]0&W!0``C18``!D`````````````````WW8``'AL+W=O



M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#+K3Q8&P8``&D8```8`````````````````.2!








3

9;C+BB


M.YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`\EFJM30%``!K$P``&0``````````````





P`

M`!``````````````````2


)P#@``2=
`````
`
end








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

231
596


        

875


        

666


        

769
351


        
        


        

292
774


        
        


Shares issued in settlement of shareholder loans
 value

523
547


        

687


        

610


        

925
415


        

264
259




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include directly performed or subcontracted plumbing
 electrical work
 drywall and plaster installation
 steel erection
 painting
 glass work
 utility line construction
 and other specialty trade services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
The
Company started the construction of several websites
 all of which have been completed and are being amortized over three years.
Computers and furniture are being depreciated over three to seven years.

Property
and equipment was as follows:



    
June
    30
 2014
June
    30
 2013

    
181
008
181
008

    
181
008
143
432

    
    
37
576

    
22
165
22
165

    
11
356
8
442

    
10
809
13
723






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R
M



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,68S,CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
M,S`R,#%D9#0Q.68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S%F
M
S(Y-6%?
S4U95\T8C0U7V)B
3E?8C
P
C`Q9&0T





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M='



T0B
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O





O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-










#I%







M=%]%=F5N='









M
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3W1H97)?



M17%U:7!M96YT7T1E=&%I;'





&-E


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC;VUE


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='






M=W


68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
M
S`R






#$T


M



]





]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T

]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6X@





]




]
M


]

]


]


]
T1T97AT/B=997




M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]








M97AT4&%R=%]C
68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R
#%D9#0Q.68-




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

\



]




]





@*&YE



]
M


CDY/'-P86X^



]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L




]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#8U


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P-2PP



M97


]


]


3@P+#`P


]

]



]


C




]


]



#`L

X


]
M


]








M9VX]


]
T1R




3DL
#4T/'-P


68S
CDU
M85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R

M;G1E;G0]

04
^

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]


M


M86QI9VX]




T1T




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/C(P



]





S(Y-6%?
S4U95\T8C0U7V)B
3E?8C
P
C`Q9&0T
M
3EF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q9C
R.35A7S
U
M-65?-&(T-5]B8C$Y7V(S
#(P

#0N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C




M871E;65N='

M86X]

#$T

]
T1R




T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97
\+W1D/@T*


]
T1R93X-

]


#4L

]







]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L-SDY+#4P




#@X/'-P86X^

]

]
T1N=6T^*#(Y
M+#DT-BPR






#8I/'-P









Q9C
R.35A7S
U-65?-&(T-5]B
M8C$Y7V(S
#(P






]






]
T1T:#Y$969I8VET($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


M;F-E+!A;6]U;G0@870@2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





#DW*3QS

M
2PY


]

@870@2G5N
M+B`S

C(L



M9VX]


]




]


]
T1N=6T^*#4T+#$S






]



]



30S+#@T
M

]
T1T






]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L





]
T1N=6UP/C0\






]


M86QA;F-E+!!;6]U;G0@870@2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]







M9VX]

CDL-C8V/'-P



T1T





M





BPX





]
T1N=6UP/C

]
M




]
T1T97AT




]




M06UO=6YT(&%T($IU;BX@
S`L(#(P


M
S

C
S+#4X


]

@870@
M2G5N+B`S




MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S(Y-6%?
S4U95\T8C0U7V)B
3E?8C
P
C`Q9&0T
3EF
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q9C
R.35A7S
U-65?
M-&(T-5]B8C$Y7V(S
#(P

#8N:'1M








M;65N='


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
3
\




]

]
T1N=6T^)`H,CDL.30V+#(Q,D\

M*#8L-C





]
M
T1N=6UP/C8R+#@S

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP


RPU





]




]


]








T1T;W`^


]



]


C@U







]

]



M9VX]


]
T1R




M;VQD97(@;&]A;G





]

]
M






]
T1N=6T^*#$R+#
S





M=F5S=&EN9R!A;F0@1FEN86YC:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97





]
T1N=6UP
M/C$V



3@P+#`P


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]



]










]




]



]

]



@*8C,S0[=&AE#0I#;VUP
M86YY)B,S-#LI+!A($YE=F%D82!C;W)P;W)A=&EO;BP@86-Q=6ER960@86QL

M9B!(96%L=&AI96YT+!);F,N(@F(S
T.TAE86QT:&EE;G0F(S
T.RDL#0IA

CDL(#(P
#DL


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('9O=&EN9R!S=&]C:R!T;R!T:&4@2&5A

M;F0@4&QA;B!O9B!296]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;B!D871E9`T*87
@;V8@4V5P=&5M



6QE/3-$)V9O


M($AE86QT:&EE;G0@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-F]N($]C=&]B97(@-2P@,C`Q
M,!H87

M96%T960@87

M
#$P+!(96%L=&AI96YT+!);F
N(&-H86YG960@:71S(&YA;64@=&\@4VYA

'!T


C`Q
M
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8VAA;F=E9!I=',-FYA;64@=&\@)B
S-#M3;F%C
M:TAE86QT:'DL($EN8RXF(S




38P.SPO


#$P(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!R










@86YD


@86YD(&)E







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
68S
M
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'







]

]

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





38P






@:&%D



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97













M97



M/'4^3&]N9RU

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V






M;VX@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%N9!T

@

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z







'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
S4P(#QI/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4M1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($]T:&5R+B`\+VD^0V]S
M='

M97

@:6YC=7)R960@:6X@=&AE


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








T0G9F]N=#H@

&5S('5N9&5R
M#0I&05-($-O9&EF:6-A=&EO;B!4;W!I8R`W-#`M,3`M,C4@*8C
30W.T%3
M0R`W-#`M
3`M

#LF(S$V
#M5


M;&EA8FEL:71I97


@8F5T
&ES=&EN9R!A<W-E=',@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N9!T:&5I




#LF(S$V


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET


M97




M



#`P+B!4

M='


#L@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:65V97








30V.W
@86)I


M='

M5&EM97


M5&EM97





@8F%S
M960@;VX@=&AE(&=R86YT+61A=&4-F9A:7(@=F%L=64@86YD(')E8V]G;FEZ
M92!T:&4@8V]S=',@:6X@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]V97(@








38P.R8C
38P.T%S('-U8V@L(&-O;7!E;G-A



M+B8C
38P.R8C



M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;65N='

@



M('1O($YO;BU%;7!L;WEE97
\+VD^(&1E9FEN97
-G1H92!M96%S=7)E;65N
M=!D871E(&%N9!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!P97)I;V0@9F]R('-U8V@@:6YS=')U
M;65N=',N)B,Q-C`[($EN(&=E;F5R86PL('1H92!M96%S=7)E;65N=!D871E



@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@0V]D:69I8V%T:6]N($YO+B`R-C`L/&D^($5A

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[0F%S:6
@;F5T(&QO




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

38P.SPO


C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,RX@070@2G5N
M92`S,P@

38L
#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S
M:&%R97






@


M(&%S(&]F($IU;F4-C,P+`R











#$T(&%N9!*=6YE(#,P
M+`R




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C
68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R
#%D9#0Q.68O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'






M17%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


L(&%L;!O9B!W:&EC:!H879E(&)E96X@8V]M




T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M

M.B`Q




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&4]


P+`R,#$S/]F

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
3@Q+#`P.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


T0G9F]N=#H@







@



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M5&EM97



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;&4]


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




M4V5R:68G/C(R+#$V-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C

T0G


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

M/C$Q+#
U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


T0G9F]N=#H@







@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B
M-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P



M='

M1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T($%R:6%L+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[(&UA



T0G




M1#


M5&EM97

M
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M(`@(#,P+`R


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4V)3L@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O

T0G





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q
6QE/3-$)V9O



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+#(U
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


T0G9F]N=#H@







@3F5W

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G





M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




C4P







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@



M97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



@3F5W


T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.SPO

M.B`Q

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

30V.W

M('EE87)S+B8C

68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
M
S`R







T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^




T1T;W`^0V]M
M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

T0G9F]N=#H@

96%S

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@;V8@=&AE(&QE87-E(&%G


M;6]U;G0N(%5P;VX@=&AE(&QE87-E:&]L9&5R)B



@;F\@



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\



M.2!P97(@;6]N=&@N(%=E(&)E;&EE=F4@=&AA=!O=7(-F5X:7-T:6YG(&9A
M8VEL:71I97

M9'



#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N









M;G




M;G



C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S
M=65D(#$T+#

BPU


RPP
#`@=V%S(')E
M8V]G;FEZ960@87
@82!L;W-S(&]N('1H92!S971T;&5M96YT(&]F('1H:7
@
M;&EA8FEL:71Y+!W:&EC:!W87




M86YG960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N
M9&EN9R!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-CQP



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9B`R


M
BPS

38P.R8C
M


M(&)E(')E86-H960N($%S(&]F($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\









M86XL(&%S(&%M96YD960L(')E9VES=&5R960@;VX@=&AE(')E9VES=')A=&EO


M





@=&\@=&AE(&-O;7!A




M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






C`Q-P@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDL#0II=',@0VAA:7)M86X@86YD($-H:65F($9I;F%N8VEA;!/9F9I


F(S$T.#LI('1H870-
MG-T871E9!T:&%T('1H92!S=&%F9B!O9B!T:&4@4T5#(&ES(&-O;F1U8W1I


@0VAA:7)M86X@

M14


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
68S
CDU85\S-35E
M7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@







T0G9F]N=#H@


M9B`D
XP,#$@86YD(#(U+#`P,PP








T0G9F]N
M=#H@

C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A

2!A;F0@82`Q
#`@
M=&\@


#L@=&5X




S`L
M(#(P

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('9A;'5E9!A=`D
S`L
3@T+#0S


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H

T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R
M:68G/B8C

T0G=F5R

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






T0G9F]N=#H@






38P.SPO9F]N


T0G9F]N=#H@

M4V5R:68[('1E

M97




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9'1H.B`Q

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

BPR
S$L-3DV



@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


3(E.R!F;VYT



M(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M




M.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M4V5R:68[

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V


T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;G








M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@
M4V5R:68G/B8C

T0G


T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M4V5R:68[('1E

M97



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

M971I8V$L(%-A;G

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

M8V$L(%-A;G

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$U
3LF(S$V
#LF(S$V



@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M;VQI9#L@9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@



M


@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

M;G

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



M:68G/B8C


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M/B8C

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@

M4V5R:68G/DYO=&4Z#0IT:&4@
3(O
S$O
C`Q
R!-87)K970@=F%L=64@9&ED

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@3F5W


T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P
3
@=&AE

#`@8V]M;6]N('-H

2!T

3$


M:6%B:6QI='D@:7
@=6YC:&%N9V5D(&)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

#L@=&5X


M;G0@8V]S='



@;W!T:6]N


@3F5W













]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P






T0G9F]N=#H@


P@,C`Q
M-P@9&ER96-T;W)S)B



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V




M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S%F
S(Y-6%?
S4U95\T8C0U7V)B
M
3E?8C
P
C`Q9&0T











3XQ
B!-;VYT:'









T0G
M9F]N=#H@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V





38P.SPO9F]N



2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N

C`Q
M

Q-C`[




T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V



T0G=VED=&@Z


M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0G/CQF;VYT

3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXS+#(V
M
RPP


M86-K(#(N






C`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G






M;&4]







W!T)SX\9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,W!T)SX\9F]N=!S







T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
M

M;CH@



T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SY4:&4@
&EM871E;'D-B0T-BPP,#`L
M,#`P(&%T($IU;F4@,S`L(#(P,30@86YD(0Q-BPS
3DL
#`P(&%T($IU;F4@
M
S`L(#(P
3






M
C`S

@;F\@87-S=7)A;F-E#0IT:&%T('1H92!#;VUP86YY






M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8V]L
M;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V


M(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@870@2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q-!A;F0@2G5N92`S


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@









T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R


3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SY.



T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
M

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXI)3PO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT






S(Y
M-6%?
S4U95\T8C0U7V)B
3E?8C
P
C`Q9&0T
3EF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q9C
R.35A7S
U-65?-&(T-5]B8C$Y7V(S
#(P
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5
13X-

]


C`Q-#QB

]



M;CH@

M870@;V-C=7)R960@869T97(@2G5N92`S
P-C(P


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S%F
S(Y-6%?
S4U95\T8C0U7V)B
3E?8C
P
M
C`Q9&0T

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


M97

M86QI9VX]


#L@


M:79A;&5N='



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]





]



@:7






T1T
M;W`^17-T:6UA=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

T0G9F]N=#H@



@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C

M97


L('1H92!D:7-C;&]S=7)E(&]F(&-O;G1I;F=E

M;6%T97


]

]

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@

M)SXF(S$V







]
T1P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P








]




@;V8@1D%30@T*06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^/'-P86X^






]
M


3`M
M

&ES=&EN9R!A<W-E='
@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET

#LF(S$V
M





@


M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@





@9F]R('1H



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY-86YA9V5M96YT(&)E;&EE
M=F5S('1H870@=&AE(&%C=&EO;G


@;V8@9G5T=7)E(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M92!C86X@8F4@;F\@87-S=7)A;F-E('1H870@=&AE#0IR86ES:6YG(&]F(&5Q



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M)B
Q-3`[(%-T;V-K($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO:3XN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[56YD

M=F%L=64@86YD(')E8V]G;FEZ92!T:&4@8V]S='
@:6X@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA


38P.R8C
M




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

38P



Q
M-#@[*0T*:7-S=65D('1O(&]T:&5R('1H86X@96UP;&]Y965S(&%R92!R96-O


M;V0@9F]R('-U8V@@:6YS=')U;65N='
N)B
Q-C`[($EN(&=E;F5R86PL('1H











]





@










#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+B!!=!*=6YE(#



M96-A=7-E('1H96ER(&5F9F5C=!W;W5L9!B92!A;G1I+61I;'5T:79E(&%S



T0G9F]N=#H@



@;V8@
M2G5N90T*
S`L(#(P


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M:6YG(%!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$









S(Y-6%?
S4U95\T8C0U7V)B
3E?8C
P
C`Q9&0T
3EF#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q9C
R.35A7S
U-65?-&(T
M-5]B8C$Y7V(S
#(P




M:G


M9#TS1$E$
$5



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#




]





T0G9F]N=#H@


38P




P+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO



M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#0L
C
X+#(U-2DG


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M:61T:#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

38P.SPO9F]N



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C
6QE/3-$



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXQ.#$L

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C
X+#(U-2DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M
T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$U
3LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




W
M+#4W-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M






T0G
M9F]N=#H@




@

M;&4]

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



@3F5W(%)O





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


3$L

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT






M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




@3F5W

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
M
68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R
#%D9#0Q.68O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


M1#$^

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^




]







M

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G





T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;G











T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T($%R:6%L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




M;&4]

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H






M

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M971I8V$L(%-A;G

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N

M969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G9F]N=#H@

C8Q+#@W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F

T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M4V5R










T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T($%R:6%L

38P.SPO



T0G9F]N=#H@


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

M(%-A;G

@


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q





M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

-



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C


U
3PO9F]N=#X\


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G




@3F5W(%)O


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

S@L



M-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V



@3F5W(%)O


M5&EM97


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R
M:68G/B8C


34Q.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[



@3F5W(%)O







T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[



M;BP@5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


#0L
C
X+#(U-2DG/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\




'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=#H@








T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T($%R

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



@3F5W






Q9C
R.35A7S
U-65?-&(T-5]B8C$Y7V(S
#(P
61D-#$Y9@T*



]

M:60]


]
T1T
M:#Y*=6XN(#




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G=F5R=&EC

T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF
M(S$V







T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M
T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V


T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
M


T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

'!T


F4Z(#$P<'0[(&-O;&]R.B!

#`L


T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
M




T0G

38P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

6QE

3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SY686QU871I;VX@





M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

W!T)SX\9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



M
RPP







6QE/3-$


3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXD

M(&)L86-K(#(N
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&-O;&]R.B!;&%C:R<^+3PO

W!T

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T0G



38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'-P








M;F5T(&]F($9E9&5R86P@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F




3!P=#L@=&5X

C`T

'!T







M


M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V










]


]



M9F]R(&1R:6YK/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'1A
M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L








M

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T0G9F]N=#H@






M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M-RPU






M5&EM97

38P




T0G9F]N=#H@


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M;&4]

S@L


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\



M:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q
M.5]B
S`R



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S






]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
30T+#`P


]


M+R\O0SHO8S%F
S(Y-6%?
S4U95\T8C0U7V)B
3E?8C
P
C`Q9&0T
3EF+U=O

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]



]




]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


T1T


]



]

3$L

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L


M
68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M135#04

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#






]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&EC96YS92!F;W(@9')I;FL\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPU





]
M





]



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


3$


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#
X


]


BPU








#`P




]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]C
68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R
#%D9#0Q.68O




]



G($1E9FEC:70@*$1E=&%I
M;'


]


]










]
T1R;SX-






T1T



]





]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$V


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

C4L-#$U/'-P86X^


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

Q9C
R.35A7S
U-65?-&(T-5]B8C$Y7V(S
M
#(P






]





]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


]



@8V%R

M-BPP
#`L



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#DL
M
C`P+#`P

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?
M8F(Q.5]B
S`R

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M97
@*$1E871I;'
@


]



]







M


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
68S
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
M
S`R

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1R93X-


]


@8F%L86YC93PO=&0^#0H@



Q9C
R.35A7S
U-65?
M-&(T-5]B8C$Y7V(S
#(P





]

T1)1#!%34A!0SX-B`@(`@

]

M(&-O;'-P86X]




]

]







]
T1R



M9VX]

]


]

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

Q9C
R.35A7S
U-65?-&(T-5]B8C$Y7V(S
M
#(P






]



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN
M(#

M;BX@
S`L(#(P
3


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L
S$Y+#`P



&UL('AM;&YS.F\],T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M
M87,M;6EC<F]S;V9T+6-O;3IO9F9I8V4Z;V9F:6-E(CX-B`\;SI-86EN1FEL

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M=#$X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]

68S
D
CDU85\S-35E7S1B-#5?8F(Q.5]B
S`R
#%D9#0Q.68M+0T*
`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        

000


        
        

001


        
        

769
637


        
        

231
596


        

637
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

716
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000
000

319
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

with an original maturity of three months or less as cash equivalents.



year have been reclassified. The reclassifications had no effect on net loss
 total assets
 or shareholders' deficit.



instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and due to related parties
 as reported
in the accompanying balance sheets
 approximates fair value.



 the Company regularly
reviews the carrying value of intangible and other long-lived assets for the existence of facts or circumstances
 both internally
and externally
 that may suggest impairment. If impairment testing indicates a lack of recoverability
 an impairment loss is recognized
by the Company if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.



conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
on the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.



which is when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. The Company classifies selling discounts and rebates
 if any
 as a reduction
of revenue.



ready for final sale
 and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined by the first-in
 first-out method.



depreciated on the straight line method over the estimated life of the asset
 which is three to seven years.



Costs incurred in the planning state of a websites
are expensed
 while costs incurred in the development stage are capitalized and amortized over the estimated three year life of
the asset.



years.



FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&#147;ASC 740-10-25&#148;) Income Taxes.&#160;&#160;Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&#160;&#160;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled.&#160;&#160;Under ASC 740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.



assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company had a net loss of $29
946
210 during the year ended June
30
 2014. Cash used in operations for the year approximated $144
000. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company&#146;s ability to raise
additional capital and implement its business plan.


being taken and the success of future operations will be sufficient to enable the Company to continue as a going concern.


 there can be no assurance that the
raising of equity will be successful. Failure to achieve the needed equity funding could have a material adverse effect on the
Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.



 the FASB issued FASB Accounting
Standards Codification No. 718
.&#160;&#160;Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification
No. 718
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date
fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services.
Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation
rights and employee share purchase plans.&#160;&#160;As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair
value.&#160;&#160;Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant.&#160;&#160;The
Company applies this statement prospectively.


issued to other than employees are recorded on the basis of the fair value of the instruments
 as required by FASB Accounting Standards
Codification No. 718.&#160; FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 505
 defines
the measurement date and recognition period for such instruments.&#160; In general
 the measurement date is when either a (a) performance
commitment
 as defined
 is reached or (b) the earlier of (i) the non-employee performance is complete or (ii) the instruments are
vested. The measured value related to the instruments is recognized over a period based on the facts and circumstances of each
particular grant as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.



to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 260
.&#160;&#160;Basic net loss per share is computed by
dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per
share is computed in the same way as for Basic net loss.


were issued and outstanding during the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013. At June 30
 2014 the Company had 4
716
000 common shares
remaining to be issued in satisfaction of the settlement agreement. These shares have not been included in the number diluted shares
because their effect would be anti-dilutive as the Company realized losses all periods presented in these financial statements.


30
 2014.



but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected
to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. There have been no recent accounting pronouncements
of changes in accounting pronouncements that impacted the year ended June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013
 or which are expected to
impact future periods
 that were not already adopted and disclosed in prior periods.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

815

815


        
        

964


        

777

226


        

592

005


        
        

576


        

809

723


        

809

299


        
        
        


        

250

750


        

651

054


        
        
        


        

500

019


        

565

565


        
        
        


        

500

000


        

637

260


        

231

883


        
        
        


Common stock
 $0.001 par value: 200
000
000 shares authorized 5
467
380 and 174
606 (after 100-1 stock split) shares issued andoutstanding at June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively

467
        


        

792
065

532
898


        

084
902)

084
902)


        

946
210)
        


        

580)

829)


        

651

054




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount of accumulated amortization for capitalized computer software costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 to sell specified products in a specified territory) having an indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including value added tax. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

946
210)

637
806)


        

914

250


        

076

832


        

427
795

843
500


        

810

809


        
        
        


        

964

522


        

500

000


        

448
        


        
        

461)


        
        
        


        

435

193)


        

278)

262)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

278

005


        

278

005


        
        

148


        

815

333)


        

815

815


        
        
        


        

810

809


        

000
        


        

853

225


        

001
        


        
        

562
500




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including income
 property and other taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy; net of (reduced by) sales adjustments
 returns
 allowances
 and discounts.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001552781-14-000896-xbrl.zip

#$T
#8S


MX:$=\'ORP






3*8]_;@0O`I-&WS#Y`
MC+CVFLMZ&?5`+YMG3[#GS\



SJ6
MHV(P#2A*IXZBV$^I**?A]4@!D\J1N


(DQX54#]DD#GG
42):^
M3ETWGL8^R
M3PCJGHP73?W%%D.MBFR7PG8P(K]JP[]KPG*/#JS;LNS:\T/K(


21:J30/PW:RAX[%[Z(]5

0M=XO^+
M$E&5EY;.R+K65A7@#^K[OP;\(;@%187HU[L


?R]
MB%S64DI


MI8\YEX`U&()PBBA61;/]`-Y6-%;?Z9F]9N!L/]2U%4[7Z?7M@5D2#[:L7IW'




JP
M/1AT3;

&SM#4I@[;
MB34#KXS$=H(GO0G
C3_R


M=ZW-&F*W-RPM9P-VT:G5PU






MW;3E/%P_MQ%[[]`WL7#=Z_57EM;WBL?=W1ORV-D;9U'_7K\M#K$_L/:9QR;Z
ML0&GKQWGU

M!0'14S%1WZ+ZW5['[O;VB:G=30B9ZIKEU6T=4UD=F*?!C#IB=SZ]XM&&P^`-
'`'O3VG=
&
M7+YIF7;/&3;#Z84@KI*XWH1EFM;MS-\TE6CZCHVLZTHA6ANJ?N8W9+[QU-XN










Y_/*4US?Y\%


V&A^\






.24YYE-

M=2PD:

MI1[J#GB5$;3+'_!IJL@:\C9HS$(!42J'JUXSU34&DV&I@*!TMP%QOZJ2\^](




MQ1D1QKU





8PJ



L

5T:

M%$ZH5$8R@S'PD4UEXG1$6!(LO^IB=/*1!^.6_'Z8H=;*7TH/+U722'BRY^3X
M='I[9MA=




MFDP_K\$DTMM*E44G%U9Y\H(%66DFMYNWC5
WBJ%9$$[LRPU-L:_
3^5EU
16



M_!(F2@

+XO(HH0<M3-##?HH4_<\:#SDFW<](;ZHJ_
M[F#\'A



MS-1J*(^7\E2H]7@RB[7:7OU5)X-OSA

)SWG='0S


A\BZ




3LA*Y

M\[P#T;


MU%TG/+ABSYES]3:AG+[0-;DG4UJMPA



MJ]+(SC]8O[:R#RH
)&
&NL%5'[!CA2L*A.4FN?30O09S=)SKL2ZIMZN=J`I)
&%
M*E#&.2D%
F&O;;/HF\H



W/O\JA&D;&V.-CB.@





A=S:#K[&41AAEN7@5PGL^@8NSE9]

M0R9P8&G2FF
*+O+J16R.0TXT=CU)WNU]AD^^'%P9
I-!L






\FE(]MR
+VE;/

M2MG^S7C#

+
SD/O8M((6!B]YOF]K+9VX)/
M\1^?I4AH^31CZ)/3M1]_HI8K1]+@Q19])/

X2%0:%B5$




7NBV7Y@Z?.'PO5AM;B==D2RA]R

M3\
0C!J7(6<:40B\I29Q
M`LFF7NO\''<7-1@.FNCE,&.T`J:FP3/XU]3M&K6*JN8WWG5@^O+G5@4W'



M@B:-W^EW0FH2Q@SR0?&^;#SR_:D)I++V/KX.^D:VW/P8/M*[EG?ZV.+G)O




=XLT*%G
MK:J5O';P0
#_DHC&X\]
5*
P#(HH1)JL=H

:@$?@';Z]Z/:`!CL4
-






MC!
`


0?`FA.X1R!&
SX!#/295DK`
M(

8$L1`&A&Z62!Z(;(#H25AK5J5?]@
P`Y^P*ZJ*6
A6Q@:?\'



PHUPG9=1/GU2[X'/`-_H$`4*[[$`LHMW7`DN





M
^EE
\UDWR<T


M.`);&&FS7IAYI2=:=7Q3L`X%7JQUF:W%0I?`S(8K292=TE0%DACM1


VZE]`J&!E9WV$&[W%4'





MO

4!/Z';<W`B]V


SE/G@YQ1(VRGS]VY^H4V
M2MBQ]#&X`_=C


!;0
M'7[6?I2!O:@1M4$]FH+%8-\FTCBSOM6=DIM(
\J!H/%


MD%3+YC*TQKW03`


)3

CX2U1]G$*

E`1QOS8
MV//\UQPGHA2$F('S0

W[:VQ_$
MVGW[1AJ(00
7+A)A(V\)\)3%3=AV8O`G=!XC9E^U37;3U1A++Z1C@ZY:DK
MF!3N`8[Z%\J4`!A=G7)




M4@\*65DI#?J2_(&84
K;Q/0?6=(9(F_?8M`RPQE-(\(19H@A104.#M-2OW)Y


M0T3/#A_A*B1!B_BCY#@QJY2FCY\[!P!*6=IV(3&PPL1=?M+U`+S2\CZR`M

R0*Z,@A0KJPZQCC5:%






M$]^X7K'4G@J?G2$(4N50'@A;$+'
PVC7DB1?X=;2YDENWUX1?13A5SX-*A
M@))O4R)'

MEC!6I^3-

M&0\Z)]W.26_HO

GLD?JE3^U-X:'3H1_6LE'5)F?EJ`ET'PPQJ?+O
MG!RF/;UYENI3F)=+]CH=!3E)]D@=%M*_<V]'U5BM]7BPILAX/([-`W%/01R


M3P93IQ[(8L(B/[!P93^NW%-\]^-JK:#E&5F_MOPBM4&1
0/=B!0FO`A7%$C5


M!'U=YV:*=9VBXASM@Q_0AVVZ\MK-`FU*YA

MP-N+4K`Y?
7'0RZB\^')*9U%K%;7\^F750Y8ONM2JKFNK@RE&ENNNDY+?RK?


05)M:/_0H25;P&(\B4`2_8$

=5_1S`DNM?RXV.)E%02`67Q5_^N]H^$5.YTM\38-(?<T

M)T926NXP?.QOXN







:M


M$J9K;:URRLAR/

?9`LK&CARY_:U:F5A%[QW5NC]
?NP-X-?+6Z/M6KT?@ET[BJ?^S\7%QX^7EU7FX&&<T_;:2<4/
M1Y#%KLFW_0O2?KYP3*


MM*YO


1#+=Y32
13^5Z[

HG

M80/L=2FWO;5V/Y6U







MWX'$?\#[]AJ#VP5&-%U^!3N5PM\^_B?S%RL[TQ8


M&8'QT'8X[OW

MK;Y39Y*CWL;OZ-D;%QF]_@O





%..4'AX

ZIWV+NSN@ZR%3I?-XK'Z!I0W

L3/:;H[KK*E4S7

]5&4Q.WDV_5[O


M)_

MRT`0%

M`IT9'U`YN)W`WY-L!C%V

G`^E1*U6+\ZS


;(VW0U[

ML7
.:=3CX<:.Y+MM<O1\.^.T




=ENQ?;
^O+IS?HE-G/.@`T_^3^7B/7#C?*P(I6JT()2:6
M
S2.'C@V
G1@:6!A;R-8X


M_P=02P


M[R]&HP[@(20^#A!9QU.[_^Y^]_`^+?EW]TN^`:H\`_!9?4ZX[(E'X&-W!
M3L%OB`&0\H^@S]@$

M3!Y/)4_'B!'0)!^.F*X[-.QKKGPP/*9KUAOS_H_??W\;TW1PO8Q422XZ'.
M6DIJ*9
TS2#@^Y3&\
?5@&






3;MLY&]BKW-'.O:L+7YB+6&KN%
MJ`ZE!P


M




M[8K-[#Q\W*J'RY$[&O;9!1QUUV!)FBIIVVY];8H$`WZ
*]XMK:VN%1NW/W&I
M=G^QP%9EK'

SE1L4
MCBE?#_7_0Y!5S%7*&K8_6S'[O`J[H]TD
_V2NS1JS%[
DNU/!VRMRW48S9S4
MT7KMEH9J&FH-_=++VSD6?^]I-TGY
TS*UI)#[=82\%Y1\4NC&V$


T;!
M]KNY+566/G.N_@&9/,LPTN\_`.#\C8B[@4%U@FB&$J;N4]AB!'ERCY7S/C


MK.
&A39QEFO6ZB:AS2

M)]+QV\@I






M


M[^+$W`LHCQ@2?ZA:XM=S2CUR`?U54Y/+_59G7B@V?


MT]'HGI7J0S44S



MJ[IMJF5OP90_841!71AL]&T'ZC;G^BV%`84K63KKU'DL51)(HYQ1&X;#ZV
2A9NPX+HW=I/RG`3^LX\H<\:%A<^3]02P,$%`````@`(#!;
M1;VB=,KE0``UF8``!4`'`!S;F%X+3(P
30P-C
P7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``]P7


MO]ULL
MP`7`?/YUM73!$_(8IN2L8QWT.P`1FSJ8S

M0CN__N=?/P#^[_./W2ZXPLAUANVMUK

M*_0*N\@#YW3YZ(?\2_&P_!T8$%0;=KH/8/1!SJ?;^[7JM=^/[CL-=[?GX^
M(/0)/E/O@1W8U$S=/0T\&ZUU
0+MAP6KK]XF5C]AX/5C.._@#[_;MWCGX:
M7%A]_F-P]&U@#8^.A_UCP_OXT`_8^C[]53_Z%XI_=C%Y&(H?4\@0X*00-EPQ
6_0[UN]O[Z,[^T%6L(N)H(<&W5B*:$E3\XZ/3WMR6_CIIF6
MJZGGQO<X[,5PUIKYMXZ_%D@V/NZ%7R:;X@+5=`
#YFT9$QMZ



_V:E&`W%*_
CGA
\XQ'-DX)MTX!G!3*_
MI2ZV






0
8P
M76HKV%RQ\$6]W!PA^_8
LJGLX`'KSB%\[(DY0`^Y/HNOR%E!MV]%*UWOHLN3



MD`^4[)JQ8//TFC.A3K2:G.R'#/

1F$.1AZB1S;


TF:D=[*B][5L;R6/5%HK^
M?W@SZ6\55R.N/&B'A?



\CS_5.A(:
MG&-6S
@
@OFY&+P/E=2\M;SL@+

@
CZ7]--(+UHH;[[#I$ZN*09G!4]=C

M

C`Q-#`V


MJC^*GXIDL5C\X6]/]QEZP$69YN0OKP[?'+QF,1YDI+;O[SZZ6I_=G4TG[]
M9161)

M^H0)+J(J+_Z



Z!J/5*7=SCJ
M^2.$_PNB8P*8`CE@G)(+B&*UK*@'-$L25*V#(RRBRA-YN0H6J9T=FMT2A8=
MGSQS@M_EF5$!#

MEAEPEU1J23!L
L(;TN@8+](XK=`LCE?WJXRMPC;ECV:AU/D%X2/KG]:OF6P:





D.;_$T
#L
V



M.\-+O


MJ]DZ4[:0G7F^.$U)1.*4O@%YF1J2$
:I!LG5=&B

Q/`2H<(&E64
M+UKC!IM]&NC#R6ELRQQ55IH.!3RFK2I!-C+TNQ)@&1$I:T$W%U=7)]!8D*


RXOGSUCG`_HB/KM9!:[;W=WOP72[`I04N&U$8'#@
MHL#+*$U.GI:8E+AV/IK6:61]LL((MTL/I2`8GIC0R?GW2S:Q+%%$$K04B@@+



MNUQ5N+C*%]5C5.#.D979/=M'_9T?*]!.[
8;\CL[GMK0_EQZK!4_!%:6ZME2
M/VE8_0N^H:



`OLBOF?,H@Y;G@6@;B=%!




XSE=T#+^(
MGJ.;S+(MI!/V.AH:`?=&1Z4D&`X9X2FJ[7!AM!328
A3K'!6T!;FUU'3]BV
M-610\$PB_`!D332D




M*#8Z-`DE&#DN_/@`HZC0XQ=A:]07207!JLNJU
G:J(F_*+T+19#0I)SPG!









3A4K-'4X
MJ[\N%`HP*&/+J9F8B@


-H+33P+32;1WW@



MA7

^.3B?TP:K0L(
M0RL5?(D?
%EI\Q/77_O=4.R#ZF\;BN_`$&(`:
B`YFL8W7V4E]7YHL:D=9P]





$&AB_;8WK2@9AB`Q5R9&U

JW6E2`C/N
MN2)5E_5

X=6.E/\PM011#D^W(F`8H\:EJ-C_
MD);LRKI%WO($4.V?S[BR#F0#&9_\4
+KLJ
G`&O84D'3G5Z`08;FM$V3R/(Q


$;V]E*=F/E5&

M@B]?)R*
H4A80X2;8W&'N$XWD/(

MA;2^!!CB*6'I+R/^E8L!221H89VE!

M(_2\%1

]MG6

OPY
MK[#%X=G4_!+.K1%]KIEU`-'

MS@O@EMU[F;FU4[]5+_\-+GB=%&T-HZRXCN`,Z&)PW#.!


V'4#J
]OH)(XI
M(:X%KKH2=?@


+SJ_Q6

MV5[@9B33X+MD0@@5&(/7L#@3G1:S.A7KN3%WE3.2=


D#]=EYD6KS

F58SM%]WW/CC5.H.]J;[62#JQ(Y#K=J]Y1O
$;Y'R\:7\A+'.'U@
MB]1+G$453BZB@F$]RK


M:T]M@#)O19PH01FSB:+D@9T8`5+HVOT]WM@10/70FWGF%S'9T./63C8:$^CF

`-PF$7]/_L76V\^1!E=

/5R557NC](56];K!:3@1L#OIAEG'
MP!)4QVZYP4+2]7_
8OIK*E

Z5*W86'24DY(N]D42

MS45IE(*


M7(_822,H3!&']QAX;1.[(G[9(8/K\V+]/2!&2*!D+@B1K?!`,PQ:N[E==Y.


D4UF6E6TUH7A4CZNRI3@LJ0+
M@%7!4B

!3L-AFU6
MB%+EL58!-1K@JJ9^C

MDEMH?
]Y;F`/#
VWT`AI;I61HJ7`L:;H#W=8?&W#GH@3NJ8O*]50P[79$.



@G$=4`NT3K2X#QCTI8TGU0




]G)=&1HT@:39NRQZ#.!C^V3%J
GHN3UBZ)=
M-B]I5@G

Z/W

MJF7!T


MMBCA4
@GZ]0`NZSJ2X!AC1*6M

MZ


G3\0WK
^YG*1WZD[1Z=D_E,*MX#;8Y@.^%U@SR8(9,!Y!#6GW*V1';(_;`BK
MU:/\GEUQSC=ZOM+V*CMNEOJJNWY4
.8)@U.
[BH@N'@.+S*S-]]GF*)NI9@
M
/


MB#_I^`?O@&-#5;]%T7,C2.GRP6[-[3!]P&W2[IPI3MTY.8MC02=[R
(OH4

;
20_.V]74%4^N:GN

*-93H6-#6QN02




X7F





M&17U2;;K_RMTEL^X5I#U3P,1UVO123&-*=7/\)%$0P-QZ5Z\B5)3HG(-G8




U3R_K




DVLFGFQZ48(EZFNFB!(5_8P&#

M(_CZ=Q1



I=5+J_-
4Y6
ML:G2_5@CT)REW
Q[G%MX44Y1`FV%&.OW=WZHIAMW1!C+KOX_GUR435^Z@4

#.



MK57'WPK7$?YZE6M1@
$91Y32


N*UH

M#US_F
$]7


VV
1V8L6OGC;
`J#
G`E=ET]9FA`/N

*I?0HL2H!YUQRJ_EHTF:C;QA?(^UP;9F?79



M$`/?[HHXA^_`\5CU%9SURB%Z;?-JR4!ZQXI/?1.RK!D%[9620A*;[A@5*1'
M:)44O=+]Z(S^13]N/J+_8,Z1?O)_4$L#!!0````(``P6T7KR#5[C!L``-ZB


?WGUV\W!^.9D.GT59#E*(A33!/_R*J&O_OD_
M__YO`?OOY_\X.`@F!

MA
0X#4[H8AGC'+


'QV-#O_WU_.;\!XOT`%).#@A?K6FXKW(
MZ$;OWKT[%']=-VVT?+I+X_5WO#E<#V?3,_LKT;2OC0C[S
QO'
:HES

M!







M%!P$:ZKJKRB)@J*+H-I'.?;UZ&





MX3V)-Y-HQO3
5I2EV*B!D:ITV1!V#L$)8R1%\93IS-._\+
.@T93(`@C_U!0

J/_H&B
MEX$[;

@$N_\0T+*L3L`KE9W
0DG
46R4_]FU+5FX#.;

ML

MR]F$)&Q
A
UZFA&#B[PDAU%WUI/V[!77O69&MMNY\I=;R;6N+`I.^E^UNJ)1
0N)R_CS0_)7*5XB$IT]+7&2X9(;-02*YL[<ZVPT'+L!R@U=H#+
MOD


MWL1AU


MT4`1'

*\.0.`4Q(EGZ*0K'+$A
M

Y0:PATG'=%1=%[EXE-U/D;DJ$S-LU
MFT&E.Y@'`RY=.0

MX))
KA6OS8&WAR/N\6!^C`Y'W'TYU%ZM5P4Q8%'94QMRT&P
16E`1X3EP57#
MLQ^@5.*L#8@T6T+A&
RK8`V'BEL_L!A'D=!WIOF(1-.DO%S5'$Y5!%!D!O
?

H6`-&UPB`YV#+G!^


M^]LA.%H#AD*TOT702J/7DZSC?!MY\?!:\LT;;?)-\&VMB__^FHRSF_
1D_IE

M1*[3EOI!S^]ELS%0TYJI)'=W]0G6IZOEI#*(RK6VM0=&=-U1]FL+HCNS_E

MIKLJ35R?1R$[V$OWV/=[G!







2A;[]:!+36.:INXCX`PE003]FO&C-%UM8S


M\8+7(6R%Q)K4FXVI`Q)U



Y$5ATYCTFQ
LQ;R
W_WIV

:M(1PF5VXA_/BV
MF#\0!O'Y]\R'$V338[0F&VX#X6M8V2R35_^E*!3HME
'V@I


\

9&19BW'?*PTI..;'AJRG
M&R-M7_Y$2'2^



2]C;I+&7W+YO
8)=2R-4
M1P

MP+$_4\0B^OQX

?F;B?)%Y9\L%HNB^`H_@Y)8:9/DQE-%PCXJCBT`^@T\2FD


;A8@3;P6C-J$^Z7#YD


QVQ2+]TUKZ:/:P*'A


M)-+!U'%3KTZ+D=@1G=;.WN0H1=:NXZ)JH9#R97UW;:RKDG%WO=[&&TG%E5

MJYD*2Z

UQHC1G1Z-M+:OT(#;)

?^BBP5Z__;A=IY'N5E:9:=.%828&O`EM*Q(O#I;B^



M/T`HJR_R^#9F`W(1@LT0`*GKPN(M=CB@./Q`;UVV^!D
FIK=0%O:ZQ,S.]_
MM7=E/`T8;G@/KBM]6\-O*YS]GPX\`_61Q#%C=OM]$?$L.G#=85PZREA+R!?

MD;3OR7FU;6MHVTK+BZM

M+WO/@/)3\R2!UCK%:Z8


M[YF--6:'&33'%ZO%'4XO9T5I%.@%6

%YA_P!M)7+
S

79
MOWT/






641!/RQ'_+#*NMAL1U1D]K#31)P0^P*JO!*6:R

*)S?7D1%;[4PZW-&0:S//HH5;W-6S3?S`1BFTGC*




MT%0L9]OTFK,2V1Z[LD

M?:


P-)











MF3\]BM2/A1?D`@2Y,6]V3#BBKIWFQSJ7EW;4,-,Y
4![J
8=N%TKQ3N0JT
M)*X-(@MTS

MQ

#$T
#8S










+_
H[!.B9S--[K.@4Z$(_+0!#X95%=


MG9X=

J7
H+

M9A3]XV^';?O]AZ2VJ7L(


MYJCDVMM5QWLKJXAR&0B-XM\P;@9\%POFTU1=4?9\%BL.$%M(F.2Z[W-3Y7



ML+42XQ
%BBHM?I691K\E=`=5AO42+GMXM*G+($*\5_3U7.M_42=A]6WJY-*
M?257N_-97M1AV#J;.KRXVU[)WUXZ2=;=^+J!-;]O$/^^??A&!SG0B&6N]Y@



2DBCZ&+.2<
1


%*


LK)A/]-U%0AA
M+^N1W6K9PZFWG'W+
F\[N+I\&;`5


M]9E+I@1^
*5?1-1'W;PH6U&SK9.IDHN+X2A;F):2VK:;:WJBDJU3!1RYX0I[


M
C`Q-#`V


4

M
#$T
#8S


&P``WJ(!`!4`&````````0```*2!
8D``'-N87@M
M
C`Q-#`V

M`Q0````(``P6T5?TW$!MPD``Y;```1`!@```````$```D@0RE``!S;F%X
M+3(P,30P-C,P+GAS9%54!0`#W!=.5'5XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````
..!@`&`!H```.KP``````
`
end











    
  
      

          











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        

008

008


        

008

432


        
        

576


        

165

165


        

356

442


        

809

723




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 acquired and internally developed computer software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Commitments and Contingencies (Details Narrative) (Siesta Flow LLC [Member]
 USD $)

        

      







          

        


        

384
000


        

562
500


        

719
000


        

843
000


        

799
000


        

000


        

716
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 2010 Time Associates (&#34;the
Company&#34;)
 a Nevada corporation
 acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Healthient
 Inc. (&#34;Healthient&#34;)
a Nevada corporation organized April 29
 2009
 in exchange for the issuance by the Company of a total of 43
618
356 newly issued
restricted shares of common voting stock to the Healthient shareholders pursuant the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated
as of September 23
 2010. Prior to the issuance of the shares
 the Company had 160
078 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.
Subsequent to the exchange there were 43
778
434 shares issued and outstanding. The shareholders of Healthient owned 99.6% of the
common stock outstanding of the Company after the issuance of the 43
618
356 shares. On November 15
 2010 Time Associates
 Inc.
name was changed to Healthient
 Inc.


on October 5
 2010 has been accounted for as a purchase and treated as a reverse acquisition and re-capitalization since the former
owners of Healthient controlled 99.6% of the total shares of common stock of the Company outstanding immediately following the
acquisition. In November 2010
 Healthient
 Inc. changed its name to SnackHealthy
 Inc.


 2013
 the Company changed its
name to &#34;SnackHealthy
 Inc.&#34; and dissolved its wholly-owned subsidiary SnackHealthy
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation.


 the historical financial statements
prior to October 5
 2010 have been restated to be those of the accounting acquirer Healthient (now SnackHealthy
 Inc.). The historical
stockholders' equity prior to the reverse acquisition has been retroactively restated (a re-capitalization) for the equivalent
number of shares received in the acquisition after giving effect to any difference in par value of the issuer's and acquirer's
stock. The original 160
078 shares of common stock outstanding prior to the exchange reorganization have been reflected as an addition
in the stockholders' equity account of the Company on October 5
 2010.


 Inc. markets and distributes
organic and all-natural healthy food products. The Company offers a portfolio of healthy foods and beverages that are organic
all-natural
 low-calorie
 and free from artificial sweeteners; created for consumption over several eating occasions daily. SnackHealthy
continues to pursue its mission of developing and distributing great tasting nutritious snacks
 and beverages under the SnackHealthy
brand. Healthient
 a division of SnackHealthy
 Inc. plans to focus on providing organic
 natural and gourmet food products to large
retailers and club stores in the U.S.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the nature of the event resulting in business interruption losses
 the aggregate amount of business interruption insurance recoveries recognized
 and the line item in the statement of operations in which those recoveries are classified (including amounts reported as an extraordinary item).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 Par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued
        

606


Common stock
 shares outstanding

467
380

606




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        


    
June
    30
 2014
June
    30
 2013

    
181
008
181
008

    
181
008
143
432

    
    
37
576

    
22
165
22
165

    
11
356
8
442

    
10
809
13
723





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

				 2014
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

467
380


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
Number
                                         of 
    

    
    
    

Shares
    issued in settlement of shareholder loans
2
231
596
13
523
547

Shares
    issued in settlement of accounts payable
261
875
654
687

Shares
    issued for independent contractor services
29
666
160
610

Shares
    issued in settlement of directors&#146; fees payable
2
769
351
15
925
415

Fractional
    shares issued (100:1 split)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
292
774
30
264
259






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        

954


        
        

672


        
        

282


        
        

952


        

415

636


        

427
795

799
500


        

946
210

694
088


        

946
210)

637
806)


        

946
210)

637
806)


Net loss per share
 basic and diluted
        
        


        

700
712

199




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The
Company has authorized 200
000
000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 and 25
000
000 shares of preferred stock
with a par value of $0.001.

On
October 1
 2012 and October 28
 2013
 the Company effected respectively a 50 to 1 and a 100 to 1 reverse split of its common stock
that has been reflected in the Stockholders&#146; Deficit.

During
the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company issued a total of 5
292
774 shares of common stock valued at $30
184
439 as
follows:



    
Number
                                         of 
    

    
    
    

Shares
    issued in settlement of shareholder loans
2
231
596
13
523
547

Shares
    issued in settlement of accounts payable
261
875
654
687

Shares
    issued for independent contractor services
29
666
160
610

Shares
    issued in settlement of directors&#146; fees payable
2
769
351
15
925
415

Fractional
    shares issued (100:1 split)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
292
774
30
264
259


Note:
the 12/31/2013 Market value didn't add up right.

In
addition the shares issued included the 286 in the total and again separate putting the total off by the 286 I have corrected
by taking 286 shars\e off the Directors fees payable.

The
Company used market price on date of issuance as fair market value.

At December 31
 2013 the Company had a balance of 4
716
000 common shares remaining to be issued in satisfaction of the settlement agreement. Under the agreement
 the shares can be drawn upon at any time
 provided that the number of shares of common stock of the Company beneficially owned by the purchaser of the Siesta Flow LLC's claim does not exceed 9.99%. 

Non-Employee
Stock Options and Warrants
The
Company accounts for non-employee stock options and warrants under ASC 718
 whereby option and warrant costs are recorded based
on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably
measurable. Unless otherwise provided for
 the Company covers option and warrant exercises by issuing new shares.

There were no warrants or stock options outstanding
during the year ended June 30
 2014 or 2013. All warrants issued in prior periods expired without being exercised.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


The Company
gave up its leased office space in Jupiter
 Florida in January 2014
 and acquired a new office lease in Newport Beach
 California.
The Florida leaseholder obtained a judgment in the amount of $181
968 for the remainder of the monthly lease payments through
June 2016 pursuant to the terms of the lease agreement plus legal fees of $1
487. The Company has recorded the full amount of
the judgment
 however believes that when the facility is re-leased it may not have to pay the full amount. Upon the leaseholder&#146;s
execution of a new lease with a new tenant
 the Company plans to file for the release of the amount of the judgment over and above
the actual loss incurred by the leaseholder. There is no guarantee the property will be re-leased or that such a filing will be
successful and that the Company will be able to mitigate its loss in this way.

The Company&#146;s
Newport Beach
 California lease term is one year commencing January 2014 at the rate of $1
439 per month. We believe that our
existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs and that suitable additional or alternative space will be available
at this facility if needed. We have no assurance that future terms would be as favorable as our current terms.

The Company
has not invested in any real property at this time
 nor does the Company intend to do so. The Company has no formal policy with
respect to investments in real estate or investments with persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.


In 2011
Siesta Flow LLC filed a legal action against the Company in the Twelfth Circuit Court of Sarasota County
 Florida
 alleging breach
of contract and seeking damages in the amount of 92
000 plus costs. In April
 2012
 the court has issued final summary judgment
against the Company in the total amount of $95
500.&#160; On April 27
 2012
 the court issued an order to approve a settlement
of the judgment issued against the Company.&#160; According to the terms of the approved settlement
 a third party and a non-party
to the legal action against the Company
 agreed to purchase the claim of Siesta Flow LLC. in the amount of $75
000 and additional
claims against the Company from other parties
 for a total amount of $95
500 in exchange for the issuance of 19
100
000 shares
of common stock by the Company
 subject to certain limitations on the issuance of such shares set forth in settlement. The Company
has recorded the settlement agreement at the market price of the stock on the date of issuance.

During the year ended June 30
 2013
 the Company issued 14
384
000 shares of common stock with a market value of $7
562
500 in payment of the settlement. $1
719
000 was in satisfaction of the settlement payable and $5
843
000 was recognized as a loss on the settlement of this liability
 which was netted to $5
799
000 by forgiven amounts of $44
000. At June 30
 2014 there is a balance of 4
716
000 common shares remaining to be issued under the settlement agreement. Under the agreement
 the shares can be drawn upon at any time
 provided that the number of shares of common stock of the Company beneficially owned by the purchaser of the Siesta Flow LLC's claim does not exceed 9.99%. 

In June
of 2013
 a former officer of the Company filed a lawsuit against the Company and its President and directors alleging several
counts
 including a breach of contract and fiduciary duty
 and seeking damages in the amount of $122
300 and other unspecified
damages.&#160;&#160;The Company considers the lawsuit without any merit and will defend it vigorously.&#160;&#160;On September
18
 2013
 the plaintiff filed a motion to compel early mediation. In February 2014 the parties attended a settlement conference;
however
 no settlement could be reached. As of June 30
 2014 the case was still pending.

On October
8
 2014
 a former Director pled not guilty to charges by the U.S. Attorney&#146;s office of 15 U.S.C. Sections 77e and 77x (Illegal
Sales of Unregistered Securities) and 18 U.S.C. Section 2 (Aiding and Abetting and Causing an Act to be Done). The alleged violation
pertains to January
 2012 when the Director caused the Company to issue shares of common stock pursuant to the Company's 2010
Equity Compensation Plan
 as amended
 registered on the registration statement on Form S-8
 purportedly for certain consulting
services provided to the Company. According to the charges
 the actual intended purpose of such stock issuances was to raise capital
for the Company through the sale of its stock. Shares registered on Form S-8 cannot be used by the issuer to raise capital for
the issuer or to promote the issuer's stock price and are limited for the issuance to the issuer's employees
 consultants
 and
advisors for bona fide services to the company. Our current management was not involved
 had no knowledge of these allegations
and is conducting a thorough review and investigation of its policies and compliance procedures to discover any deficiencies in
its internal controls.

On July 24
 2014
 the Company
its Chairman and Chief Financial Officer received subpoenas from the Securities Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) that
In the Matter of PEI Worldwide and Certain Other Issuers
and that the subpoena was issued to the Company
 its Chairman and CFO as part of the foregoing
investigation.&#160;&#160; The Company has no knowledge of PEI Worldwide.&#160;&#160;The SEC&#146;s subpoena and accompanying
letter do not indicate whether the Company (or its Chairman and CFO
 respectively) is
 or is not
 under investigation.&#160;&#160;The
Company has contacted the SEC&#146;s staff regarding the subpoenas
 and the Company is cooperating with the SEC.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

500

500


        

250

750


        

250

750




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
March
    31
 2014
    
    
June
    30
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
200
000
    
    
    
3
263
000
    

    
    
    
(9
200
000
    
    
    
(3
263
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

    
    


 net of Federal tax benefit
    

    
    

    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company has evaluated all events that occurred after June 30
2014 through the date when the financial statements were issued on October 22
 2014 to determine if they must be reported.&#160;&#160;The
Management of the Company determined that there were no material subsequent events to be disclosed.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During the year ended June 30
 2014
 directors&#146;
fees payable of $180
000 and loans from shareholders in the amount of $442
001 were settled by the issuance of 2
769
637 and 2
231
596
shares of our common stock
 respectively.


 2014 shareholder advanced the
Company an additional $84
637 which is non-interest bearing and due on demand.&#160;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income
 and compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The components of the deferred tax asset
are as follows:



    
    
March
    31
 2014
    
    
June
    30
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
200
000
    
    
    
3
263
000
    

    
    
    
(9
200
000
    
    
    
(3
263
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The Company had available approximately
$46
000
000 at June 30
 2014 and $16
319
000 at June 30
 2013 of unused Federal and Florida net operating loss carry-forwards
that may be applied against future taxable income. These net operating loss carry-forwards expire through 2033. There is no assurance
that the Company will realize the benefit of the net operating loss carry-forwards.

ASC No. 740 requires a valuation allowance
to be recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

Reconciliation of the differences between
the statutory tax rate and the effective income tax rate is as follows at June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013 respectively:



    
    
    
    
    

State taxes
 net of Federal tax benefit
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with an original maturity of three months or less as cash equivalents.


        
Certain amounts previously presented for prior year
have been reclassified. The reclassifications had no effect on net loss
 total assets
 or shareholders' deficit.


        
The carrying value of the Company&#146;s financial
instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and due to related parties
 as reported
in the accompanying balance sheets
 approximates fair value.


        
In accordance with ASC 350
 the Company regularly
reviews the carrying value of intangible and other long-lived assets for the existence of facts or circumstances
 both internally
and externally
 that may suggest impairment. If impairment testing indicates a lack of recoverability
 an impairment loss is recognized
by the Company if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.



        
The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
on the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.



        
Revenue is recognized when products are shipped
which is when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. The Company classifies selling discounts and rebates
 if any
 as a reduction
of revenue.



        
Inventory comprises packaged healthy snacks
ready for final sale
 and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined by the first-in
 first-out method.



        
Property and equipment are stated at cost and
depreciated on the straight line method over the estimated life of the asset
 which is three to seven years.



        
The Company has adopted the provisions of FASB
Costs incurred in the planning state of a websites
are expensed
 while costs incurred in the development stage are capitalized and amortized over the estimated three year life of
the asset.



        
The drink license is being amortized over three
years.



        
The Company accounts for income taxes under
FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&#147;ASC 740-10-25&#148;) Income Taxes.&#160;&#160;Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&#160;&#160;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled.&#160;&#160;Under ASC 740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.



        
        

statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company had a net loss of $29
998
421
during the year ended June 30
 2014. Cash used in operations for the year approximated $144
000. This raises substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the
Company&#146;s ability to raise additional capital and to successfully implement its business plan.&#160;

being taken and the success of future operations will be sufficient to enable the Company to continue as a going concern.


 there can be no assurance that the
raising of equity will be successful. Failure to achieve the needed equity funding could have a material adverse effect on the
Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.



        
In December 2004
 the FASB issued FASB Accounting
Standards Codification No. 718
.&#160;&#160;Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification
No. 718
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date
fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services.
Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation
rights and employee share purchase plans.&#160;&#160;As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair
value.&#160;&#160;Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant.&#160;&#160;The
Company applies this statement prospectively.


issued to other than employees are recorded on the basis of the fair value of the instruments
 as required by FASB Accounting Standards
Codification No. 718.&#160; FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 505
 defines
the measurement date and recognition period for such instruments.&#160; In general
 the measurement date is when either a (a) performance
commitment
 as defined
 is reached or (b) the earlier of (i) the non-employee performance is complete or (ii) the instruments are
vested. The measured value related to the instruments is recognized over a period based on the facts and circumstances of each
particular grant as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.



        
Net Loss per Common Share is computed pursuant
to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 260
.&#160;&#160;Basic net loss per share is computed by
dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per
share is computed in the same way as for Basic net loss.


were issued and outstanding during the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013. At June 30
 2014 the Company had 4
716
000 common shares
remaining to be issued in satisfaction of the settlement agreement. These shares have not been included in the number diluted shares
because their effect would be anti-dilutive as the Company realized losses all periods presented in these financial statements.


30
 2014.



        
        
The Company has reviewed all recently issued
 but not yet effective
accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material
impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets
 by geographic areas located in the entity's country of domicile and foreign countries in which the entity holds assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may be different from classifications in the prior year's financial statements. Disclose any material changes in classification including an explanation of the reason for the change and the areas impacted.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

946
210)

637
806)


        

000
        


        

716
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000
000

319
000


        

263
000)

200
000)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning balance
 amount at Jun. 30
 2012
        

510
516

447
097)

936
558)
        


Beginning balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2012

897
        
        
        
        


Common stock canceled for services
 shares
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock canceled for services
 Amount
        

136)
        

136)
        


Common stock issued for services
 shares

892
        
        
        
        


Common stock issued for services
 Amount
        

716
        

720

809


Shares issued for settlement of lawsuit
 shares

840
        
        
        
        


Shares issued for settlement of lawsuit
 Amount
        

562
356
        

562
500
        


Share issued for convertible note
 shares

075
        
        
        
        


Share issued for convertible note
 Amount
        

446
        

450
        


        
        
        

637
805)

637
805)
        


Ending balance
 Amount at Jun. 30
 2013
        

532
898

084
902)

829)

829)


Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2013

606
        
        
        
        


Common stock issued for services
 shares

666
        
        
        
        


Common stock issued for services
 Amount
        

781
        

810

810


Common shares issued for settlement of liabilities
 shares

262
822
        
        
        
        


Common shares issued for settlement of liabilities
 Amount

263

098
386
        

103
649
        


Fractional shares issued (100-1 split)
 shares
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

946
210)

946
210)
        


Ending balance
 Amount at Jun. 30
 2014

467

792
065

031
112)

580)

580)


Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2014

467
380
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
June
    30
 2014
June
    30
 2013

License
    for drink
7
500
7
500

    
6
250
3
750

    
1
250
3
750

    
    
    


The Company&#146;s
license for drink is being amortized over three years.&#160;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


State taxes
 net of Federal tax benefit
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 extraterritorial income exclusion deduction
 qualified production activity deduction
 dividend deduction
 deduction for dividend paid to employee stock ownership plan
 Medicare prescription drug benefit subsidy deduction
 and other deductions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
June
    30
 2014
June
    30
 2013

License
    for drink
7
500
7
500

    
6
250
3
750

    
1
250
3
750

    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets
 that lack physical substance
 having a limited useful life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













