

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000916540-14-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140226
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DARLING INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000916540
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FATS & OILS [2070]
		IRS NUMBER:				362495346
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13323
		FILM NUMBER:		14645296
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		251 O CONNOR RIDGE BLVD
		STREET 2:		STE 300
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9727170300
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		251 OCONNOR RIDGE BLVD
		STREET 2:		#300
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75038












		


Washington
For the fiscal year ended December 28
251 O'Connor Ridge Blvd.
Irving
Registrant's telephone number
&#160;Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the Registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.&#160;&#160;See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
As of the last day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
2
176
185
&#32;based upon the closing price of the common stock as reported on the NYSE on that day. (In determining the market value of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock held by non-affiliates
 shares of common stock beneficially owned by directors
164
299
&#32;shares of common stock
 $0.01 par value
February&#160;19
DECEMBER&#160;28
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
DIRECTORS
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
EXHIBITS
Founded by the Swift meat packing interests and the Darling family in 1882
 Darling International Inc. (Darling
 and together with its subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware in 1962 under the name Darling-Delaware Company, Inc.&#160;&#160;On December&#160;28
 1993
 Darling changed its name from Darling-Delaware Company, Inc. to Darling International Inc.&#160;&#160;The address of Darling's principal executive office is 251 O'Connor Ridge Boulevard
 Suite 300
 Irving
 Texas
 75038
We are a global developer and producer of sustainable natural ingredients from edible and inedible bio-nutrients
 creating a wide range of ingredients and customized specialty solutions for customers in the food
 pet food
 pharmaceutical
 feed
 fuel
&#32;continents
 the Company recycles all aspects of animal by-product streams into useable and specialty ingredients
 such as gelatin
 tallow
 feed-grade fats
 meat and bone meal
 poultry meal
 yellow grease
 fuel feed stocks
 green energy
 natural casings and hides. Value-added products include edible fats
 bone products
 fertilizers and blood products. The Company also recovers and converts used cooking oil and commercial bakery residuals into valuable feed and fuel ingredients. &#160;In addition
 the Company provides grease trap collection services and sells used cooking oil collection equipment to restaurants and collects and land applies primarily food residuals.  In fiscal 2013
1
We are a leading provider of animal by-product processing
&#32;processing and transfer facilities to produce finished products such as protein (primarily meat and bone meal (MBM) and poultry meal (PM))
 fats (primarily bleachable fancy tallow (BFT)
 poultry grease (PG) and yellow grease (YG))
 bakery by-products (BBP) and hides
 as well as a range of branded and value-added products.&#160;&#160;Darling sells these products in North America and throughout the world
 primarily to producers of animal feed
 pet food
 biodiesel
 fertilizer and other consumer and industrial ingredients
 including oleo-chemicals
 soaps and leather goods
On October 28
 2013
 we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Rothsay (&#8220;Rothsay&#8221;)
 the rendering and biodiesel division of Maple Leaf Foods
 Inc.
 a Canadian corporation (MFI)
 pursuant to an Acquisition Agreement dated August 23
 2013
 by and between MFI and Darling (the Rothsay Acquisition).  Rothsay is a leading recycler of animal by-products and producer of biodiesel in Canada.  Rothsay processes raw materials into finished fats and proteins products for use in animal feed
 pet food
 biodiesel
&#32;rendering plants in Manitoba
 Ontario and Nova Scotia and a biodiesel operation in Quebec
 Canada. Prior to the Rothsay Acquisition
Europe
 China
On January 7
 2014
 we acquired the VION Ingredients business division (&#8220;VION Ingredients&#8221;) of VION Holding
 N.V.
 a Dutch limited liability company (&#8220;VION&#8221;) by purchasing all of the shares of VION Ingredients International (Holding) B.V.
 and VION Ingredients Germany GmbH
&#32;of Best Hides GmbH (collectively
 the VION Companies)
 pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated October 5
 2013
 as amended
 between Darling and VION (the &#8220;VION Acquisition&#8221;).  The VION Ingredients business is now conducted under the name Darling Ingredients International.  Darling Ingredients International is a worldwide leader in the development and production of specialty ingredients from animal by-products for applications in animal feed
 pet food
 fuel
 bioenergy
 fertilizer
&#32;brands: Rendac (fuel)
 Sonac (proteins
 fats
 edible fats and blood products)
 Ecoson (bioenergy)
 Rousselot (gelatin)
&#32;products covers all animal origin raw material types and thereby offers a comprehensive
 single source solution for suppliers. Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s business has leading positions across Europe with operations in the Netherlands
 Belgium
 Germany
Rendac and Sonac brand names. Value-added products include edible fats
 blood products
 bone products
 protein meals and fats. Rousselot is a global leading market provider of gelatin for the food
 pharmaceutical and technical industries with operations in Europe
 the United States
 South America and China. CTH is a leading natural casings company for the sausage industry with operations in Europe
 China and the United States.
 we operated solely in North America and our operations were organized into two segments
 Rendering and Bakery.  The description below includes Rothsay
 which we acquired on October 28
 2013. For the financial results of these business segments
&#32;performance
The Company's historic rendering operations
 which in North America are conducted under the Dar-Pro Solutions&#174; brand and
 after the Rothsay Acquisition
 the Rothsay brand
  have collected two primary types of animal by-products
 (i) beef and pork by-products and (ii) poultry by-products
 which are collected primarily from meat and poultry processors
 grocery stores
 butcher shops and food service establishments. These rendering materials are collected in one of two manners.  Certain large suppliers
 such as large meat processors and poultry processors
 are furnished with bulk containers into which the raw material is loaded.  The Company provides the remaining suppliers
 primarily grocery stores and butcher shops
 with containers in which to deposit the raw material.  The containers are picked up by or emptied into the Company&#8217;s trucks on a periodic basis.  The type and frequency of service is determined by individual supplier requirements
 the volume of raw material generated by the supplier
 supplier location and weather
 among other factors. The raw materials collected by the Company are transported either directly to a processing plant or to a transfer station where materials from several collection routes are loaded into trailers and transported to a processing plant.  Collections of animal processing by-products generally are made during the day
The Company&#8217;s North American Rendering segment has also historically collected used cooking oil and trap grease from restaurants
 food service establishments and grocery stores. Many of the Company's customers operate stores that are part of national chains. Used cooking oil from food service establishments is placed in various sizes and types of containers which are supplied by the Company. In some instances
 these containers are unloaded directly onto the trucks
 while in other instances used cooking oil is pumped through a vacuum hose into the truck.  The Company sells two types of containers in North America for used cooking oil collection to food service establishments called CleanStar&#174; and BOSS
 both of which are proprietary self-contained collection systems that are housed either inside or outside the establishment
 with the used cooking oil pumped directly into collection vehicles via an outside valve. The frequency of all forms of used cooking oil and trap grease raw material collection is determined by the volume of oil generated by the food service establishment. The Company either transports trap grease to waste treatment centers or recycles it at its facilities into a host of environmentally safe product streams
 including fuel and feed ingredients. The Company provides its customers with a comprehensive set of solutions to their trap grease disposal needs
 including manifests for regulatory compliance
Certain of the Company's North American rendering facilities are highly dependent on one or a few suppliers.&#160;&#160;During the 2013 fiscal year
&#32;of the total raw material processed by the Company
.&#160; See Risk Factors - A significant percentage of our revenue is attributable to a limited number of suppliers and customers.&#160; Should any of these suppliers choose alternate methods of disposal
 cease or materially decrease their operations
 have their operations interrupted by casualty or otherwise cease using or reduce the use of the Company&#8217;s collection services
 the operating facilities serving those customers could be materially and adversely affected.&#160;&#160;(See Risk factors-Certain of our operating facilities are highly dependent upon a single or a few suppliers.)  For a discussion of the Company&#8217;s competition for raw materials
The Company&#8217;s North American Rendering segment produces finished products primarily through the grinding
 cooking
 separating
 drying
 and blending of various raw materials.  The process starts with the collection of animal by-products (including fat
 bones
 feathers
 offal and other animal by-products).  The animal by-products are ground and heated to extract water and separate oils and grease from animal tissue as well as to sterilize and make the material suitable as an ingredient for animal feed.  The separated oils
 tallows
The primary finished products derived from the processing of animal by-products are tallow
 PG
 MBM
 PM
 feather meal
 and blood meal.  In addition
 at certain of its North American facilities
 the Company is able to operate multiple process lines simultaneously
 which provides it with the flexibility and capacity to manufacture a line of premium and value-added products in addition to its principal finished products.  Because of these processing controls
Used cooking oil
 which is recovered from restaurants
 is heated
 settled
 and purified for use as an animal feed additive or is further processed into biodiesel. Products derived from used cooking oil include YG
 biodiesel
 and Fat for Fuel&#174;
The Company&#8217;s North American hides and skins operations process hides and skins from beef and hog processors
 respectively into outputs used in commercial applications such as the leather industry.  The Company sells treated hides and skins to external customers
The Company&#8217;s North American fertilizer operations
 utilize finished products from the rendering segment to manufacture fertilizers from USDA approved ingredients that contain no waste by-products (i.e.
 sludge or sewage waste).  The Company&#8217;s primary North American fertilizer product line is Nature Safe&#174;
 an organic
 protein-based fertilizer. The Company&#8217;s North American fertilizer products are predominately sold to golf courses
 sports facilities
As a result of the Company's acquisition of Terra Renewal Services
 Inc (TRS) on August 26
 2013
 the Company also collects non-hazardous liquid from the food processing industry and reprocesses and recycles these residuals (the Food Residuals)
The Company is a leading processor of bakery residuals in the United States.  The bakery feed division
 which operates solely within the United States
 collects bakery residual materials and processes the raw materials into BBP
 including Cookie Meal&#174;
In the United States
 bakery by-products are collected from large commercial bakeries that produce a variety of products
 including cookies
 crackers
 cereal
 bread
 dough
 potato chips
 pretzels
 sweet goods and biscuits
 among others.  The Company collects these materials by bulk loading onsite at the bakeries utilizing proprietary equipment
 the majority of which is designed
 engineered
 manufactured
 and installed by the Company.  All of the bakery residual that the Company collects is bulk loaded
 which represents a significant advantage over competitors that receive a large percentage of raw materials from less efficient
 manual methods.  The receipt of bulk-loaded bakery residual allows the Company to significantly streamline its bakery recycling process
 reduce personnel cost
The highly automated bakery feed production process involves sorting and separating raw material
 mixing it to produce the appropriate nutritional content
 drying it to reduce excess moisture
 and grinding it to the consistency of animal feed.  During the bakery residual process
 packaging materials are removed.  The packaging material is fed into a combustion chamber along with sawdust and heat is produced.  This heat is used in the dryers to remove moisture from the raw materials that have been partially ground.  Finally
 the dried meal is ground to the specified granularity.  The finished product
 which is continually tested to ensure that the caloric and nutrient contents meet specifications
&#32;finished products were predominantly proteins (primarily MBM and PM)
 fats (primarily BFT
 PG and YG)
 BBP and hides.  MBM
 PM and BBP are used primarily as high protein additives in animal feed and pet food.  Fats are used as ingredients in the production of animal feed
 pet food
 soaps and as a substitute for traditional fuels.  Oleo-chemical producers use these fats as feed stocks to produce specialty ingredients used in paint
 rubber
 paper
 concrete
 plastics and a variety of other consumer and industrial products.  Hides are sold to tanneries or leather distributors and manufacturers for the production of leather goods.  The finished products listed above are commodities that compete with other commodities such as corn
 soybean oil
 inedible corn oil
 palm oils
 soybean meal and heating oil on nutritional and functional values and therefore actual pricing for the Company's finished products
 as well as competing products
 can be quite volatile.  While the Company's finished products are generally sold at prices prevailing at the time of sale
The Company's meal products include MBM
 PM
 feather meal and blood meal. All of the Company's meal products are protein-rich and contain essential minerals and amino acids
 which are critically important components of animal feed.  MBM
 blood meal
The Company produces a range of animal fats from its rendering operations.  Animal fats are an additive in livestock and pet foods that contains essential fatty acids and energy and enhances the taste of the foods.  Animal fats are also frequently sold to soap and beauty products manufacturers as well as industrial manufacturers of paint
 rubber
 paper
 concrete
The Company produces several different types of grease including YG and brown grease.  Grease
 similar to animal fats
 is an essential ingredient in livestock and pet foods due to its fatty acid composition and high energy content.  Due to its nutritional content
 the majority of the Company's YG is sold to meat and poultry producers who use the grease as a feed additive.  In addition
Premium
The Company's premium
 value-added and branded products command significantly higher pricing relative to its principal finished product lines due to their enhanced nutritional content
For the financial results of the Company's business segments
&#32;continuing operations by operating segment
1
457
1
406
1
501
265
295
295
1
723
1
701
1
797
With the closing of the VION Acquisition and the Rothsay Acquisition
 the Company has become a global developer and producer of sustainable natural ingredients from edible and inedible bio-nutrients
 creating a wide range of ingredients and customized specialty solutions for customers in the food
 pet food
 pharmaceutical
 feed
 fuel
&#32;locations
&#32;production facilities
10
&#32;employees.  Following the VION Acquisition in January 2014
&#32;(which will include the edible and inedible animal by-products
&#32;(which will include the gelatin
Our Feed Ingredients segment consists principally of (i) our U.S. ingredients business
 including our used cooking oil
 trap grease and food residuals collection businesses
 the Rothsay ingredients business
 and the ingredients and specialty products businesses conducted by Darling Ingredients International under the Sonac name (proteins
 fats
:  The Company's North American animal by-products operations collect beef
 poultry and pork by-products
 which are collected primarily from slaughterhouses
 grocery stores
 butcher shops and food service establishments.  These raw materials are collected in one of two manners.&#160;&#160;Certain large suppliers
 such as large slaughterhouses
 are furnished with bulk containers in which the raw material is loaded.&#160;&#160;We provide the remaining suppliers
 primarily grocery stores and butcher shops
 with containers in which to deposit the raw material.&#160;&#160;The containers are picked up by or emptied into the Company&#8217;s trucks on a periodic basis.&#160;&#160;The type and frequency of service is determined by individual supplier requirements
 the volume of raw material generated by the supplier
 supplier location and weather
In North America
 we also collect used cooking oil from and service grease traps at restaurants
 food service establishments and grocery stores.  Many of our customers operate stores that are part of national chains.  Used cooking oil from food service establishments is placed in various sizes and types of containers that we supply.  In some instances
 these containers are unloaded directly onto our trucks
 while in other instances used cooking oil is pumped through a vacuum hose into the truck.&#160;&#160;We sell two types of containers for used cooking oil collection to food service establishments called CleanStar&#174; and B.O.S.S.
 both of which are proprietary self-contained collection systems that are housed either inside or outside the establishment
 with the used cooking oil pumped directly into collection vehicles via an outside valve.  The frequency of all forms of used cooking oil collection is determined by the volume of oil generated by the food service establishment. We either transport trap grease to waste treatment centers or recycle it at our facilities into a host of environmentally safe product streams. We provide our customers with a comprehensive set of solutions to their trap grease disposal needs
 including manifests for regulatory compliance
routing for consistent cleaning and comprehensive trap cleaning.  The Company also collects non-hazardous liquid and semi-solid waste streams from the food processing industry and reprocesses and recycles these residuals
We produce finished products primarily through the grinding
 cooking
 separating
 drying
 and blending of various raw materials.&#160;&#160;The process starts with the collection of animal by-products (including fat
 bones
 feathers
 offal and other animal by-products).&#160;&#160;The animal by-products are ground and heated to evaporate water and separate fats from animal tissue
 as well as to sterilize and make the material suitable as an ingredient for animal feed.&#160;&#160;The separated fats
 tallows and greases are then centrifuged and/or refined for purity.&#160;&#160;The remaining solid product is pressed to remove additional oils to create protein meals.&#160;&#160;The protein meal is then sifted through screens and ground further if necessary to produce an appropriately sized protein meal.  The primary finished products derived from the processing of animal by-products are MBM
 PM (both feed grade and pet food)
 PG
 tallow
 feather meal and blood meal.&#160;&#160;In addition
 at certain of our facilities
 we are able to operate multiple process lines simultaneously
 which provides us with the flexibility and capacity to manufacture a line of premium and value-added products in addition to our principal finished products.&#160;&#160;Because of these processing controls
Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s ingredients and specialty products businesses are operated under the Sonac name by our Sonac C3
 Sonac Bone and Sonac Blood business activities. The Sonac ingredients and specialty products businesses of Darling Ingredients International operate similarly to our North American ingredients division.  However
 the Sonac businesses
 with the exception of Sonac C3
Sonac C3 processes animal by-product collected primarily from slaughterhouses
 into proteins and fats for applications used in the pet food
 feed
 technical
 biofuels and oleo-chemical markets. Oleo-chemical producers use fats to produce specialty ingredients used in paint
 rubber
 paper
 concrete
Sonac Bone processes porcine bones into fat
 bone protein
 glue
 bone ash and bone chips for the feed
 pet food
Sonac Blood processes bovine
 porcine and ovine blood by separating blood into plasma and hemoglobin and produces specialized end products for application in the feed and pet food markets. Sonac Blood&#8217;s end products include plasma
 fibrimex
The Company is a leading processor of bakery residuals in the United States.&#160;&#160;The bakery by-products division
 which operates solely in the United States
 collects bakery residual materials and processes the raw materials into BBP
 including Cookie Meal&#174;
Bakery by-products are collected from large commercial bakeries that produce a variety of products
 including cookies
 crackers
 cereal
 bread
 dough
 potato chips
 pretzels
 sweet goods and biscuits.&#160;&#160;The Company collects these materials by bulk loading onsite at the bakeries utilizing proprietary equipment
 the majority of which is designed
 engineered
 manufactured and installed by us.&#160;&#160;All of the bakery residual that the Company collects is bulk loaded
 which represents a significant advantage over competitors that receive a large percentage of raw materials from less efficient
 manual methods.&#160;&#160;The receipt of bulk-loaded bakery residual allows us to significantly streamline our bakery recycling process
 reduce personnel costs
The highly automated bakery by-products production process involves sorting and separating raw material
 mixing it to produce the appropriate nutritional content
 drying it to reduce excess moisture and grinding it to the consistency of animal feed.&#160;&#160;During the bakery residual process
 packaging materials are removed.&#160;&#160;The packaging material is fed into a combustion chamber along with sawdust and heat is produced.&#160;&#160;This heat is used in the dryers to remove moisture from the raw materials that have been partially ground.&#160;&#160;Finally
 the dried meal is ground to the specified granularity.&#160;&#160;The finished product
 which is continually tested to ensure that the caloric and nutrient contents meet specifications
Our Feed Ingredients segment also includes the Company&#8217;s hides businesses
 including that operated under the BestHides name by Darling Ingredients International
Our hides operations process hides and skins from beef and hog processors
 respectively into outputs used in commercial applications
 such as the leather industry. We sell treated hides and skins to external customers
 the majority of which are tanneries. BestHides sources
 sorts and processes hides from slaughterhouses
 renderers and traders in Western Europe
 and has a leading position in the premium South German hides market. Fresh and salted hides and fresh skins are sold to tanneries
 automotive companies
 leather processors and to the shoe and furniture industries in Italy
Our fertilizer operations utilize finished products from our animal by-products division to manufacture organic fertilizers from ingredients approved by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;) that contain no waste by-products (i.e.
Our Food Ingredients segment consists principally of (i) the gelatin business conducted by Darling Ingredients International under the Rousselot name
Rousselot is a global leading market provider of gelatin and hydrolyzed collagen for the food
 nutritional pharmaceutical and technical (photographic) industries with operations in Europe
 China
 South America and the United States.  Rousselot has a network of 13 production plants and 7 sales locations
 covering sales into more than 75 countries. With the Rousselot gelatin business
 the Company is part of the growing global gelatin market. Gelatin is a functional ingredient
 which means that it has a role in the end product by adding a critical property to it that is largely non-substitutable. Gelatin is used in a large variety of end products
 but only small amounts are used in most products. Currently
 available substitutes are limited and do not have the broad functionality required for most usages.  Rousselot gelatin products have higher sales prices relative to the Company&#8217;s other end products
 but comprise a minimal portion of the cost of final products in many segments
 for example pharmaceutical end markets. Many end customers focus on gelatin quality and consistency
 supply reliability
 application know-how and regulatory support and are therefore relatively less price sensitive to gelatin products. Rousselot&#8217;s profitability is mainly driven by its ability to timely transfer increases in net raw materials costs to its customers in order to realize a relatively stable added value per kilogram of gelatin in combination with a strong focus on operations excellence and product quality. Rousselot is involved in all four types of gelatin (pigskin
 hide
 bone and fish). Raw material prices are mainly driven by the availability and quality of raw material
 and sales prices are mainly driven by market demand and the expected availability of gelatin supply. As such
 securing sufficient raw material positions is key to the business. Rousselot enters into formal arrangements related to raw material purchases that differ by raw material type
 by duration and by regional area.  Rousselot markets its hydrolyzed collagen under the &#8220;Peptan&#8221; brand; this fast-growing specialty ingredient is positioned specifically towards nutritional supplements customers focusing on improved bone
The CTH business of Darling Ingredients International is a leading  natural casings company for the sausage business with operations in Europe
CTH Casings harvests
 sorts and sells hog and sheep casings for worldwide food markets
 particularly sausage manufacturers
 and harvests
 processes and sells hog and beef bowel package items for global pharmaceutical
CTH Meat By-Products harvests
 purchases and processes hog
 sheep and beef meat by-products for customers in the global food and European pet food industries. In the meat by-products market
In addition
Sonac Fat primarily melts
We produce biodiesel at our facilities in the United States and Canada. In the United States
 we use a portion of our rendered animal fats and recycled greases
 as well as third-party additives
 to produce Bio G-3000&#8482; Premium Diesel Fuel. We have the annual capacity to produce two million gallons of Bio G-3000&#8482; at our facility in Butler
 Kentucky. Our facility in Sainte-Catherine
 Quebec also processes tallow and recycled oils produced by us into biodiesel. The Quebec facility
 which was acquired in the Rothsay Acquisition
 has a current annual capacity to produce approximately 14 million gallons a year. Our biodiesel product is sold to our internal divisions
 as well as to commercial biodiesel producers in the United States and Canada
 to be used as biodiesel fuel
In Europe
 Ecoson produces green power from biogas production out of organic sludge and food waste for combined heat plant installations. &#160;Ecoson is the largest industrial digestion operation in The Netherlands
 with an output matching the annual use of energy needs of approximately 10
Rendac collects fallen stock and animal waste
 also referred to as Category 1 and Category 2 material under applicable E.U. regulations
 from farmers and slaughterhouses
 and processes these materials into fats and meals
 which can only be used as a low grade source of energy or fuel for boilers and cement kilns. With a specialized collection fleet of approximately 300 trucks
 Rendac collects raw materials in the Netherlands
 Germany
 Poland and Belgium. This business is a market leader in the Benelux region
Diamond Green Diesel Holdings LLC
&#32;renewable diesel joint venture with Valero Energy Corporation (Valero) (the DGD Joint Venture) commenced operations in June 2013.  The DGD Joint Venture operates a renewable diesel plant (the DGD Facility) located in Norco
9
&#32;barrels per day of renewable diesel and certain other co-products.  We account for the DGD Joint Venture as an &#8220;investment in unconsolidated subsidiary.&#8221;  The DGD Joint Venture operates the DGD Facility
 which converts grease
 used cooking oil and animal fats
 which are supplied in part by us
 and other feed stocks that become economically and commercially viable
 such as inedible corn oil
 into renewable diesel. The DGD Facility uses an advanced hydroprocessing-isomerization process licensed from UOP LLC
 known as the Ecofining&#8482; Process
&#32;pounds per year of recycled animal fats
 recycled cooking oils and other feedstocks
We have two primary pricing arrangements-formula and non-formula arrangements-with our suppliers of poultry
 beef
 pork
 bakery residuals and used cooking oil.&#160;&#160;Under a formula arrangement
 the charge or credit for raw materials is tied to published finished product prices for a competing ingredient after deducting a fixed processing fee.&#160;&#160;We also acquire raw material under non-formula arrangements whereby suppliers are either paid a fixed price
 are not paid
 or are charged a collection fee
formula and non-formula arrangements is based on various factors
 including the type of raw materials
 demand for the raw materials
 the expected value of the finished product to be produced
 the anticipated yields
 the volume of material generated by the supplier and processing and transportation costs. Formula prices are generally adjusted on a weekly
 monthly or quarterly basis while non-formula prices or charges are adjusted as needed to respond to changes in finished product prices or related operating costs. Since most of our raw materials are residual by-products of meat processing and other food production
A majority of our U.S. volume of rendering raw materials
 including all of our significant poultry accounts
 and substantially all of our bakery feed raw materials are acquired on a &#8220;formula basis
&#8221; which in most cases is set forth in contracts with our suppliers
 generally with multi-year terms. These &#8220;formulas&#8221; allow us to manage the risk associated with decreases in commodity prices by adjusting our costs of materials based on changes in the price of our finished products
 while also permitting us
 in certain cases
 to benefit from increases in commodity prices. The formulas provided in these contracts are reviewed and modified both during the term of
 and in connection with the renewal of
 the contracts to maintain an acceptable level of sharing between us and our suppliers of the costs and benefits from movements in commodity prices. A majority of Rothsay&#8217;s rendering raw materials are acquired based on prices fixed on a quarterly basis with suppliers
 with the remaining portion acquired on a &#8220;formula basis.&#8221; A majority of Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s volume of rendering raw materials is acquired at spot or quarterly fixed prices. Although Darling Ingredients International
 in general
 has no long term contracts with its key suppliers
MARKETING
The Company sells its finished products worldwide.&#160;&#160;Finished product sales are primarily managed through our commodity trading departments.  With respect to our North American operations
 we have trading departments located at our corporate headquarters in Irving
 Texas for fats
 and at our office in Cold Spring
 Kentucky for proteins.&#160;&#160;We also maintain sales offices in Des Moines
 Iowa
 New Orleans
 Louisiana
 and Memphis
 Tennessee for the sale and distribution of selected products.&#160;&#160;Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s finished product sales are managed primarily through trading departments that are located in Son en Breugel
 the Netherlands
 and through various offices located in Europe
 Asia
 South America and North America.  We intend to coordinate international sales of common products in order to market them more efficiently. Our sales force is in contact with customers daily and coordinates the sale and assists in the distribution of most finished products produced at our processing plants.&#160;&#160;The Company also sells its finished products internationally through commodities brokers and our agents and directly to customers in various countries.  We market certain of our finished products under our Dar Pro Solutions&#174; brand
 certain specialty products under the Sonac name
 gelatin products under the Rousselot name
 natural casings and meat by-products under the CTH name and hides under the BestHides name.  Until the VION Acquisition and the Rothsay Acquisition (together
 the Acquisitions)
 the Company had no material foreign operations
 but exported a portion of its products to customers in various foreign countries or regions including Asia
 the European Union
 Latin America
 the Pacific Rim
 North Africa
 Mexico and South America.&#160;&#160;Total direct export sales from the United States were $
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2011
 respectively.  Since the Rothsay Acquisition
 in 
The Company sells finished products in North America and throughout the world
 primarily to producers of animal feed
 pet food
 biodiesel
 fertilizer and other consumer and industrial products
 including oleo-chemicals
 soaps and leather goods
 for use as ingredients in their products or for further processing.&#160;&#160;Certain of our finished products are ingredients that compete with alternatives
 such as corn
 soybean oil
 inedible corn oil
 palm oils
 soybean meal and heating oil
 based on nutritional and functional values; therefore
 the actual pricing for those finished products
 as well a competing products
 can be quite volatile.&#160;&#160;While the Company's principal finished products are generally sold at prices prevailing at the time of sale
 the Company's ability to deliver large quantities of finished products from multiple locations and to coordinate sales from a central location enables us to occasionally receive a premium over the then-prevailing market price. The Company's premium
 value-added and branded products command significantly higher pricing relative to the Company's principal  finished product lines due to their enhanced nutritional content
 which is a function of the Company's specialized processing techniques. Customers for our premium
 value-added and branded products include feed mills
 pet food manufacturers
 integrated poultry producers
 the dairy industry and golf courses.&#160;&#160;Feed mills purchase meals
 greases
 tallows
 and Cookie Meal&#174; for use as feed ingredients.&#160;Pet food manufacturers require stringent feed safety certifications and consistently demand premium additives that are high in protein and nutritional content.&#160;&#160;As a result
 pet food manufacturers typically purchase only premium or value-added products under supply contracts with us. Oleo-chemical producers use fats as feed stocks to produce specialty ingredients used in paint
 rubber
 paper
 concrete
 plastics and a variety of other consumer and industrial products.  Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s premium
command higher pricing
 including with respect to gelatin
 natural casings
 meat by-products
 edible fat
We obtain payment protection for most of our global export sales by requiring payment before shipment
 by requiring either bank letters of credit or cash against documents at the origin of the sale or guarantees of payment from government agencies.  For U.S. sales
 we are ordinarily paid for products in U.S. dollars and have not experienced any material currency translation losses or any material foreign exchange control difficulties. Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s product sales are generally denominated in the local currency.  However
 in certain markets (such as South America)
 some product sales are denominated in non-functional currencies
 such as U.S. dollars and euros. Historically
 Darling Ingredients International hedged non-functional currency product sales
Our management monitors market conditions and prices for our finished products on a daily basis.&#160;&#160;If market conditions or prices were to significantly change
 our management would evaluate and implement any measures that it may deem necessary to respond to the change in market conditions.&#160;&#160;For larger formula-based pricing suppliers
 the indexing of raw material cost to finished product prices effectively establishes the gross margin on finished product sales at a stable level
Finished products produced by the Company are shipped primarily by truck or rail from our plants shortly following production.&#160;&#160;While there can be some temporary inventory accumulations at various North American and international locations
 particularly port locations for export shipments
 with the exception of gelatin and natural casings
 inventories rarely exceed three weeks&#8217; production and
 therefore
 we use limited working capital to carry those inventories.  Our limited inventories also  reduce our exposure to fluctuations in finished-product prices. With respect to gelatin and natural casings
 Darling Ingredients International
 in contrast
 has historically carried much larger inventories due to the manufacturing process and market dynamics related to those products. Other factors that influence competition
 markets and the prices that we receive for our finished products include the quality of our finished products
 consumer health consciousness
 worldwide credit conditions and government aid and regulations.&#160;&#160;From time to time
The Company operates a fleet of trucks
 trailers and railcars to transport raw materials from suppliers and finished product to customers or ports for transportation by ship.&#160;&#160;It also utilizes third party freight to cost-effectively transfer materials and augment our in-house logistics fleet.&#160;&#160;Within our bakery by-products division
With the acquisition of Darling Ingredients International
 we believe we are the only global ingredients company with products generated principally from animal-origin raw material types; however
The procurement of raw materials currently presents greater challenges to our business than the sale of finished products.&#160;In North America
 consolidation within the meat processing industry has resulted in bigger and more efficient slaughtering operations
 the majority of which utilize captive renderers (rendering operations integrated with the meat or poultry packing operation).&#160;&#160;At the same time
 the number of small meat processors
 which have historically been a dependable source of supply for non-captive renderers
 such as us
 has decreased significantly.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the slaughter rates in the meat processing industry are subject to economic conditions and
 as a result
 during periods of economic decline
 the availability
 quantity and quality of raw materials available to the independent renderers decreases.&#160;&#160;These factors have been offset
 in part
 however
 by increasing environmental consciousness.&#160;&#160;The need for food service establishments in the United States to comply with environmental regulations concerning the proper disposal of used restaurant cooking oil should continue to provide a growth area for this raw material source.&#160;&#160;The rendering industry is highly fragmented with a number of local slaughtering operations that provide us with raw materials.  In North America
 we compete with other rendering
 restaurant services and bakery residual businesses
 and alternative methods of disposal of animal processing by-products and used restaurant cooking oil provided by trash haulers
 waste management companies and biodiesel companies and others. In addition
 U.S. food service establishments have increasingly experienced theft of used cooking oil.&#160;&#160;A number of our competitors for the procurement of raw material are experienced
In marketing our finished products domestically and internationally
 we face competition from other processors and from producers of other suitable ingredient alternatives.&#160;&#160;However
 we differentiate ourselves through the scope and depth of our product portfolio and geographic footprint.  While we compete with a number of well capitalized companies across our business
Cargill
 Inc.
 Tyson Foods
 Inc. and Swift &amp; Company in the U.S. products business
 and others in the global gelatin
 bone products
 and blood products business
Although the amount of raw materials made available to us by our suppliers is relatively stable on a weekly basis
 it is impacted by seasonal factors
 including holidays
 during which the availability of raw materials declines because major meat and poultry processors are not operating
 and cold and other severe weather
The Company maintains valuable trademarks
 service marks
 copyrights
 trade names
 trade secrets
 proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property
 and considers our intellectual property to be of material value.&#160;&#160;We have registered or applied for registration of certain of our intellectual property
 including the tricolor triangle used in our signage and logos and the names Darling, Darling Ingredients
 Griffin Industries, Dar Pro Solutions, Dar Pro, Rousselot, Sonac, Ecoson, Rendac, CTH, BestHides. Rothsay, Rothsay Diesel, Nature Safe, CleanStar, Peptan, Cookie Meal, and Bakery Feeds  and certain patents
 both domestically and internationally
December&#160;28
 2013
4
&#32;persons full-time.  With the addition of Darling Ingredients International
10
&#32;persons full-time. While we have no national or multi-plant union contracts
December&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of the Company's employees were covered by multiple collective bargaining agreements.  In addition
 approximately 46% of Darling Ingredients International's employees are covered by various collective bargaining agreements.&#160;&#160;Management believes that our relations with our employees and their representatives are satisfactory.&#160;&#160;There can be no assurance
 however
We are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 state
&#32;(FDA)
 which regulates pharmaceutical products and food and feed safety.&#160;Effective August 1997
 the FDA promulgated a rule prohibiting the use of mammalian proteins
 with some exceptions
 in feeds for cattle
 sheep and other ruminant animals (21 C.F.R. 589.2000
 referred to herein as the BSE Feed Rule) to prevent further spread of bovine spongiform encephalopathy
 commonly referred to as mad cow disease (BSE).&#160;&#160;With respect to BSE in the United States
 on October 26
 2009
 the FDA began enforcing new regulations intended to further reduce the risk of spreading BSE (the Enhanced BSE Rule). These new regulations included amending the BSE Feed Rule to prohibit the use of tallow having more than 0.15% insoluble impurities in feed for cattle or other ruminant animals.  In addition
 the FDA implemented rules that prohibit the use of brain and spinal cord material from cattle aged 30 months and older or the carcasses of such cattle
 if the brain and spinal cord are not removed
 in the feed or food for all animals.&#160;&#160;Management believes we are in compliance with the provisions of these rules. See Item 1A Risk Factors - Our business may be affected by the impact of BSE and other food safety issues, for more information regarding certain FDA rules that affect our business
&#32;(USDA)
 which regulates our collection and production methods.&#160;&#160;Within the USDA
(APHIS) certifies facilities and claims made for exported materials to meet importing country requirements and establishes and enforces import requirements for live animals and animal by-products and animal by-products as well as plant products
&#32;(FSIS) regulates sanitation of our facilities and our food safety programs
On December 30
 2003
 the Secretary of Agriculture announced new beef slaughter/meat processing regulations to assure consumers of the safety of the meat supply.&#160;&#160;These regulations prohibit non-ambulatory animals from entering the food chain
On November 19
 2007
 APHIS implemented revised import regulations that allowed Canadian cattle over 30 months of age and born after March 1
 1999 and bovine products derived from such cattle to be imported into the United States for any use. Imports of Canadian cattle younger than 30 months of age have been allowed since March 2005. Imports of specialized risk material (SRM) from Canadian born cattle slaughtered in Canada are not permitted.  On March 16
 2012
 APHIS proposed amending import regulations for all countries to establish a system for classifying regions as to BSE risk that is consistent with international standards set by the World Organization for Animal Health (OIE) and to base importation requirements for cattle and beef products on: (i) the inherent risk of BSE infectivity in the commodity to be imported and (ii) the BSE risk status of the region from which the commodity originates.  The USDA announced the finalization of the proposed rule on November 1
 2013
 which will become effective on March 4
&#32;(EPA)
 which regulates air and water discharge requirements
 as well as local and state agencies governing air and water discharge.
&#32;(USDOT)
 as well as local and state agencies
&#32;(OSHA)
&#32;(SEC)
 which regulates securities and information required in annual
&#32;(&#8220;CFIA&#8221;)
 which regulates animal health and the disposal of animals and their products or by-products.  
 which regulate food safety and quality
(&#8220;Environment Canada&#8221;)
&#32;(&#8220;TSSA&#8221;)
European Commission
 Directorate for Health and Consumer
 which addresses regulations for food
 feed
 human and animal health
 technical uses of animal by-products and packaging. 
 which establishes guidance for pharmaceutical products
 bovine products and metal residues.
 which certifies pharmaceutical products. 
 which establishes requirements for pharmaceutical products. 
 which is responsible for the implementation of REACH (Registration
 Evaluation
European Commission
 Environment Directorate
 which establishes regulations on pollution and waste
 such as the Directives on Industrial Emissions
EU Directives
&#32;such as minimum safety and health requirements for the workplace and use of work equipment by workers.  EU Member States are allowed to maintain or establish more stringent measures in their own legislation. In general
 each EU Member State&#8217;s ministry of labor affairs is responsible for regulating health and safety at work and labor inspections services and is in charge of controlling compliance with applicable legislation and regulations. 
 which issues permits
 approvals and registrations to establishments or plants engaged in certain activities related to the handling of animal by-products and food and feed production.  
 which issues permits
 approvals and registrations to establishments or plants engaged in certain activities related to the handling of animal by-products and food and feed production.  
 which issues permits
 approvals and registrations to establishments or plants carrying out certain activities related to the handling of animal by-products.  
 which issue permits
&#32;is the government body responsible for enforcing health and safety at work legislation
 such as the 
  and enforcing health and safety law in industrial workplaces
issues permits
General Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine
 which supervises the import and export of food and feed.  
 which establishes standards for food and pharmaceutical products. 
Ministry of Agriculture
 Cattle and Supply (Minist&#233;rio da Agricultura
 Pecu&#225;ria e Abastecimento)
 which regulates the production of gelatin.
 which regulates the production of gelatin.
 which at the local level is equivalent to the FDA in Argentina. 
 which regulates the import and export of agricultural products
Department of Agriculture
 Fisheries and Forestry
 which administers meat and animal by-product legislation. 
 which is the principal regulator of meat and animal by-product businesses in the State of Victoria. 
 which regulates Australia&#8217;s competition and consumer protection law. 
 which regulates Australia&#8217;s company and financial services laws.
 which is the regulator responsible for administering and enforcing occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the State of Victoria.
 which administers environmental protection laws in Victoria.
Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Company is required to file annual
 quarterly and special reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC
 which can be read and/or copies made at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E.
&#32;that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
We make available
 free of charge
 through our investor relations web site
10-K
 10-Q and 8-K and amendments to those reports
 as well as all other filings with the SEC
with
 or furnished to
An investment in Darling involves substantial risks. In consultation with your financial
 tax and legal advisors
 you should carefully consider
 among other matters
 the following risks in as well as the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this report. If any of the events described in the following risk factors actually occur
 our business
 financial condition
 prospects or results of operations could be materially adversely affected
Our principal finished products include MBM
 BFT
 YG and hides
 which are commodities.  We also manufacture and sell a number of other products that are derived from animal by-products and many of which are commodities or compete with commodities.  The prices of these commodities are quoted on
 or derived from prices quoted on
 established commodity markets. Accordingly
 our results of operations will be affected by fluctuations in the prevailing market prices of these finished products or of other commodities that may be substituted for our products by our customers. Historically
 market prices for commodity grains
 fats and food stocks have fluctuated in response to a number of factors
 including global changes in supply and demand resulting from changes in local and global economic conditions
 changes in global government agriculture programs
 changes in energy policies of U.S. and foreign governments
 changes in international agricultural trading policies
 impact of disease outbreaks on protein sources and the potential effect on supply and demand
 as well as weather conditions during the growing and harvesting seasons. While we seek to mitigate the risks associated with price declines
 including by diversifying our finished products offerings
 through the use of formula pricing tied to commodity prices for a substantial portion of our raw materials (which may not protect our margins in periods of rapidly declining prices) and hedging
In addition
 increases in the market prices of raw materials would require us to raise prices for our premium
Our business is dependent on the procurement of raw materials
Our management believes that the most competitive aspect of our business is the procurement of raw materials rather than the sale of finished products.  Many of our raw materials are derived directly or indirectly from animal by-products
In North America
 consolidation within the meat processing industry has resulted in bigger and more efficient slaughtering operations
Concurrently
 the number of small U.S. meat processors
 which have historically been a dependable source of supply for non-captive U.S. renderers
 such as us
The slaughter rates in the meat processing industry are subject to decline during poor economic conditions when consumers generally reduce their consumption of protein
 and as a result
 during such periods of decline
 the availability
In addition
 the Company has seen an increase in the use of used cooking oil in the production of biodiesel
Furthermore
 a decline in the general performance of the global economy (including a decline in consumer confidence) and any inability of consumers and companies to obtain credit in the financial markets could have a negative impact on our raw material volume
 such as through the forced closure of any of our raw material suppliers. A significant decrease in available raw materials or a closure of a significant number of raw material suppliers could materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition
The rendering industry is highly fragmented and both the rendering and bakery residual industries are very competitive. We compete with other rendering businesses and alternative methods of disposal of animal by-products
 bakery residue and used cooking oil provided by trash haulers
 waste management companies and biodiesel companies
&#8221; In addition
 U.S. restaurants experience theft of used cooking oil
 the frequency and magnitude of which has increased with the rise in value of used cooking oil. Depending on market conditions
 we either charge a collection fee to offset a portion of the cost incurred in collecting raw material or will pay for the raw material. To the extent suppliers of raw materials look to alternate methods of disposal
 whether as a result of our collection fees being deemed too expensive
 the payments we offer being deemed too low or otherwise
 our raw material supply will decrease and our collection fee revenues will decrease
 which could materially and adversely affect our business
A majority of the Company's U.S. volume of animal by-product raw materials
 including all of its significant U.S. poultry accounts
 and substantially all of the Company's U.S. bakery feed raw materials
 are acquired on a &#8220;formula basis
&#8221; which in most cases is set forth in contracts with our suppliers
 generally with multi-year terms. These &#8220;formulas&#8221; allow us to mitigate the risks associated with decreases in commodity prices by adjusting our costs of materials based on changes in the price of our finished products
 while also permitting us
 in certain cases
 to benefit from increases in commodity prices. The formulas provided in these contracts are reviewed and modified both during the term of
 and in connection with the renewal of
 the contracts to maintain an acceptable level of sharing between us and our suppliers of the costs and benefits from movements in commodity prices. Changes to these formulas or the inability to renew such contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. A majority of Rothsay&#8217;s animal by-product raw materials are acquired based on prices fixed on a quarterly basis with suppliers
 with the remaining portion acquired on a &#8220;formula basis.&#8221; A majority of Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s volume of animal by-product raw materials is acquired at spot or quarterly fixed prices. Although Darling Ingredients International
 in general
 has no long term contracts with its key suppliers
Our operations are highly dependent on the use of natural gas and diesel fuel. We consume significant volumes of natural gas to operate boilers in our plants
 which generate steam to heat raw materials. Natural gas prices represent a significant cost of facility operations included in cost of sales. We also consume significant volumes of diesel fuel to operate our fleet of tractors and trucks used to collect raw materials. Diesel fuel prices represent a significant component of cost of collection expenses included in cost of sales. Prices for both natural gas and diesel fuel can be volatile and therefore represent an ongoing challenge to our operating results. Although we continually manage these costs and hedge our exposure to changes in fuel prices through our formula pricing and from time to time derivatives
 a material increase in prices for natural gas and/or diesel fuel over a sustained period of time could materially adversely affect our business
In fiscal 2013
 Darling's top ten customers for finished products (excluding Rothsay) accounted for approximately 35% of product sales. In addition
In fiscal 2013
 Rothsay&#8217;s top ten customers for finished products accounted for approximately 64% of its product sales
 with approximately 13% of that revenue generated from its largest customer. In addition
 Rothsay&#8217;s top ten raw material suppliers accounted for approximately 62% of its raw material supply in the same period. MFI
 Rothsay&#8217;s largest raw materials supplier
 accounted for approximately 23% of Rothsay&#8217;s raw materials supply in fiscal 2013. In connection with the Rothsay Acquisition
In fiscal 2013
 Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s top ten customers for finished products accounted for approximately 22% of Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s product sales
 with approximately 5% of its products sales generated from its largest customer. In addition
 Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s top ten raw material suppliers accounted for approximately 30% of its raw material supply in the same period. VION Food
 Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s largest raw materials supplier
Disruptions or modifications to
 or termination of
 our relationships with any of our significant suppliers or customers
 or financial difficulties experienced by any of our suppliers or customers that lead to curtailment or termination of their operations
 could cause our businesses to suffer significant financial losses and could have a material adverse impact on our business
 earnings
Certain of our operating facilities are highly dependent on one or a few suppliers. Should any of these suppliers choose alternate methods of disposal
 cease their operations
 have their operations interrupted by casualty
 curtail their operations or otherwise cease using our collection services
 these operating facilities may be materially and adversely affected
 which could materially and adversely affect our business
We face risks associated with our international activities
Sales of our products to international customers accounted for approximately 10% of our net sales in fiscal 2013. As a result of the Rothsay and VION Acquisitions
 we conduct foreign operations in Canada
 Europe
 South America
 Asia and Australia. While we expect that our expanded geographical diversity from the acquisitions will reduce our exposure to risks in any one country or part of the world
 such expansion will also further subject us to the various risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations
imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers and other trade protection measures imposed by foreign countries regarding the importation of poultry
 beef and pork products
 in addition to operating
imposition of border restrictions by foreign countries with respect to the import of poultry
impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies
 particularly the euro
 the Canadian dollar
 the Chinese renminbi
 the Brazilian real
 the British pound
 the Japanese yen and the Argentine peso
 which may reduce the U.S. dollar value of the revenues
 profits and cash flows we receive from non-U.S. markets or of our assets in non-U.S. countries or increase our supply costs
exchange controls and other limits on our ability to import raw materials
 import or export finished products or to repatriate earnings from overseas
 such as exchange controls in effect in China
different regulatory structures (including creditor rights that may be different than in the United States) and unexpected changes in regulatory environments
 including changes resulting in potentially adverse tax consequences or imposition of onerous trade restrictions
 price controls
 industry controls
 animal and human food safety controls
political or economic instability
 social or labor unrest or changing macroeconomic conditions or other changes in political
changes in our effective tax rate including
 tax rates that may exceed those in the U.S.
 earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation
 changes in the mix of our business from year to year and from country to country
 changes in rules related to accounting for income taxes
difficulties and costs associated with complying with
 and enforcement of remedies under
 a wide variety of complex domestic and international laws
 treaties and regulations
 including
 without limitation
 anti-bribery laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the &#8220;FCPA&#8221;)
 the U.K. Bribery Act 2010
 the new Brazilian corporate anti-corruption law and similar anti-corruption legislation in many jurisdictions in which we operate
 as well as economic and trade sanctions enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury&#8217;s Office of Foreign Assets Control
distribution costs
These risks and uncertainties could jeopardize or limit our ability to transact business in one or more of our international markets or in other developing markets and may have a material adverse affect on our business
 results of operations
Our business may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates
As a result of the Rothsay and VION Acquisitions
 our international operations have expanded significantly and our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates has increased accordingly. As a result of the acquisitions
 we now carry out transactions in a number of foreign currencies
 principally the euro
 the Canadian dollar
 the Chinese renmibi
 the Brazilian real
 the British pound
 the Japanese yen and the Argentine peso. To the extent possible
 we attempt to match revenues and expenses in each of the currencies in which we operate. However
 we will still be exposed to currency fluctuations when we translate the results of our overseas operations into U.S. dollar
 our functional currency
 in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. The exchange rates between these currencies and the U.S. dollars may fluctuate and these fluctuations may affect our U.S. dollar-denominated results of operations and financial condition even if our underlying operations and financial condition
 in local currency terms
 remain unchanged. While we may from time to time enter into the use of currency hedging instruments to provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates
 there can be no assurance that such instruments will successfully protect us from more pronounced swings in such exchange rates.  Further
Any fluctuations in exchange rates or the imposition of exchange controls or currency devaluation may adversely impact our ability to comply with the financial and other covenants under the documents governing our indebtedness
 which could affect our ability to incur indebtedness
 pay dividends
 make investments or take other actions that might be in our best interest. As we continue to implement our international expansion strategy
 our international operations will represent a larger part of our business and such exchange rate fluctuations may have a greater impact on our business
In January 2011
 our wholly-owned subsidiary entered into a limited liability company agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Valero to form the DGD Joint Venture
 which was formed to design
 engineer
 construct and operate the DGD Facility
 which is capable of producing approximately 9
300 barrels per day of renewable diesel fuel and certain other co-products. The DGD Facility
 which is located adjacent to Valero&#8217;s refinery in Norco
 Louisiana
 reached mechanical completion and began production of renewable diesel in late June 2013. On August 27
 2013
 we announced that a heat exchanger at the DGD Facility required replacement to improve the plant&#8217;s reliability
 and that during the replacement
through put rates would be lowered to approximately 5
000-7
000 barrels per day. During the replacement
 the DGD Facility operated at approximately 6
000-7
000 barrels per day
 but during this process
 other metallurgical wear issues were identified. We completed the replacement of the heat exchanger and other related equipment at the DGD Facility as of November 13
 2013
9
&#32;barrels per day capacity. As of December 28
 2013
 under the equity method of accounting
We are aware that a third party patent holder has filed patent infringement claims against a producer of renewable diesel fuel and its owners. The producer is unrelated to us
 the DGD Joint Venture or
 to our knowledge
 Valero. We have not
 and to our knowledge neither the DGD Joint Venture nor Valero has
 received any communication from such patent holder regarding similar claims against the DGD Joint Venture. The DGD Joint Venture has licensed a process from UOP LLC
 a subsidiary of Honeywell International Inc.
 that it will utilize in producing renewable diesel fuel. We believe that the DGD Joint Venture&#8217;s process differs from the process that is the subject of the infringement suit. Accordingly
 any patent infringement claim that might be asserted in the future against either us or the DGD Joint Venture would be vigorously opposed. However
 if any patent holder successfully challenged the patents under which the DGD Joint Venture operates
There are no guarantees that other unforeseen issues (such as the need for replacement of the DGD Facility&#8217;s heat exchanger referred to above) will not arise in connection with the operation of the DGD Facility that could require us or the DGD Joint Venture to incur significant costs. Further
technologies
 their use together in the manner currently operated by the DGD Joint Venture is innovative and has not been employed previously. Accordingly
 there is no assurance that the DGD Joint Venture will be profitable or allow us to make a return on our investment. In addition
 if substantial operational issues develop or prices for the renewable diesel the DGD Joint Venture produces are not sustained
The DGD Joint Venture is dependent on governmental energy policies and programs
 such as the National Renewable Fuel Standard Program (&#8220;RFS2&#8221;)
 which positively impact the demand for and price of renewable diesel. Any changes to
&#8221; Similarly
 the DGD Joint Venture is subject to the risk that new or changing technologies may be developed that could meet demand for renewable diesel under governmental mandates in a more efficient or less costly manner than the technologies used by the DGD Joint Venture
In addition
 the operation of a joint venture such as this involves a number of risks that could harm our business and result in the DGD Joint Venture not performing as expected
problems integrating or developing operations
 personnel
unforeseen engineering or environmental issues
difficulty in obtaining and maintaining permits and other regulatory issues
limitations in the DGD Joint Venture&#8217;s operating agreement restricting the payment of dividends to the DGD Joint Venture partners in certain circumstances
if any of the risks described in connection with the DGD Joint Venture occur
 possible impairment of the acquired assets
If any of these risks described above were to materialize and the operations of the DGD Joint Venture were significantly disrupted
 a material adverse effect on our business
Pursuant to the requirements established by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007
 the EPA finalized regulations for RFS2 in 2010. The regulation mandated the domestic use of biomass-based diesel (biodiesel or renewable diesel) of 1.0 billion gallons in 2012. Beyond 2012
 the regulation requires a minimum of 1.0 billion gallons of biomass-based diesel for each year through 2022
 which amount is subject to increase by the Administrator of the EPA. On September 14
 2012
 the EPA issued a final rule establishing the biomass-based diesel and the advance biofuel volumes for calendar year 2013 to be 1.28 billion gallons and 2.75 billion gallons
 respectively. Though a final rule is yet to be issued
 the EPA recently proposed maintaining the biomass-based diesel volume for calendar years 2014 and 2015 at the 2013 calendar year level of 1.28 billion gallons
 but has proposed reducing the advance biofuel volume to 2.20 billion gallons. Biomass-based diesel also qualifies to fulfill the non-specified portion of the advanced biofuel requirement. In order to qualify as a &#8220;renewable fuel&#8221; each type of fuel from each type of feed stock is required to lower greenhouse gas emissions (&#8220;GHG&#8221;) by levels specified in the regulation. The EPA has determined that biofuels (either biodiesel or renewable diesel) produced from waste oils
 fats and greases result in an 86% reduction in GHG emissions
 exceeding the 50% requirement established by the regulation. Prices for our finished products may be impacted by worldwide government policies relating to renewable fuels and GHG. Programs like RFS2 and tax credits for biofuels both in the United States and abroad may positively impact the demand for our finished products. Conversely
 legal challenges to
 changes to
 a failure to enforce
 reductions in the mandated volumes under
We are subject to the rules and regulations of various governmental agencies in the United States
 Canada and the rules and regulations of various governmental agencies in other countries in which Darling Ingredients International operates. These include rules and regulations administered by governmental agencies at the federal
 state
 provincial or local level
 including the following principal governmental agencies in the following countries: 
 which regulates pharmaceutical products and food and feed safety;
 including its agencies APHIS and FSIS
 which regulates our collection and production methods;
 which regulates air and water discharge requirements
 as well as local and state agencies
 which monitor air and water discharges; 
 which regulate animal by-product collection and transportation procedures and animal feed quality; 
 as well as local and state transportation agencies
 which regulate the operation of our commercial vehicles;
 which is the main federal agency charged with the enforcement of worker safety and health legislation; and
 which regulates securities and information required in annual and quarterly reports filed by publicly traded companies.  
 which regulates animal health and the disposal of animals and their products or by-products;
 which regulate food safety and quality
 air and water discharge requirements and the disposal of deadstock;
 which ensures compliance with Canadian federal air and water discharge and wildlife management requirements; and
European Commission
 Directorate-General for Health and Consumers
 which addresses regulations for food
 feed
 human and animal health
 technical uses of animal by-products and packaging;
 which establishes guidance for pharmaceutical products
 bovine products and metal residues;
 which establishes requirements for pharmaceutical products;
 which certifies pharmaceutical products;
 which is responsible for the implementation of the European Council&#8217;s Regulation on the Registration
 Evaluation
European Commission
 Directorate-General for the Environment
 which establishes regulations on pollution and waste
EU Directives
&#32;such as minimum safety and health requirements for the workplace and use of work equipment by workers.  EU Member States are allowed to maintain or establish more stringent measures in their own legislation. In general
 each EU Member State&#8217;s ministry of labor affairs is responsible for regulating health and safety at work and labor inspections services and is in charge of controlling compliance with applicable legislation and regulations.
 which issues permits
 approvals and registrations to establishments or plants engaged in certain activities related to the handling of animal by-products and food and feed production;
 which issues permits
 approvals and registrations to establishments or plants engaged in certain activities related to the handling of animal by-products and food and feed production;
 which issues permits
 approvals and registrations to establishments or plants carrying out certain activities related to the handling of animal by-products; and
 which issue permits
&#32;is the government body responsible for enforcing health and safety at work legislation
 such as the 
  and enforcing health and safety law in industrial workplaces
issues permits
General Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine
 which supervises the import and export of food and feed;
 which establishes standards for food and pharmaceutical products; and  
Ministry of Agriculture
 Cattle and Supply (Minist&#233;rio da Agricultura
 Pecu&#225;ria e Abastecimento)
 which regulates the production of gelatin. 
 which regulates the production of gelatin; and
 which at the local level is equivalent to the FDA in Argentina. 
 which regulates the import and export of agricultural products
Department of Agriculture
 Fisheries and Forestry
 which administers meat and animal by-product legislation;
 which is the principal regulator of meat and animal by-product businesses in the State of Victoria;
 which regulates Australia&#8217;s competition and consumer protection law; and
The applicable rules and regulations promulgated by these and other agencies
 which are likely to change over time
 affect our operations and may influence our operating results at one or more facilities. Furthermore
 the loss of or failure to obtain necessary federal
 state
 provincial or local permits and registrations at one or more of our facilities could halt or curtail operations at impacted facilities
 which could result in impairment charges related to the affected facility and otherwise adversely affect our operating results. In addition
 our failure to comply with applicable rules and regulations
 including obtaining or maintaining required operating certificates or permits
 could subject us to: (i) administrative penalties and injunctive relief; (ii) civil remedies
 including fines
Because of our international operations throughout much of the world as a result of the Rothsay and VION Acquisitions
 we could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In addition
 given the competitive nature of our industry
 we could be adversely affected by violations of various countries&#8217; antitrust
 competition and consumer protection laws. These laws generally prohibit companies and individuals from engaging in anticompetitive and unfair business practices. While our policies mandate compliance with these laws
 we cannot provide assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees
 joint venture partners or agents. Violations of these laws
 or allegations of such violations
 could result in lengthy investigations and possibly criminal and/or civil legal proceedings brought by governmental agencies and/or third parties
 which could disrupt our business
 result in material fines and legal and other costs
 and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
Seasonal factors and weather
 including the physical impacts of climate change
 can impact the availability
The quantity of raw materials available to us is impacted by seasonal factors
 including holidays
 when raw material volumes decline
 and cold weather
 which can impact the collection of raw materials. In addition
 warm weather can adversely affect the quality of raw materials processed and our yield on production due to more rapidly degrading raw materials. In addition to seasonal impacts
 depending upon the location of our facilities and those of our suppliers
 our operations could be subject to the physical impacts of climate change
 including changes in rainfall patterns
 water shortages
 changing sea levels
 changing storm patterns and intensities and changing temperature levels. Physical damage
 flooding
 excessive snowfall or drought resulting from changing climate patterns could adversely impact our costs and business operations
 the availability and costs of our raw materials
 and the supply and demand for our end products. These effects could be material to our results of operations
 liquidity or capital resources.  The quality and volume of the finished products that we are able to produce could be negatively impacted by unseasonable or severe weather or unexpected declines in the volume of raw materials available during holidays
 which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. In addition
Downturns and volatility in global economies and commodity and credit markets could materially adversely affect our business
Our results of operations are materially affected by the conditions of the global economies and the credit
 commodities and stock markets. Among other things
 we may be adversely impacted if our domestic and international customers and suppliers are not able to access sufficient capital to continue to operate their businesses or to operate them at prior levels. A decline in consumer confidence or changing patterns in the availability and use of disposable income by consumers can negatively affect both our suppliers and customers. Declining discretionary consumer spending or the loss or impairment of a meaningful number of our suppliers or customers could lead to a dislocation in either raw material availability or customer demand. Any tightening in credit supply could negatively affect our customers&#8217; ability to pay for our products on a timely basis or at all and could result in a requirement for additional bad debt reserves. Although many of our customer contracts are formula-based
December&#160;28
 2013
 our total indebtedness
 including trade debt was approximately $1
223.2 million
 which amount has increased substantially as a result of additional indebtedness incurred in connection with the Rothsay Acquisition as further described in Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  As of February 7
 2014
 the latest date for which information is available
 our total indebtedness
 excluding trade debt
 was approximately $2.4 billion
 which amount has increased substantially from the December 28
 2013 amounts as a result of additional indebtedness incurred in connection with the VION Acquisition as further described in Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our high level of indebtedness could have important consequences
limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital
 capital expenditures
requiring us to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness instead of other purposes
 thereby reducing the amount of our cash flows from operations available for working capital
 capital expenditures
increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic
limiting our flexibility in planning for
 or reacting to
placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other
In addition
 the indenture that governs our senior notes and the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which
 if not cured or waived
Despite our existing level of indebtedness
 we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more indebtedness
We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future
 including additional secured indebtedness under the senior secured credit facilities.  Although the indenture that governs the senior notes and the credit agreement governing the senior secured credit facilities contain restrictions on our incurrence of additional indebtedness
 these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions
 and the additional indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. To the extent that we or our subsidiaries incur additional indebtedness
 the risks associated with our indebtedness
 including our possible inability to service our indebtedness
We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness
Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance
 which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial
 business
 legislative
 regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal
 premium
 if any
If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations and to meet our other cash needs
 we could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations
 seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures
 if necessary
 on commercially reasonable terms or at all and
 even if successful
 such alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations and our other cash needs. The credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities and the indenture governing our senior notes restrict our ability to use the proceeds from the disposition of assets
 debt incurrence or sales of equity to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due.  We may not be able to consummate any such dispositions or to obtain debt or equity proceeds in amounts sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due
If we cannot make scheduled payments under any of the agreements governing our debt
 we would be in default under such agreement
 which could allow lenders under any credit facilities to terminate their commitments to loan money and could allow the applicable lenders or other debt holders to declare all outstanding principal and interest of such debt to be immediately due and payable
 and
 in the case of secured debt
 to foreclose against the assets securing such debt and apply the proceeds from such foreclosure to repay amounts owed to them. Any of these events would likely in turn trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in our other debt instruments
 which would allow the creditors under those instruments to exercise similar rights. If any of these actions are taken
 we could be forced into restructuring
Our ability to repay our indebtedness depends in part on the performance of our subsidiaries
 including our non-guarantor subsidiaries
We conduct a significant portion of our operations through our subsidiaries
 a number of which operate outside the United States. Accordingly
 repayment of our indebtedness is dependent
 to a significant extent
 on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us
 by dividend
 debt repayment or otherwise. Unless they are guarantors of the indebtedness
 our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on the indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. Our subsidiaries may not be able to
 or under applicable law and regulation may not be permitted to
 make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Under certain circumstances
 legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries.  For example
laws of
 and operate in
 China
 currently have substantial regulatory restrictions on their ability to make cash available to us.  While the credit agreement governing the senior secured credit facilities
 the indenture governing our senior notes and the agreements governing certain of our other indebtedness will limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to incur consensual restrictions on their ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany payments to us
 these limitations are subject to certain significant qualifications and exceptions. In the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries
 we may be unable to make required principal
 premium
 if any
Effective August 1997
 the FDA promulgated the BSE Feed Rule to prevent further spread of BSE. Detection of the first case of BSE in the United States in December 2003 resulted in additional U.S. government regulations
 finished product export restrictions by foreign governments
 market price fluctuations for our finished products and reduced demand for beef and beef products by consumers. Even though the export markets for U.S. beef rebounded to exceed pre-BSE levels and set records for volume in 2011 and value in 2012
 most export markets remain closed to MBM derived from U.S. beef. On April 24
 2012
 the USDA confirmed the occurrence of a new
 single case of BSE in a dairy cow in central California. Even though the USDA confirmed that material derived from the cow did not enter the food or feed supply and that this appears to be a single
 isolated incident of &#8220;atypical&#8221; BSE which is not spread through feed and does not affect humans
 Indonesia closed its markets to MBM derived from U.S. beef
 and only recently reopened its markets to U.S. beef on June 17
 2013. On May 29
 2013
 the USDA announced that the OIE had officially upgraded the BSE-status for the United States from &#8220;controlled risk&#8221; to &#8220;negligible risk&#8221; based on a thorough review of BSE safeguards implemented in the United States. Although attaining a negligible risk status for BSE is an important step toward regaining access to export markets for U.S. MBM
 no assurance can be given that currently closed export markets will be reopened as a result of the upgraded status. We do not expect this trade disruption to have material impact on our business
 financial condition or results of operations. Continued concern about BSE in the United States
 and other countries in which we operate now or in the future
With respect to BSE in the United States
 on October 26
 2009
 the FDA began enforcing the Enhanced BSE Rule. These new regulations amended the BSE Feed Rule to also prohibit the use of tallow having more than 0.15% insoluble impurities in feed for cattle or other ruminant animals. In addition
 the Enhanced BSE Rule prohibits brain and spinal cord material from cattle aged 30 months and older or the carcasses of such cattle
 if the brain and spinal cord are not removed (collectively
 &#8220;Prohibited Cattle Materials&#8221;)
 and tallow derived from Prohibited Cattle Materials that also contains more than 0.15% insoluble impurities in the feed or food for all animals. We have followed the Enhanced BSE Rule since it was first published in 2008 and have made capital expenditures and implemented new processes and procedures to be compliant with the Enhanced BSE Rule at all of our U.S. operations. In Canada
 the CFIA implemented feed restrictions
 which were similar to the FDA&#8217;s BSE Feed Rule
 in 1997 to prevent the spread of BSE. Following confirmation of nine positive cases of BSE between May 2003 and July 2007
 however
 the CFIA amended the Canadian Health of Animals Regulations to strengthen Canada&#8217;s BSE safeguards (&#8220;SRM Ban&#8221;). These enhanced safeguards
 which became effective July 2007
 required the removal of all SRMs from animal feed
 pet food and fertilizer; placed the removal
 transport and disposal of SRM under direct CFIA control; prohibited the use of tallow containing more than 0.15% insoluble impurities in any animal feed; and extended the retention time for keeping relevant records from two years to 10 years. Rothsay management had followed development of the SRM Ban from its inception and obtained the necessary permits and implemented new procedures and documentation needed to comply. Notwithstanding the foregoing
With respect to human food
 pet food and animal feed safety in the United States
 the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 (the &#8220;FDAAA&#8221;) directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services (&#8220;HHS&#8221;) and the FDA to promulgate significant new requirements for the pet food and animal feed industries. The FDA was directed to establish a Reportable Food Registry
 which was implemented on September 8
 2009. On June 11
 2009
 the FDA issued &#8220;Guidance for Industry: Questions and Answers Regarding the Reportable Food Registry as Established by the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007: Draft Guidance.&#8221; Stakeholder comments and questions about the Reportable Food Registry were incorporated into a revised guidance
 which was published on September 8
 2009 and reissued May 2010
 with new information and still identified as draft guidance (&#8220;RFR Draft Guidance&#8221;). In the RFR Draft Guidance
 the FDA defined a reportable food
 which the manufacturer or distributor would be required to report in the Reportable Food Registry
 to include materials used as ingredients in animal feeds and pet foods
 if there is reasonable probability that the use of such materials will cause serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals. On July 27
 2010
 the FDA released &#8220;Compliance Policy guide Sec. 690.800
 Salmonella in Animal Feed
 Draft Guidance&#8221;
 finalized June 2013 (as finalized
 the &#8220;CPG&#8221;)
 which describes differing criteria to determine whether pet food and farmed animal feeds that are contaminated with salmonella will be considered to be adulterated under section 402(a)(1) of the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act (&#8220;FD&amp;C Act&#8221;). According to the CPG
pigs
 poultry and other farmed animals
 however
 will be considered to be adulterated only if the feed is contaminated with a species of salmonella that is considered to be pathogenic for the animal species that the feed is intended for. The finalization of the RFR Draft Guidance by the FDA may impose additional requirements on us. We believe that we have adequate procedures in place to assure that our finished products are safe to use in animal feed and pet food and we do not currently anticipate that the FDAAA will have a significant impact on our operations or financial performance. Any pathogen
 such as salmonella
In addition
 the Food Safety Modernization Act (&#8220;FSMA&#8221;) was enacted on January 4
 2011. The FSMA gave the FDA new authorities
 which became effective immediately. Included among these is a mandatory recall authority for adulterated foods that are likely to cause serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals
 if the responsible party fails to cease distribution and recall such adulterated foods voluntarily. The FSMA further instructed the FDA to amend existing regulations that define its administrative detention authority. Prior to the FSMA becoming law
 the FDA had authority to order that an article of food be detained only if there was credible evidence or information indicating that the article of food presented a threat of serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals. On May 5
 2011
 the FDA issued an interim final rule amending its administrative detention authority and lowering both the level of proof and the degree of risk required for detaining an article of food. This interim final rule
 which became effective on July 3
 2011
 gives the FDA authority to detain an article of food if there is reason to believe the food is adulterated or misbranded. The FMSA also requires the FDA to develop new regulations that
 among other provisions
 places additional registration requirements on food and feed producing firms. Section 102 of the FSMA amends facility registration requirements in the FD&amp;C Act for domestic and foreign manufacturers
 processors
 packers or holders of food for human or animal consumption. Such facility registrations were previously required to be updated when changes in a facility occurred
 but there were no provisions for renewing facility registrations. The FSMA
 however
 requires that facility registrations be renewed during the fourth quarter of each even-numbered year
 beginning October 1
 2012. The FDA delayed the start of facility registration renewals until October 22
 2012
 while it completed revisions to its on-line registration site and subsequently exercised enforcement discretion with respect to companies not meeting the deadline for completing such registration renewals
 during the period from December 31
 2012 to January 31
 2013. Other new FDA regulations mandated by the FSMA and currently in the proposed stage will require registered facilities to perform hazard analyses and to implement preventive plans to control those hazards identified to be reasonably likely to occur; increase the length of time that records are required to be retained; and regulate the sanitary transportation of food
 which is defined in Section 201(f) of the FD&amp;C Act to include &#8220;articles used for food or drink for man or other animals.&#8221; The FDA proposed new rules on January 16
 2013 and October 29
 2013 designed specifically to ensure the safety of food for humans and for animals
 respectively. These proposed rules each creates new good manufacturing practice regulations specifically tailored to the manufacturing
 processing
 packing and holding of human or animal food
 as well as applies the preventive control provisions outlined in the FSMA for any food. These rules would establish mandatory manufacturing procedures to protect against the possibility of a foodborne illness outbreak through contaminated food. These procedures for sanitary operations
 sanitary facilities and controls
 cleaning and maintenance
 pest control
 process controls
 warehousing and distribution controls
 and personnel hygiene apply to all food manufacturers
 distributors and warehouses
 although certain standards proposed for animal foods may differ from those proposed for human food. These rules also require human and animal food producers to establish and implement a food safety system
 including a written food safety plan
 a hazard analysis
 preventive controls for hazards that are reasonably likely to occur
 monitoring
 corrective actions
 verification and recordkeeping. Human and animal food facilities will need &#8220;qualified individuals
&#8221; those with appropriate training or job experience in the development and application of risk-based preventive controls
 to prepare
 evaluate and maintain the safety plan and preventive controls. If such risk-based food safety requirements are finalized for human and animal foods produced in the United States
 rulemaking proposed on July 29
 2013 would extend similar requirements to imported foods intended for humans or animals. This proposed imported foods rule designates the importer as the party responsible for verifying that process controls and good manufacturing practices were used by the foreign manufacturer to control hazards reasonably likely to occur in the imported food. On February 5
 2014
 the FDA proposed new regulations for the sanitary transportation of human and animal foods
 which establishes sanitary transportation practices that are to be used by shippers
 including motor vehicle and rail carriers
 and receivers engaged in the transportation of food.  We have followed the FSMA throughout its legislative history and have renewed registrations for all of our facilities and implemented hazard prevention controls and other procedures that we are assessing under the proposed rules to determine if they comply. Such rule-making could
 among other things
 limit our ability to import necessary raw materials or finished products or require us to amend certain of our other operational policies and procedures. While unforeseen issues and requirements may arise as the FDA promulgates the new regulations provided for by the FSMA
As a result of the VION Acquisition
 we could be adversely affected by additional foreign regulations regarding BSE and other food safety issues. For example
 an enforceable ban on the feeding of restricted animal material to ruminant animals was introduced in Australia in 1996. This ban is part of a comprehensive national program to prevent the entry and establishment of the BSE agent in Australia. Inspections and audits are undertaken to ensure compliance. In addition
 in the E.U.
 harmonized rules have been adopted for prevention
 control and eradication of transmissible spongiform encephalo (&#8220;TSEs&#8221;)
 which includes BSE
and food and feed hygiene regulations. The TSE Regulation establishes a &#8220;feed ban
&#8221; which is the basic preventive measure against TSE and consists of a ban on the use of processed animal protein (&#8220;PAP&#8221;)
 in feed for farmed animals. A ban on the feeding of mammalian PAP to cattle
 sheep and goats was first introduced in July 1994. The ban was expanded in January 2001 with the feeding of all processed animal proteins to all farmed animals being prohibited
 with certain limited exceptions. Only certain animal proteins considered to be safe (such as fishmeal) can be used
 and even then under very strict conditions. Other animal-derived products besides PAP
 such as collagen and gelatin from non-ruminants and hydrolyzed protein
 are not subject to the &#8220;feed ban.&#8221; In June 2013
 the &#8220;feed ban&#8221; was lifted for the feeding of aquaculture animals and the European Commission is currently investigating the options to lift the ban for other non-ruminants
 such as pigs and poultry. Although Darling Ingredients International may profit from the possible lifting of the ban for pigs and poultry
 changes to the &#8220;feed ban&#8221; may adversely affect Darling Ingredients International
 possibly restricting the allowed use of some of their products. The TSE Regulation applies to the production and placing on the market of live animals and products of animal origin. For that purpose
.  For additional information on the Company's business, see Item 1, Business
See the risk factor entitled Our business may be affected by the impact of BSE and other food safety issues
In connection with the completion of the Notes Merger, pursuant to the provisions of the Original Indenture and the Original Purchase Agreement, Darling Escrow Sub, Darling and certain of Darling&#8217;s subsidiaries: Craig Protein, Darling AWS, Darling National, Darling Northstar, Darling Global Holdings, EV Acquisition, Griffin , Terra Holding and TRS (such subsidiaries, the Guarantors) entered into a supplemental indenture with the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture
Holders of the 5.375% Notes have the benefit of registration rights. In connection with the assumption of the 5.375% Notes by Darling and the guarantee of the 5.375% Notes by the Guarantors, on the Notes Closing Date, Darling and the Guarantors became parties to, and Darling assumed all of Darling Escrow Sub&#8217;s obligations under, a registration rights agreement, dated as of January 2, 2014 (the Original Registration Rights Agreement), among Darling Escrow Sub, Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan, for themselves and on behalf of BMO, by entering into a Joinder to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the Notes Closing Date (the Registration Rights Agreement Joinder&#8221; and together with the Original Registration Rights Agreement
This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes &#8220;forward-looking&#8221; statements that involve risks and uncertainties.&#160;&#160;&#160;The words believe
 anticipate
 expect
 estimate
 intend
 could
 may
 will
 should
 planned
 potential
 and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.&#160;&#160;All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report, including, without limitation, the statements under the sections entitled Business
In connection with the completion of the Notes Merger, pursuant to the provisions of the Original Indenture and the Original Purchase Agreement, Darling Escrow Sub, Darling and certain of Darling&#8217;s subsidiaries: Craig Protein Division, Inc., Darling AWS LLC, Darling National LLC, Darling Northstar LLC, Darling Global Holdings Inc., EV Acquisition, Inc., Griffin Industries LLC, Terra Holding Company and Terra Renewal Services Inc. (such subsidiaries, the Guarantors) entered into a supplemental indenture with the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture
Original Registration Rights Agreement
The information required by this Item with respect to Items 401, 405 and 407 of Regulation S-K will appear in the sections entitled Election of Directors
 &#160;Our Management - Executive Officers and Directors
The information required by this Item will appear in the sections entitled Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item will appear in the sections entitled Transactions with Related Persons
 Promoters and Certain Control Persons
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;DEBT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt consists of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:101px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:96px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:504px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=322px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=75px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=4px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=75px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=4px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;December 28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;December 29, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Credit Agreement and Former Credit Agreement:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;text-indent:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;286,676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;text-indent:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Term Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;340,030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;8.5% Senior Notes due 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;250,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;250,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Other Notes and Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;10,129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;886,835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;250,224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Less Current Maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;19,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;866,947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;250,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, the Company had outstanding debt under a term loan facility and revolving facility denominated in Canadian dollars of CAD$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;150.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and CAD$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively.  See below for discussion relating to the Company's debt agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition, at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, the Company had capital lease obligations denominated in Canadian dollars.  The current capital lease obligation and long-term capital lease obligation in Canadian dollars was approximately CAD$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;&gt;3.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and CAD$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;&gt;7.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Senior Secured Credit Facilities.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On September 27, 2013, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) restating its then existing credit agreement dated December&amp;#160;17, 2010 (as amended by the First Amendment dated March 25, 2011) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  The Credit Agreement provides for senior secured credit facilities (the &amp;#8220;Senior Secured Facilities&amp;#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.35 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; comprised of a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year revolving loan facility of $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (approximately $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of which will be available for a letter of credit sub-facility and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of which will be available for a swingline sub-facility) and a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year delayed-draw term loan facility of $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;350.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  Under the delayed-draw term loan facility $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; is available to be borrowed in U.S. dollars by the Company and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;150.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the term loan facility is available to be borrowed in Canadian dollars by Darling Canada, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.  The revolving loan facility is available to be borrowed by the Company in U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars, and up to $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;225.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the revolving loan facility is available to be borrowed in Canadian dollars by Darling Canada.  The Company and Darling Canada used the proceeds of the term loan facility and a portion of the revolving loan facility to pay a portion of the consideration of Darling Canada&amp;#8217;s acquisition of Rothsay, to pay related fees and expenses and to refinance certain existing indebtedness and will use the revolving loan facility to provide for working capital needs, general corporate purposes and for other purposes not prohibited by the Credit Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, The Company has borrowed all $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;350.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the term facility which, when repaid, cannot be reborrowed.  The term loan facility is repayable in quarterly installments as follows: for the first eight quarters, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;1.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the original principal amount of the term loan  facility, for the ninth through sixteenth quarters, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;1.875%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the original principal amount of the term loan facility, and for each quarterly installment after such sixteenth installment until &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;September 27, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;3.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the original principal amount of the term loan facility.  The term facility will mature on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;September 27, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The interest rate applicable to any borrowings under the revolving loan facility and the term loan facility is variable based upon the Company's consolidated total leverage ratio and ranges from London Inter-Bank Offer Rate (LIBOR)/Canadian Dealer Offered Rate (CDOR) plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum or base rate/Canadian prime rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum.  Base rate means a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the prime rate in effect, (b) the federal funds effective rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus &amp;#189; of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and (c) the adjusted LIBOR for a one month interest period plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  Canadian prime rate means the rate per annum to be the higher of (i) the rate of interest per annum most recently announced or established by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch as its reference rate in effect on such day for determining interest rates for Canadian Dollar denominated commercial loans in Canada and (ii) the sum of the yearly interest rate to which the one-month CDOR rate is equivalent plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, the Company had $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding under the term loan facility and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;225.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; under the revolver at LIBOR plus a margin of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum for a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1875%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding under the revolver at base rate plus a margin of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum for a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum.  The Company had CAD$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;150.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding under the term loan Facility and CAD$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding under the revolver at CDOR plus a margin of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum for a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.32%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum.  As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, the Company had availability of $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;680.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; under the Credit Agreement taking into account amounts borrowed and letters of credit issued of $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  In addition, the Company has capitalized approximately $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of deferred loan costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Credit Agreement contains various customary representations and warranties by the Company, which include customary use of materiality, material adverse effect and knowledge qualifiers.  The Credit Agreement also contains (a) certain affirmative covenants that impose certain reporting and/or performance obligations on the Company and its restricted subsidiaries, (b) certain negative covenants that generally prohibit, subject to various exceptions, the Company and its restricted subsidiaries from taking certain actions, including, without limitation, incurring indebtedness, making investments, incurring liens, paying dividends, and engaging in mergers and consolidations, sale leasebacks and sales of assets, (c) financial covenants comprising a maximum total leverage ratio, a maximum secured leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and (d) customary events of default (including a change of control).  Obligations under the Senior Secured Facilities may be declared due and payable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of such customary events of default.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Senior Notes due 2018. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; On December&amp;#160;17, 2010, Darling issued $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;250.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; aggregate principal amount of its &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Senior Notes due 2018 (the &amp;#8220;8.5% Notes&amp;#8221;) under an indenture with U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Notes Indenture).  Darling used the net proceeds from the sale of the 8.5% Notes to finance in part the cash portion of the purchase price paid in connection with Darling's acquisition of Griffin Industries, Inc.  The Company will pay &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; annual cash interest on the 8.5% Notes on June 15 and December 15 of each year.  Other than for extraordinary events such as change of control and defined assets sales, the Company is not required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments on the 8.5% Notes. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company may at any time and from time to time purchase 8.5% Notes in the open market or otherwise.  The Company may redeem some or all of the 8.5% Notes at any time prior to December 15, 2014, at a redemption price equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the principal amount of the 8.5% Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date and an Applicable Premium (as defined below) as of the date of redemption subject to the rights of holders on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On and after December&amp;#160;15, 2014, the Company may redeem all or, from time to time, a part of the 8.5% Notes (including any additional 8.5% Notes) upon not less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; nor more than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days&amp;#8217; notice, at the following redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount), plus accrued and unpaid interest on the 8.5% Notes, if any, to the applicable redemption date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date), if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on December 15 of the years indicated below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:144px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:59.70731707317073%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=30% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.250%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;102.125%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100.000%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition, until December&amp;#160;15, 2013, the Company had the option to, redeem up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the original principal amount of the 8.5% Notes with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings at a redemption price equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date; provided that at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the original principal amount of the 8.5% Notes remains outstanding immediately after each such redemption; provided further that the redemption occurs within &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days after the closing of such equity offering. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is permitted to redeem some or all of the 8.5% Notes at any time prior to December 15, 2014, at a redemption price equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the principal amount of the 8.5% Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date and an Applicable Premium (as defined in the Note Indenture) as of the date of redemption subject to the rights of holders on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Notes Indenture contains covenants limiting Darling's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock, pay dividends on or make other distributions or repurchase of Darling's capital stock or make other restricted payments, create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts from Darling's restricted subsidiaries to Darling or Darling's other restricted subsidiaries, make loans or investments, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, create liens, designate Darling's subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries, and sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of Darling's assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Notes Indenture also provides for customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross acceleration defaults to certain other indebtedness in excess of specified amounts, certain bankruptcy and insolvency events of default and judgment defaults in excess of specified amounts. If any such event of default occurs and is continuing under the indenture, the Trustee or the holders of at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in principal amount of the total outstanding 8.5% Notes may declare the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding 8.5% Notes issued under the indenture to be due and payable immediately.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On February 7, 2014, the Company completed the redemption of the 8.5% Notes for $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;280.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, which  included a redemption premium of approximately $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and accrued and unpaid interest of approximately $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Credit Agreement and the 8.5% Notes consisted of the following elements at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:96px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:77.46341463414635%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;December 28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;December 29, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Senior Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;8.5% Notes due 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;250,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;250,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Credit Agreement and Former Credit Agreement:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Term Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;340,030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Revolving Credit Facility:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Maximum availability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;415,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Borrowings outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;286,676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Letters of credit issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;32,662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;30,119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Availability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;680,662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;384,881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:41px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by Darling National LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Darling National), Griffin Industries LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (Griffin), and its subsidiary, Craig Protein Division, Inc (Craig Protein), Darling AWS LLC, Terra Holding Company, Darling Global Holdings Inc., Darling Northstar LLC, Terra Renewal Services, Inc. and EV Acquisition, Inc., each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,  and are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by a perfected first priority security interest in all tangible and intangible personal property of the Company and the guarantors, including a pledge of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the equity interests of certain domestic subsidiaries and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the equity interests of certain foreign subsidiaries.  The 8.5% Notes are guaranteed by each of the foregoing subsidiaries, and effective as of September 27, 2013, the 8.5% Notes are secured on an equal and ratable basis with the Company's and the guarantors' obligations under the Credit Agreement.  The 8.5% Notes and the guarantees thereof rank equally in right of payment to any existing and future senior debt of Darling and the guarantors, including debt that is secured by the collateral for the Credit Agreement and the 8.5% Notes.  The 8.5% Notes and the guarantees thereof will be effectively junior to existing and future debt of Darling and the guarantors that is secured by assets that do not constitute collateral for the Credit Agreement and the 8.5% Notes, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt.  The 8.5% Notes and the guarantees thereof will be structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future liabilities (including trade payables) of each of the subsidiaries of Darling that do not guarantee the 8.5% Notes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company's financial covenants are effective for fiscal quarter ending June 28, 2014, which is the first full fiscal quarter after January 6, 2014.  As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, the Company believes it is in compliance with all other covenants contained in the Credit Agreement and Indenture.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:41px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Maturities of long-term debt at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; follow (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:101px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-indent:96px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:407px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=306px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=89px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=4px rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Debt Payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;19,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;19,502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;27,487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;27,027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;792,527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;886,835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Bridge Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. During 2013, the Company entered into a Bridge Facility (the Bridge Facility) commitment with the parties to the Senior Secured Facilities in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.3 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The proceeds of the Bridge Facility if drawn were to be used to finance the VION Acquisition.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Bridge Facility was available to ensure that the VION Acquisition would close if either or both of certain contemplated unsecured financing and the contemplated issuance of the Company's stock did not occur prior to the closing of the VION Acquisition.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company accrued a commitment fee of approximately $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;13.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the Bridge Facility.  The Company recorded the commitment fee as interest expense in December 2013 when it was determined that the Bridge Facility would not be utilized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Amended and Restated Credit Agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Subsequent to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, on the CA Closing Date, Darling, Darling Canada and Darling NL entered into the Amended Credit Agreement, restating its then existing First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September 27, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, with the lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents from time to time party thereto.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Amended Credit Agreement provides for Senior Secured Credit Facilities in the aggregate principal amount of $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.65 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; comprised of  (i) the Company's existing $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;350.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; term loan A facility (all of which has been borrowed and is currently outstanding), (ii) the Company's existing $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year revolving loan facility (approximately $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;250.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of which will be available for a letter of credit sub-facility and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of which will be available for a swingline sub-facility) and (iii) a new $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; term loan B facility.  The Amended Credit Agreement also permits Darling and the other borrowers thereunder to incur ancillary facilities provided by any revolving lender party to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities.  Up to $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;350.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the revolving loan facility is available to be borrowed by Darling in U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars, euros and other currencies to be agreed and available to each applicable lender, to be borrowed in Canadian dollars by Darling Canada and to be borrowed in U.S. Dollars, euros and other currencies to be agreed and available to each applicable lender by Darling NL and certain other foreign subsidiaries of Darling who will be added as borrowers following the CA Closing Date.  On the CA Closing Date, $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;600.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the term loan B facility was borrowed in U.S. dollars by Darling and the euro equivalent of $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;700.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the term loan B facility was borrowed in euros by Darling NL. Those borrowings under the term loan B facility are currently outstanding. The proceeds of the term loan B facility and a portion of the revolving loan facility were used to pay a portion of the consideration of the VION Acquisition by Darling of the Ingredients business of VION and the revolving loan facility will also be used for working capital needs, general corporate purposes and other purposes not prohibited by the Amended Credit Agreement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The interest rate applicable to any borrowings under the term loan A facility and the revolving loan facility will equal either LIBOR/euro interbank offered rate/CDOR plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;2.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum or base rate/Canadian prime rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;1.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum, subject to certain step-downs based on the Company's total leverage ratio. The interest rate applicable to any borrowings under the term loan B facility will equal (a) for U.S. dollar term loans, either the base rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;1.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or LIBOR plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;2.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, and (b) for euro term loans, the euro interbank offered rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;2.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, in each case subject to a step-down based on Darling&amp;#8217;s total leverage ratio. For term loan B loans, the LIBOR rate shall not be less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;0.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Amended Credit Agreement contains various customary representations and warranties by Darling and its subsidiaries, which include customary use of materiality, material adverse effect and knowledge qualifiers. The Amended Credit Agreement also contains (a) certain affirmative covenants that impose certain reporting and/or performance obligations on Darling and its subsidiaries, (b) certain negative covenants that generally prohibit, subject to various exceptions, Darling and its restricted subsidiaries from taking certain actions, including, without limitation, incurring indebtedness, making investments, incurring liens, paying dividends and engaging in mergers and consolidations, sale and leasebacks and asset dispositions, (c) financial covenants, which include a maximum total leverage ratio, a maximum secured leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio and (d) customary events of default (including a change of control) for financings of this type. Obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities may be declared due and payable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of customary events of default. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;January 6, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (the Security Agreement), by and among Darling, its domestic subsidiaries signatory thereto and any other domestic subsidiary who may become a party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, the Senior Secured Facilities, are secured, subject to certain carveouts and exceptions, by a first priority lien on substantially all of the assets of Darling and such domestic subsidiaries. The obligations of Darling Canada, Darling NL and any other foreign borrower under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities will also be secured by a first priority lien on certain assets of certain of Darling&amp;#8217;s foreign subsidiaries (including, after the VION Acquisition, certain of the subsidiaries acquired from VION) organized in Canada, Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands and Brazil, subject to certain carveouts and exceptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;&gt;January 6, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (the Guaranty Agreement), (a) the obligations of Darling under the Senior Secured Facilities are guaranteed by certain of Darling&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and (b) the obligations of Darling Canada, Darling NL and any other foreign borrower under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are guaranteed by Darling and certain of its domestic and foreign wholly-owned subsidiaries, in each case subject to certain carveouts and exceptions.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Senior Notes due 2022. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December 18, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, Darling Escrow Sub, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Darling entered into a purchase agreement (the &amp;#8220;Original Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the initial purchasers party thereto, for the sale of $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; aggregate principal amount of its &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.375%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Notes due 2022.  On &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;January 2, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, the 5.375% Notes, which were offered in a private offering in connection with the VION Acquisition, were issued pursuant to a 5.375% Notes Indenture, dated as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;January 2, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (the Original Indenture), among Darling Escrow Sub, the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined in the Original Indenture) party thereto from time to time and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), with the gross proceeds from the offering of the 5.375% Notes and certain additional amounts deposited in an escrow account pending the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the completion of the VION Acquisition, which occurred on January 7, 2014. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On January 8, 2014 (the Notes Closing Date), Darling Escrow Sub merged (the Notes Merger) with and into Darling (with Darling as the survivor of the Notes Merger), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 8, 2014, between Darling Escrow Sub and Darling. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In connection with the completion of the Notes Merger, pursuant to the provisions of the Original Indenture and the Original Purchase Agreement, Darling Escrow Sub, Darling and certain of Darling&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries: Craig Protein Division, Inc., Darling AWS LLC, Darling National LLC, Darling Northstar LLC, Darling Global Holdings Inc., EV Acquisition, Inc., Griffin Industries LLC, Terra Holding Company and Terra Renewal Services Inc. (such subsidiaries, the Guarantors) entered into a supplemental indenture with the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture
 and together with the Original Indenture, the Indenture), pursuant to which, upon effectiveness of the Notes Merger, Darling assumed all the obligations of Darling Escrow Sub under the 5.375% Notes and the Indenture and the Guarantors guaranteed the 5.375% Notes and agreed to be bound by the terms of the Indenture applicable to subsidiary guarantors of the 5.375% Notes. In addition, in accordance with the provisions of the Original Purchase Agreement, upon the completion of the Notes Merger, Darling and the Guarantors became parties to the Original Purchase Agreement, by entering into a Joinder to the Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Notes Closing Date (together with the Original Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreement), with Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan, for themselves and on behalf of BMO. Upon satisfaction of the escrow release conditions on the Closing Date, the proceeds from the offering of the 5.375% Notes were released from the escrow account in accordance with Darling&amp;#8217;s written instructions. Darling used a portion of the proceeds from the offering of the 5.375% Notes to pay the Initial Purchasers&amp;#8217; commission related to the offering of the 5.375% Notes and certain fees and expenses (including bank fees and expenses) related to the financing of the VION Acquisition and for purposes of satisfying, discharging and redeeming its &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Notes due 2018 described above.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Darling used the remaining proceeds to pay certain other fees and expenses related to the completion of the VION Acquisition and its related financings, to repay a portion of the borrowings under its revolving credit facility used to fund a portion of the consideration for the VION Acquisition and for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of indebtedness. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by Darling and the Guarantors. In addition, Darling and the Guarantors have agreed to indemnify the Initial Purchasers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or to contribute to payments the Initial Purchasers may be required to make because of any of those liabilities. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The 5.375% Notes will mature on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;January 15, 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Darling will pay interest on the 5.375% Notes on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on July 15, 2014. Interest on the 5.375% Notes will accrue at a rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.375%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per annum and be payable in cash. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The 5.375% Notes are currently guaranteed on an unsecured senior basis by the Guarantors, which constitute all of Darling&amp;#8217;s existing restricted subsidiaries that guarantee the Amended Credit Agreement (other than Darling&amp;#8217;s foreign subsidiaries). Under the Indenture, each restricted subsidiary of Darling (other than Darling&amp;#8217;s foreign subsidiaries and certain of Darling&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries that engage solely in the financing of receivables and are so designated by Darling) is required to guarantee the 5.375% Notes (a) if the Amended Credit Agreement is outstanding and such restricted subsidiary guarantees the Amended Credit Agreement and (b) if the Amended Credit Agreement is not outstanding, if such restricted subsidiary incurs or guarantees certain indebtedness in excess of $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The 5.375% Notes will rank senior in right of payment to all existing and future debt of Darling that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 5.375% Notes. The 5.375% Notes will rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future liabilities of Darling that are not so subordinated. The 5.375% Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the existing and future secured debt of Darling and the Guarantors, including debt under the Amended Credit Agreement, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The 5.375% Notes will be structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future liabilities (including trade payables) of each of the subsidiaries of Darling that do not guarantee the 5.375% Notes. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The guarantees by the Guarantors (the 5.375% Note Guarantees) will rank senior in right of payment to all existing and future debt of the Guarantors that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 5.375% Note Guarantees. The 5.375% Note Guarantees will rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future liabilities of the Guarantors that are not so subordinated. The 5.375% Note Guarantees will be effectively subordinated to all of the existing and future secured debt of the Guarantors including debt under the Amended Credit Agreement, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. Each 5.375% Note Guarantee will be structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future liabilities (including trade payables) of each of the subsidiaries of such Guarantor that do not guarantee the 5.375% Notes. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Darling is not required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the 5.375% Notes. However, under certain circumstances, Darling may be required to offer to purchase 5.375% Notes as described under Change of Control and Asset Sale Proceeds below. Darling may at any time and from time to time purchase 5.375% Notes in the open market or otherwise. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Darling may redeem some or all of the 5.375% Notes at any time prior to January 15, 2017, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 5.375% Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date and an Applicable Premium (as defined below) as of the date of redemption, subject to the rights of holders on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date. The &amp;#8220;Applicable Premium&amp;#8221; means, with respect to any Senior Note at any redemption date, the greater of: (i) 1.0% of the principal amount of such 5.375% Note; and (ii) the excess, if any, of (A) the present value as of such redemption date of (1) the redemption price of such 5.375% Note at January 15, 2017 (such redemption price being set forth in the table below), plus (2) all required interest payments due on such 5.375% Note through January 15, 2017 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date), computed using a discount rate equal to the applicable treasury rate as of such redemption date plus 50 basis points, over (B) the principal amount of such 5.375% Note. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On and after January 15, 2017, Darling may redeem all or, from time to time, a part of the 5.375% Notes (including any additional Notes), at the following redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount), plus accrued and unpaid interest on the 5.375% Notes, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date), if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on January 15 of the years indicated below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:144px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:59.70731707317073%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=30% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Percentage&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.031%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;102.688%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;101.344%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100.000%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition, prior to January 15, 2017, Darling may on one or more occasions redeem up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the original principal amount of the 5.375% Notes (calculated after giving effect to the issuance of any additional Notes) with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings at a redemption price equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;105.375%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date); provided that at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the original principal amount of the 5.375% Notes (calculated after giving effect to the issuance of any additional Notes) remains outstanding after each such redemption; provided further that the redemption occurs within &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days after the closing of such equity offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Change of Control&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. If a Change of Control (as defined in the Indenture) occurs, unless Darling has exercised its right to redeem all the 5.375% Notes as described above under &amp;#8220;Optional Redemption,&amp;#8221; each holder will have the right to require Darling to repurchase all or any part (equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof) of such holder&amp;#8217;s 5.375%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;101%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the principal amount of the 5.375% Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Asset Sale Proceeds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. If Darling or its subsidiaries engage in certain Asset Dispositions (as defined in the Indenture), Darling generally must, within specific periods of time, either prepay, repay or repurchase certain of its or its Restricted Subsidiaries&amp;#8217; indebtedness or make an offer to purchase a principal amount of the 5.375% Notes and certain other debt equal to the excess net cash proceeds, or invest the net cash proceeds from such sales in additional assets. The purchase price of the 5.375% Notes will be &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Indenture contains covenants limiting Darling&amp;#8217;s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock; pay dividends on or make other distributions or repurchase of Darling&amp;#8217;s capital stock or make other restricted payments;  create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts from Darling&amp;#8217;s restricted subsidiaries to Darling or Darling&amp;#8217;s other restricted subsidiaries; make loans or investments;  enter into certain transactions with affiliates; create liens;  designate Darling&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and  sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of Darling&amp;#8217;s assets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Indenture also provides for customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross acceleration defaults to certain other indebtedness in excess of specified amounts, certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency and judgment defaults in excess of specified amounts. If any such event of default occurs and is continuing under the Indenture, the Trustee or the holders of at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in principal amount of the total outstanding 5.375% Notes may declare the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding 5.375% Notes issued under the Indenture to be due and payable immediately. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Holders of the 5.375% Notes have the benefit of registration rights. In connection with the assumption of the 5.375% Notes by Darling and the guarantee of the 5.375% Notes by the Guarantors, on the Closing Date, Darling and the Guarantors became parties to, and Darling assumed all of Darling Escrow Sub&amp;#8217;s obligations under, a registration rights agreement, dated as of January 2, 2014 (the Original Registration Rights Agreement), among Darling Escrow Sub, and Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan, for themselves and on behalf of BMO, by entering into a Joinder to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date (the Registration Rights Agreement Joinder&amp;#8221; and together with the&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:66px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Original Registration Rights Agreement

@(R(H+3DP*HV*R(C,D0R-CL]0$!`)C!&2T4^2CD_0#W_
MVP!#`0L+P\-#QT0$!T]*2
I/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]
M/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3W_P``1`-!#T#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4










M`



:'$7(

IA7`)P


?G+]T$DNK
/EX.6
M&.F



M\@;())\MB



\#27&GW4]K.)XU$D$C(P!
M)R



(3S&<[E95.T8)D8@_/[5S7A#0)=

C\10!TW@;5+Z\TGQ
Q
MC`4XDG@#VKG?/A3Q-XK\
1:LGCG5K=Y2X6$R2L`58KRWF#KCTX]ZN_JYE
MO/'BJYF`$LTTKN`
`$QDGCZFLSP)\5M&\*^$+?2[RUOY;F%I&)B1AW,2.2
MP/?TH`Z[P9XFU34_#6NV.L29U;2#)%+,OREN&PV1@9!5AD=@#UKA?#,-WKNC
M1WE_\4)]+G9F4VTUXVY0#@'F53SUZ5V/@?2;^/0/$^NZI:O:7&L-+,MNZX*(
M`Y&00
ECUZ@`]Z\U\
M+BUT^V1X4BG.6#9#'G<

TOPK8:5;:=J%SJ4%LD$:*B['D```!#%L$_[.?:@#M_AUXEF

*V*S#
MR)'*Y&`?E#*.=W7VKI/A;X?NO#WA./4$:.ZNY6N9(V&FX``$=CA02.Q.*Y


Z94;/\*@R*!CKQZUKZ%8+I?QHM;15P(M%C3Z[55<_^.UR




MI?ZLOBK2;V^N&O'


-WKNC1WE_\4)]+G9F4VTUXVY0#@'F53SUZ5VW@O6?

M/@-M4MGY









'(
M)UW12Z@$<9(RIP



MHVE:3((GE@!$DDGS#JI!(R&XW```'!-2ZI(DOQ\\/R1L&1].9E8'(8%9L$'T



9SN5E4[1@F1B#\_M6OXGQJ7COPOI7)C@


M:_A[Q?J%[\+=:MKVZN(]6L+0RI.TC5XW&Y'#9SGG&

)M3^)GB738-.GO-.TR



MNX+J$DJ)()`ZY'49!(S0!;HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

IRN[C)
ML`P&0,@9STK1HHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*X[Q_P#\N'_;3_V6NQKC
MO'__`X?]M/_`&6@#I-+_P/1_\`KXF_]&M5VJ6E_P#'H_\`U\3?^C6J[0`4

M?!ZI+'-;QZ7+*A5U9?-41H>G\2@L/;)]Z[6]M4OKXM)PCN(VB8J

1S:?!-*!T
@=U!/N54#/H

#&-N.


N+@KO8*

MDCJ*T*I:I_QZ)_U\0_\`HU:`#[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZN
MT4`4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_
M`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+J[10!2^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[Z
MB_\`BZNT4`4OML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_]`V[_
M`.^HO_BZ/ML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`]`V[
M_P^HO\`XNKM%`%+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+J[10!2^V
MS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]
M`V[_`.^HO_BZNT4`4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZNT4
M`4OML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NKM%`%+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^
M+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZNT4`4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+J[
M10!2^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+J[10!2^VS_P#0-N_^
M^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZNT4`4OML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[
MZB_^+J[10!2^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ/ML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/\`]`V[
M_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNKM%`%+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`
MT#;O_OJ+_P+J[10!2^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;
M/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZNT4`4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ/ML
M_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZNT4`4OML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NK
MM%`%+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZNT4`4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_X
MNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_
M`.+J[10!2^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZNT4`4OML__`$#;
MO_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ/ML__0-N_P#O
MJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNKM%`%+[;/_
M`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+J[10!2^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ/ML__
M`$#;O_OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZNT4`4OML
M_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZNT4`4OML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+
MH^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NKM%`%+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZN
MT4`4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_
M`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+J[10!2^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[Z
MB_\`BZNT4`4OML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_]`V[_
M`.^HO_BZ/ML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`]`V[
M_P^HO\`XNKM%`%+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+J[10!2^V
MS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]
M`V[_`.^HO_BZNT4`4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZNT4
M`4OML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NKM%`%+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^
M+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZNT4`4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+J[
M10!2^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+JQ$[21JS1O&3_``L02/K@D?K4M%`!1110`444



M%VBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*X[Q_P#\N'_;3_V6NQKCO'__`X?
M]M/_`&6@#I-+_P/1_\`KXF_]&M5VJ6E_P#'H_\`U\3?^C6J[0`4444`%%%%

M#_Z-6KM4M4_X]$_Z^(?_`$:M`%VBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*X[

MC_\`7Q-_Z-:KM`!1110`4444`%%%%`!5+5/^/1/^OB'_`-&K5VJ6J?\`'HG_
M`%\0_P#HU:`+M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%

;FV0PK&L9RBJNYCMSG<QW;B
@8P
M[_A&3J
\]QKL\-Y++:O9J((#B1,06PK,QW$@?-GH!@#DD`QYM+M?#E[X9N=
M+@2&:YN1:W+HOS7*M$S%I#U9MRAMS9(.?4YZ'Q#I:S:0PW5SY5C'
);J/'$

$9!
M


;1R3CI@`Z
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**




1S:?!-*!T
@=U!/N54#/HH]J`.IJEJG_'HG_7
MQ#_Z-6KM8^J74PA5?L5QM6XBPX:/#8D7&/FSST&0.O.*`-BBJ7VV?_H&W?\`
MWU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%T`7:*I?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_
M`'U%_P#%T`7:*I?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`%VBJ7VV?
M_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W?_?47_Q=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_
M`-]1?_%T`7:*I?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T`7:*I?;
M9_\`H&W?_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?
M_H&W?_?47_Q=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%T`7:*I?;9
M_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T`7:*I?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`7
M1]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W?_?47_Q=`%VB
MJ7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%T`7:*I?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%
MT?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T`7:*I?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_
M`!=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W?_?47_Q=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_
M\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%T`7:*I?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%
M_P#%T`7:*I?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W
M?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W?_?47_Q=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1
M?_%T`7:*I?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T`7:*I?;9_\`
MH&W?_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W
M?_?47_Q=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%T`7:*I?;9_P#H
M&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T`7:*I?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`71]MG
M_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W?_?47_Q=`%VBJ7VV
M?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%T`7:*I?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9
M_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T`7:*I?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`
M%VBJ7VV?_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W?_?47_Q=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]
MMG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%T`7:*I?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%
MT`7:*I?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?_?4
M7_Q='VV?_H&W?_?47_Q=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%T
M`7:*I?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T`7:*I?;9_\`H&W?
M_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W?_?4
M7_Q=`%VBJ7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%T`7:*I?;9_P#H&W?_


M;9_^@;=_]]1?_%U8B=I(U9HWC)_A8@D?7!(_6@6BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*X[Q__`
N'_;3_`-EKL:X[

M!D7VA+=:@;VVOKNPNFC$4DMOY9



M2.@****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KCO'__`X?]M/_`&6NQKCO'_\`RX?]M/\`V6@#I-+_

M/^OB'_T:M7:I:I_QZ)_U\0_^C5H`NT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444




Z`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*

MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KCO'_`/RX?]M/
M_9:[&N.\?_\`+A_VT_\`9:`.DTO_`(]'_POB;_T:U7:I:7_`

M-:KM`!1110`451O]7T[2E1M1O[6T$A(0W$RQAB.H&XC-/O+^TT^V^TWUU!;6

MXN-/NX+J$DJ)()`ZY'49!(S0!;JEJG_'HG_7Q#_Z-6KM4M4_X]$_Z^(?_1JT
M`7:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`




C:7^R^81C_?`;Z\]:Z6R



MKM%`%+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZNT4`4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB
M_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZNT4`4OML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H^VS_P#0-N_^
M^HO_`(NKM%`%+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZNT4`4OML__0-N
M_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-
MN_\`OJ+_`.+J[10!2^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZNT4`4O
MML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ/ML_
M_0-N_P#OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNKM
M%`%+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+J[10!2^VS_\`0-N_^^HO
M_BZ/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ
MNT4`4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZNT4`4OML_\`T#;O
M_OJ+_P+H^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NKM%`%+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_
M^^HO_BZNT4`4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_`/0-
MN_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+J[10!2^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_
M`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZNT4`4OML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+J[10!2^
MVS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ/ML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[
M;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNKM%`%+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+
MJ[10!2^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_
M^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZNT4`4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB
M_P#BZNT4`4OML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NKM%`%+[;/_P!`
MV[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZNT4`4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`
M[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+J[10!2^VS
M_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZNT4`4OML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/
M_P!`V[_[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ/ML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNKM%`%+[
M;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNKM%`%+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`
MBZ/ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+J[10!2^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XN
MKM%`%+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZNT4`4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB

5I;O-
ZI&@RS'H!0)M)79G7^N_P!F



SX_Y!EW_`-]1?_%T?;9_^@;=_P#?47_Q=7:*L[2E]MG_`.@;=_\`
M?47_`,71]MG_`.@;=_\`?47_`,75VB@E]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!='VV?_`*!M
MW_WU%_\`%U=HH`I?;9_^@;=_]]1?_%T?;9_^@;=_]]1?_%U=HH`I?;9_^@;=
M_P#?47_Q='VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\75VB@E]MG_`.@;=_\`?47_`
71]MG_`.@;
M=_\`?47_`
75VB@E]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!='VV?_`*!MW_WU%_\`%U=HH`I?
M;9_^@;=_]]1?_%T?;9_^@;=_]]1?_%U=HH`I?;9_^@;=_P#?47_Q=6(G:2-6
M:-XR?X6()'UP2/UJ6B@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`N.\?_`/+A_P!M/_9:[&N.\?\`_+A_VT_]EH`Z32_^
M/1_^OB;_`-&M5VJ6E_\`'H__`%\3?^C6J[0`4444`%%%%`!1110`52U3_CT3

M@`HHHH`*I:I_QZ)_U\0_^C5J[5+5/^/1/^OB'_T:M`%VBBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BLS7


(M=MDTW4-1M;6RU[2W%F8W6XA#G%F+8+=V7:
#OQ0!V=




M+G/3
&D7RZOJL&IZ[:ZDMVLA%E9MIER([





MRO;?19FG:P@OH-373I)WW?9QR&:3!8$`(22W!'4T`=Q17,-X@DM-:^.H:?
MJS33I;VS6

Z11J0/N!E+$E@
M/O#')YZ537Q;)'I%T]Q#&VH6UZNG&.
D))

MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB

M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`4456N[VQA
MS


%@N!C`[
MR*\5T?SOW
D7
BEONCUSW4X.#_(@@.MYI)\R
FR(X\L




0H#'.
#=@'DXZFBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH



?-GGH

MJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H`NT52^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`
MOJ+_`.+H`NT52^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ`+M%4OML__
M`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H`NT52^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ/ML__0-N
M_P#OJ+_XN@[15+[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XN@[15+
M[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H`NT52^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ/
MML__`$#;O_OJ+_XN@[15+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ`+M%
M4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ`+M%4OML_\`T#;O_OJ+
M_P+H^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(N@[15+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO
M_BZ`+M%4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H`NT52^VS_`/0-N_\`
MOJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H`NT52^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V
M[_[ZB_\`BZ`+M%4OML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H`NT52^VS_]
M`V[_`.^HO_BZ/ML__0-N_P#OJ+_XN@[15+[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`
M]`V[_P^HO\`XN@[15+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H`NT
M52^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XN@[15+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^
MVS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ`+M%4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#B
MZ`+M%4OML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(N@[15+[;/_P!`V[_[
MZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ`+M%4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_
M^+H`NT52^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H`NT52^VS_P#0
M-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ`+M%4OML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`
MV[_[ZB_^+H`NT52^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ/ML__0-N_P#OJ+_XN@[15+[;/\`
M]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XN@[15+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/M
ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H`NT52^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XN@[1
M5+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ`+M%4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#B





MOJ+_`.+JCJ225D7:*I?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=`R[15
M+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZ`+M%4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_XNC[;
M/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H`NT52^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H
M`NT52^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ`+M%4OML__`$#;O_OJ
M+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H`NT52^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZBGU9K6%IKBPN8XD&
M2S/`/\`Q^@#1K#UOQ19Z




['^Q8]76VO'L961R1HK%V9MHJ&+$EN.!5N


;VD2W&X$9!Q&S'&._2@#=HKGM+\

M!+1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`

M_P#CT?\`Z^)O_1K5=H`****`


MNN]@HP%`554`9/``Y))R36K10`52U3_`(]$_POB'_T:M7:I:I_QZ)_U\0_
M^C5H`NT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`445!=7

*%Y'/15`R2?P



\VZ_O`S)$F4J6+-S\H.
#U/3H2`#7HHHH`3M11FJ&HZO


=[ZX/9C\@]O4_R
M]JZ6.-8DQJJJ!@`#``I]'+WU''#7?-5?



:

6
228B)]

M=XXA


K*6+-$H16(W

ZN9+Q;2.&6.YD
M55<[]^5;:%4D;<CC@\YQDVQX=TW^RH].%L5M87WQ!965HVR3N5P=RG)/((/

F4MOR!P#NX``&*`


MZ9CV45O4U5J%48`&!3J`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*X[Q_\`\N'_`&T_]EKL:X[Q_P#\N'_;3_V6@#I-

M/1/^OB'_`-&K5VJ6J?\`'HG_`%\0_P#HU:`+M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!6/KHU62&W@T=A%)-


T^X
M&IW-G)EO=3*B[#)]\/MVJQ0?-@`$Y`(J:WO-7M/$5WHT6H)JDHT_PTH]U&


4C
?H```
#'`H`9IF

PMY
M-1NO(-R54F)0C

CRR2R1L92Z;=


M

@5-C

M?


$9`[@D?C20^%/#]O
DL&A:




``8Q3Z**HZ@HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`***BN+F*UA::XD6.)!EF8X`H`DK#UKQ/::./*&9[MN%@C.3D]
GM_/V
MK+N-?U'Q#

G)ZX';^?O
M5\JCK+[BK6W
NWT'4/$



MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`*X[Q__P`N'_;3_P!EKL:X[Q__`
N'_;3_`-EH`Z32_P#CT?\`Z^)O
M_1K5=JEI?_'H_P#U\3?^C6J[0`4444`%%%%`!1110`52U3_CT3_KXA_]&K5V

M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!

M[

OHX
Y=5E`()[@
M$@GH

MT_(?_$4?8/&7_03M/R'_`

MC^R?%?\`T&(?^^1_\31S/L'UB7\C_#_
ZVBN2_LGQ7_T&(?^^1_\31_9/BO_
M`*#$/_?(_P#B:.9]@^L2_D?X'6T5R?\`8GB9_P#6:TB^FU?_`*PH_L'Q'_T'



W_?+?\`Q5'_``B^M?\`0PS?]\M_\51=]@]O4_Y]O[U_F;VJ

MQJ4EX(\
V2=JMCI@D\X/ZFM+P+#I]S=2I=0(]TF&C9^1CO@=
C@^OY4^:^BW
-8XD&%51@I:**@D;WJ&[NX+&UDN+F18H8

40.&F([_
M`.)[=!W-:TZ7

M1161L%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1


MHI!T9(E4C\0*N4478N5=A:***!A1110`4444`%%%%`%'4M3M-(LFNKZ;R800

MFF6EK!J&K*66SG$EN!N9C*054*H^\QW$`8/)SVS7(ZUIU\-*O=:U1!`^HWMD

%=5)7@\

2^*;)!=QV@?2[U


C.]5[#/TYJUJVH)I.D7E_*
I;0O






@@U/0`4444`










MGDFDDNB\C%F/F#DDY/:DDULSAK4






K2QM/M6OWL'DPQAF^X


MU(QX\O\`LRW\S!/WO
DV_IFM'_A'-
&E'3C:@VQ?S[%R^=V_?G=OSSNSG/

MKM%`%+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZNT4`4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB
M_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZNT4`4OML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+H^VS_P#0-N_^
M^HO_`(NKM%`%+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZNT4`4OML__0-N
M_P#OJ+_XNC[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-
MN_\`OJ+_`.+J[10!2^VS_P#0-N_^^HO_`(NC[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZNT4`4O
MML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+J[10!2^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ/ML_
M_0-N_P#OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNC[;/\`]`V[_P^HO\`XNKM
M%`%+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`T#;O_OJ+_P+J[10!2^VS_\`0-N_^^HO
M_BZ/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNKM%`%+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ
MNT4`4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ/ML_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZNT4`4OML_\`T#;O


M7_Q='VV?_H&W?_?47_Q=7:*`*7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%U
M=HH`I?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%U=HH`I?;9_\`H&W?
M_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=_]]1?_`!=7:*`*7VV?_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W?_?4
M7_Q=7:*`*7VV?_H&W?\`WU%_\71]MG_Z!MW_`-]1?_%U=HH`I?;9_P#H&W?_
M`'U%_P#%T?;9_P#H&W?_`'U%_P#%U=HH`I?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`71]MG_P@
M;=_]]1?_`!=7:*`*7VV?_H&W?_?47_Q='VV?_H&W?_?47_Q=7:*`*7VV?_H&




M=$5C^F6'./;CH*ZK[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZN45E.;F[LVITU35D4_ML__`$#;
MO_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+J[14EE+[;/_`-`V[_[ZB_\`BZ/ML_\`T#;O

71]MG_`.@;=_\`?47_`

)-8MM4@2UCMTMV@MU8

MX%OF1@%QR/E.0#L_ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNC[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+JVI)4$C!/;T
MIU`%+[;/_P!`V[_[ZB_^+H^VS_\`0-N_^^HO_BZNT4`4OML__0-N_P#OJ+_X







MO_(=%$D

WTZ(37BW\YA0C.YO)3
M`VGK].]=O10


$B1BPSA=C


M-









ML#1
J\$Y.20.
UK++(UP\9@D5%4%925VL3G(`!SD8YR`.1@GG$^1ZBC-`&%I


M.
N5W1R)\(ZH!_R
UY^3?_%UYV#@5[CBC`]*B5-

YF
M8)&Q6,*T9<\!AMR%/4'C.#C!UW_2])\6:XH9+Z%K';R
I42K&PS)SU4EL!N

MKCO'_P#RX?\`;3_V6NQKCO'_`/RX?]M/_9:`.DTO_CT?_KXF_P#1K5=JEI?_

MB?\`7Q#_`.C5H`NT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11



_\`H/\`6CE7
M1A9=SJZ*Y3[5XP@ZV5G./9@#_PAC_A(M?@_P/CP^[X_YYL?Z!J/9OHU]X
M6.KK,U#2#?:QI=]YVS[`\C[-N=^YN
8$6MO)D6S/S.RDMNSQP
MF,8[]:;?:=J+:A]KTW4E@9XQ&\5S$TT7!)#*H==K<D$Y.1CCBHXO&&BR]+U0
M?1D9?YBK<6NZ9-]S4+4GT\U0?RS2<6MT%F0Z7I!T:QMK2RE7R4D9YFEC+-*6
M)9B"`I+-G.








W]N_V<]R(E`NH@6&[&
`G&
ZTS^S4ENA
MIMI<R;+N_50XMS@%0P*KN;Y=S*0!Z$C%O07O)'ED75H-7TN10UO=`H9`X)#





MUC6V#Z[?&&$G/V:`\?0]OYU7)U;L7;N7=1\9:?9

M43!XDU__`%SC2[5OX5SYA'OW_


M
LQ:3!4G@*F

N5T^X-NK2L^
L_F1@E0GW



A'H.O4=P.@HINI)JS8784M%%2(****`BBB@`HHHH`2BD/UJE?:O8::
WE




M4''YU=/$JE*\(HSJX2556E+7\#A?AGI]S%]JNY59(9`%0

;CG.17H%-5%C0



Q4D
M8&5P`








6H0_

MVUA):QF?0[Z.:S


X'OV]%`'''PC


&F
\BC:B!)'''^
MR`O4\X'/-9^@^(=6U*Y\12RV^?LZ1RV%I@*2K(S*&.`=S84D'IG':@#LZ*X3




M*/Q/Y(ZX4XTTHK9%5_$^I:PYCT#3V*9P;B884?3M^I^E26_@Y[R87&O7LEY+

`4^CGM\*L5?L5[6SM[*$16L*0H/X44#_\`


M10`
.=975M2C-M-YMFBX0KD`M_%P


MFXK4RHXR



MWA[4;#Q!K-OJFH:KISZAL9;+3H+Q)/LZL

M.











4


M

M&LZ?]DAETBX2=(_

8ZM/*_PU\4V
\KSII]XUK%)



M?



MZJLIM)'+0L%ECEB:*2



@8`Z5N6@;_A9FI&/'E_V9;^9@G[WF2;?TS0!T]4M4_X



ML;`@(4

U.WLG\_3+MI/LTK(&E0JR':0Q4-
M@AER1TP=O:U=:I/8%KN6SN$M0



MOPQIND[6A@$DP_Y:2_
V?;L/P%7/ML__`$#;O_OJ+_XNE^VSX_Y!MW_WU%_\
M70Y.UEH:1BH+EBK(NT52^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+H^VS_`/0-N_\`OJ+_`.+J
M2B[15+[;/_T#;O\`[ZB_^+H^VS_]`V[_`.^HO_BZ`+M%4OML_P#T#;O_`+ZB
M_P#BZ/MT_P#T#;O_`+ZB_P#BZ`+=`ZUS6H^.-.TJ0QW
4_G#JB-&Q!]#M8X_
M&LF;5_%7B!

)5XIV6K\CK=2UBQT
MF+S+ZZCAR
@$Y8_0#D_A7




EVXY$
9VHOM_^HMF?PGI%S8T-C''$O*E!M
M8'USU)^M7OML^/\`D&W7_?47_P`71]MG_P@;=?]]1?_`!=1.M.?7;MH7&A

M_P!]1?\`Q=9MMN[=S2

4GVV?_
M`*!MW_WU%_\`%T?;9_\`H&W?_?47_P`733:V&XI[E27PMHDH^;2[4?[L87^6




BNE^VS_\`0-NO





S

MH_4T?\(OXCU8DZQKAAC/6*W!QCT.
#^==2+V?_H&W?\`WU%_\72_;9_^@;=_


MK2JE]MG_`.@;=_\`?47_`




O'TK<HH`Y:T\)W



MMC&/QI^LZ1%K5HD$KR1/'(LT


MV





MGDX-P_#
/;_`?B:V]'\/6.B1YA7?

.#0-0URX^
MU^(Y?+MT^9;9&P





M.



MOY
K`JRM

]ZDLBTS4[^;4]5L=.U&+5TMH%:.YN-JB.X)(\

L

1*
$+D`;L9QD]:NZCI;:_%



MQ77UR.G^&K^P\9PW?V^ZFL8=/\A2ZP*
AN(]J(I``PV0!R
9QQ774`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!36R%^4`GL




8S'&+=44(_F$N3SD$


MU2XUB+QUHD;W


=T;*-O'/)]1Q0
M!M4444`%%%%`!124UW1%RS*!ZDX%`#L^U%4)=9TV#_6W]JI]#*
_EFJ
WC'1

ZSXIN!_HVBQQ@_P#/5NGYE:/*\97(
M_P!=96V?8''Z-2Y_(?L&MY)?



MG]!]:'42TA_P3FJ8J
7R05WV7ZLT]4\5:?I)%O#_`*1.ORB&'H#V!(X'TZ^U
M9@TS6_$K!]3E-C9'D0(

NTF-@2,\X8XS5/[/XJ\2G_2)5TBS;^!0?,(]^_YE?I6KI/@O2M)
M82'[1
.?-G^8Y]0.@_+/O6GLX0^-W?9?YF/M*D_@5EW?^1RMU;W_BRVLK;2








MAFO/R?\`^+J^9]CF]G3_`)U]S_R.MHKDAX
OCS)XAO&;N?F_^*I?^$+N_P#H


7O



+@_+86EN.Q8@G_P!/\N]']F^+KC_`%NJV\2G
MLBC(_P#'?ZUUM)2Y?,/;V^&*7R_S.3_X1+4YS_I?BZ8'JJ[@/\`T+'KVIR_





Q63:9
XR`3D
M#L0

M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11

M`


GWIMQAOJS*IB(4G;=]D2K8:

Z?9'_EJQ^9A['K^7YUH:7X
M0L[.0W%XS7ET3N
DW(!]0/ZG-=$`%''2H;E-W;
.2M6UJ.R[+?YLP])\*6.E




C!)SCISX=GL=1
6DNND:;#;[WO(UBDEED)/RDR!L*H`8

M]N=$2



M

MT[JYE9I[^[-Q]FC(D

FW_`
)1K&I'&D:
^T]))\A3


M`
!=*MVWSK+=R9SF5^
_08_7-+F;V0_9TX_%*_H



M(`BT65Q_%



JR-GIA2

]<GHSR7?CF:2\7
L.D6VP-@E2[



7G
=XR.


M'=K.L3R@]8XN%_#/'Z57

M'\;M=
4TG3+JZ;IN(PH]^
_KBM&S\):/98*6:R
/XI?G/Y'C]*V$140*BA5'
M``&
46D^M@YJ


M2V
7*3=VQ:***8@HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H


X5%!9C@$\`X`)H`T**R?^$C
MTPZ4=1-T!;!_+)*




_G/+-*Y`)^@.?S)JZ\1^(%MWN/[
M[*W09:6[E
MJ@Z9)8J!4=B_B'7H//M-:TXV^=I:U=9`.HW`'GGU[TGBI;05EY+]=SI6`B

M




P:/'J4=SH^J3Z=Y6F7-Y$D4YF4L0S#:Q3J`?



L;1$D9W%5((*G((]
$\XL7NM6U
7Z7:V,&C:#;Z8(5\4P30)=*Q!NT52%E$G\7EA00-WR[=N/
MX:]0H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@

FK.H9_X6+H?F9\O[%=;
YQOS'GVSMS^M;FH:?;
M:K8RV5[%YMM



M@2W_`





;H\W4O^?2T_P#`
MEO\`XW5VB@EYNI?\^EI_P!+?\`QNCS=2_Y]+3_`


M`
;H\W4O^?2T_P#`EO\`XW5VB@EYNI?\^EI_P!+?\`QNCS=2_Y]+3_`


;H\W4O^?2T_P#`EO\`XW5VB@EYNI?\^EI_P!+?\`
MQNCS=2_Y]+3_`

M_P!+?\`QNCS=2_Y]+3_`,6_P#C=7:*`*7FZE_SZ6G_`($M_P#&Z/-U+_GT

;H\W4O^?2T_P#`EO\`XW5VB@E
MYNI?\^EI_P!+?\`QNCS=2_Y]+3_`


;H\W4O^?2T
M_P#`EO\`XW5VB@EYNI?\^EI_P!+?\`QNCS=2_Y]+3_`


M@2W_`
;H\W4O^?2T_P#`EO\`XW5VB@EYNI?\^EI_P!+?\`QNCS=2_Y]+3_
M`


;H\W4O^?2T_P#`EO\`XW5VB@EYNI?\^EI_P!
M+?\`QNK$9D:
&551^X5BP'T)`S^52T4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4

M:?\`LM`'2:7_`





M=G*LUO
?_K?-U#S



H9)


M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44




ZQ2
N

\88(Q&!RRD\#T%;-%`

M-1@*!5FB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`N.\?_\`+A_VT_\`9:[&N.\?_P#+A_VT_P#9:`.DTO\`X]'_`.OB
M;_T:U7:I:7_QZ/\`]?$W_HUJNT`%%%%`!1110`4444`%4M4_X]$_Z^(?_1JU
M=JEJG_'HG_7Q#_Z-6@[1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444



M%VBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*X[Q_P#\N'_;3_V6NQKCO'__`X?
M]M/_`&6@#I-+_P/1_\`KXF_]&M5VJ6E_P#'H_\`U\3?^C6J[0`4444`%4=2

D6Y4&R-G8LS!54*H+$DD#`!J]6%XDTY-473H&U);%EO$EB.U6

M59WAM9)A.BB1HYX)(7VG(#!7DJ2


MU\0_^C5J[6/JCW@A4W
8GBVMY[`G]XN

M);_XW1YNI?\`/I:?^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE_P`^EI_X$M_\

MW1YNI?\`/I:?^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE_P`^EI_X$M_\;H`N

MI?\`/I:?^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE_P`^EI_X$M_\;H`NT52\

M/I:?^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE_P`^EI_X$M_\;H`NT52\W4O^

M^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE_P`^EI_X$M_\;H`NT52\W4O^?2T_








M5+S=2_Y]+3_P);_XW1YNI?\`/I:?^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE

M2_Y]+3_P);_XW1YNI?\`/I:?^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE_P`^

M+3_P);_XW1YNI?\`/I:?^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE_P`^EI_X

M);_XW1YNI?\`/I:?^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE_P`^EI_X$M_\

MW1YNI?\`/I:?^!+?_&Z`+M%4O-U+_GTM/_`EO_C='FZE_P`^EI_X$M_\;H`N
MT52\W4O^?2T_\6_^-U8C,C1@RJJ/WL6`^A(&?RH`EHHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N.\?\`_+A_VT_]EKL:
MX[Q__P`N'_;3_P!EH`Z32_\`CT?_`*^)O_1K5=JEI?\`QZ/_`-?$W_HUJNT`



MZ)_U\0_^C5J[5+5/^/1/^OB'_P!&K0!=HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`N.\?_`/+A_P!M/_9:[&N.\?\`_+A_VT_]EH`Z32_^/1_^OB;_`-&M5VJ6
ME_\`'H__`%\3?^C6J[0`4444`%%%%`!1110`52U3_CT3_KXA_P#1JU=JEJG_
M`!Z)_P!?$/\`Z-6@[1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`


M_1K5=H`****`BBB@`HHHH`*I:I_QZ)_U\0_^C5J[5+5/^/1/^OB'_T:M`%V
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

MD@C(&

M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`

;R?N[HL?^/5OW5I!?6LMM=1)
M+!*I5XW&0RGJ*IZ;H-CI4[S6L<QG=1&TD\\DS[1DA0SEB%!).`<9H`U*Q]4



;H\W4O^?2T_P#`EO\`XW5VB@EYNI?\^EI_P!
M+?\`QNCS=2_Y]+3_`

M\^EI_P!+?\`QNCS=2_Y]+3_`,6_P#C=7:*`
V6\OX984:TM29G*+BY;@[2

MW_QNKM%`%+S=2_Y]+3_P);_XW1YNI?\`/I:?^!+?_&ZNT4`4O-U+_GTM/_`E

ME_SZ6G_@2W_QNKM%`%+S=2_Y]+3_`
6_P#C='FZE_SZ6G_@2W_QNKM%`%+S
M=2_Y]+3_`,6_P#C='FZE_SZ6G_@2W_QNKM%`%+S=2_Y]+3_`
6_P#C='FZ
ME_SZ6G_@2W_QNKM%`%+S=2_Y]+3_`,6_P#C='FZE_SZ6G_@2W_QNKM%`%+S
M=2_Y]+3_`
6_P#C='FZE_SZ6G_@2W_QNKM%`%+S=2_Y]+3_`,6_P#C='FZ
ME_SZ6G_@2W_QNKM%`%+S=2_Y]+3_`


M7_/I:?\`@2W_`
;J[10!2\W4O^?2T_\``EO_`(W1YNI?\^EI_P!+?\`QNKM
M%`%+S=2_Y]+3_P`6_\`C='FZE_SZ6G_`($M_P#&ZNT4`4O-U+_GTM/_``);


M5$D21O(R##2-N8YZG`&?R`_*@OYNI?\^EI_X$M_\;H\W4O^?2T_\6_^-U=


M_/I:?^!+?_&Z/-U+_GTM/_`EO_C=7:*`*7FZE_SZ6G_@2W_QNCS=2_Y]+3_P

M?_&Z/-U+_GTM/_`EO_C=7:*`










I78VT-SD#C!!R.*;!J:7NCC4=
M
5KQ)(C)`J_(9N.`-V




MHN]D



0N`








4T/VB[FLA<FQ^4D/Y9'#;MJYQD;CWQ0!V6@^+-&\3
MK
VC7ZW(A($@V




.F*2V
63**C*<,2!T/<<'M7
:]K=IX7^(5OJ&K
M-)#976G&V281.X\T2;MN%!.2#GI64+Z9_AUX@O([3:7U.9W2XMA
84
J[F:
M\
R+EMIX!7GI0!UF@^-]`\373VVD:BMQ.B[V0QNAVYQD;@
_ATS3T\9Z&^K'



MFYO+5;62*[E@\D')0*V


MBRD\R-7:
ML*_
I*L

+*.%!/4CM0`ZSUSQ)
P&<TW1_$&F:_IO\`:&F7D<]J59P
MNTCJ&#`%?7D#C!Z5P_V8Z+X(\
W=['=3V6GWOVFY$MJ(WCC;S-KF)6;:%+*



*](%YJB:=I2:-9L=T4\[?:9D!P64KE5SG@')]LG%=#X6B2'PKI

M@CZ@';:KK::7I\=REK=7

MBQ9C#*%QN0AOF##.?0@^W-'Q'XCTSPS\0+.[UBZ^S0/IDD:-Y;/EC*IQA03T
M!HL=8MO&WC#3+W11-+INE+
TEVT3(CRNH41KN`)(!+'CCCUH`U=2\=^'-(U5

M`)/X#BO)KR:XTBZUK2;_`

D8(QVS76:
MC-%X8F\*ZEK(G:QLK)[:2XDB)





M
UO;/.)55;10;A%D#-(L7\08`L`VV.1S63X6O6
MU[QCID\7BF?7/L2R%O+T9;9(59-KOE2`3C``;)7H
9H`[
^//#@U&*P.JQ+

LTMFML)5:2
%E
M0


@E7=DPEE#'(/S8('U[4`=+X8UN36M.F-U`L%]:
L7L,EA83W4EVB3!F=8<*H9
MARQ8A=QZDYSSFNV1UD170Y5@#Z@T`/KC-1U7Q9<^)K[3O#RZ((;.*%G:_$V
MXEP3P4.






MP'P2-IRO3D'O6DFG_9_!OATN1-*O\`:\3`7-NL+;2TA4&
$A1R
#/3'`Z`

-I)#C.%`R<#N:X/




F@#2LKZUU&U%Q8W

]<6;

M4


MB

MI$LZ!O*C$2M\O]TDLQR
GK5FB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`I7^JV&E1++J5[;VD;




M@
?G2I'YCA$W
%W

M.I#*#D\U'XMTQD\4:!J

P$4*^6Y.%`Y)(R6;)Z`8'4`[&\O;
M;3[5KB]N(K:W3&Z65PBKDX&22`.3BL70]+2;5KGQ`^LKJPN%
5HT:J(X(=Y)
M12I(8[NW4[0.U4O$=C;ZUXVT+3]0C6:S2XNO(D4
DDB[%7*GK@.QP:=X7L
MX-(\6^(=

^^0E
MB=S8]^G@8%6:**`BBB@`HHHH`****`L_4-:TS260:EJ-G9F0$H+B=8]V



@D



S'`4#DDD]!2QR)+&LD3*R



M8)J6M:H97A
RJTV]A@$-@%(TXYX`&!R2`0#L+R]MM/M6N+VXBMK=





I:



[L858LQ[DDD]A


X56`&

M5V@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KF?%7AS4O$$MDUAK0TY+5S(4

@X//4#'344`
-TGE@&S2#8I!##Y


7AJUTK


MW
0`



;?0Y
MSVJ?6M._M?1+[3Q)Y7VN!X/

:Q
&;K2[ZZU#5M6DU;49U6+SVA6%8XUYJBD



MJ761/GS+-;7RMG3:[-NW9_VL8QVZUAZGX2U^Z\13ZKIWBD66]!%'&=.2;RD&
M
A69N
D9.`




3R7
I=I9[B3[\TC'+
?3)Z#L`.
M3UI=-T4Z?K.K7_GB3^T9(WV;



M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`

M![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^
M_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_
M`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-
M%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?
MVQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;
M&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_0
M0N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]!
M[_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O
M\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S
M?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%
M`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQ
MJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I
M?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N
M_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_
M`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W
M^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?X
MT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!
M_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7
M_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]
M![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^
M_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_
M`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-
M%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?
MVQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;
M&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_0
M0N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]!
M[_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O
M\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S
M?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%
M`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQ
MJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I
M?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N
M_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_
M`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W
M^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?X
MT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!
M_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7
M_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]
M![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_`#?XT?VQJ7_00N_^
M_P`W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_`._S?XT?VQJ7_00N_P#O\W^-%%`!_;&I?]![_[_

 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_StockholdersEquityAndStockBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
V\MNVD`8AN%]I=Z#Y6V%



H=V(C_7`^3_VR[XSL
MS
R


MP;

?]_XOWNU^]7W
M.^_\D!

MC/]O&GQACA2(X+DB$Y$DB.%)(C@^3((3D*2(Y@3@E$36@D!I03`THJ`84
M50,*JP'%U8`:T1-:3(&E)D#2FRAA190XJL(476D)K2)$UI
@:4F2-*+)&
M%%DCBJP11=:((FM$D36BR!I19(THLD8466.*K#%%UI@B:TR1-:;(&E-DC2FR
MQA198XJL

MLJ8465.*KE%UI0B:TJ1-:7(FE)DS2BR9A19,XJL&476C)K1I$UH\B:463-

TILN8467.*K#E%UH(B:T&1M:#(6E!D

DL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W]H0#


MVZB:0LM)@Q7SG-



@F6D7K7M/U97DA\=?



MA_$E[U*:RJ+=N$U3*^93N;Y\HMRB:!;U?^1(MAR)Y!A%EF









MSGPSA[(_?7Y)XLZ3

M
I9IJ


&\N.`O_+76NJUYS5M$*!/WFLD7YD*M_2Q1/






##]9N73H72.&9W$LWR+*:!C
M!JC?NGPZ%


)P
M?;

M

&

M9%X55`M?'N=Z13(TH^

MB)`G093I&6.:'MWXX@`#LYXY
T;RD;.;3X@2.&

M_P```/__`P!02P










M?OO

E3-:FJU_(L1&=0&=L@]*B4A@

MABV`E!\MS^*!^:C^?(ZD'R)4JBK\*U*Q'\SKN1ZVF&#+GUP0F9K@4THP5W;
MTY(CI01L*W_:F%2GJOPK.K$A$)W3UL,49
B[MW=4N5_1B%V`:-3R/H;CGJH#
+0!/M1F;;%!?JE(_Z=2[#<-.0/3J[69@4&_@ZRY+R/P#
M]WW-0$H!Y@430+6JJO^!5FP*1.N4WD-RSAL'9+\_.W;U1,+F!+<!F*
]9
2

.XS\Q78BA&

#YF1UFOB

9P0TU



M+GAM;(Q6VX[:



KN2%:LR(._2'V/N.NE+=!OS@ZJ]]M1I3A\


[TH-[8[-


5





H.;(?'E@`]:M':9;86&76]_EO`29[U
MO`D$%T+HTX-Y_71_]9_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`86.);TX%```&


2YX;6R
F5V3JC@0AN^W:O\#
MQ?T1$'744D^-(HK?4OMQS2`J=00L8
8Y_WX[($H:UHX7
_KV0]-)7D(@@Y_?

SXIR37VG$-V




@ZZ!_?NR6E[U)R


?0-#Y#+\G?%#&4!H=0+JUTAK]=2!
M\@6][=ZA<0W$$Y.8#W.\AI8F&+!Q
(


M*4F8)#$CB3E)62QJ!*:WM7Y+EF*0L1:T;42@K0BT$X'V(I!-0)P7]7HO
M
IGS8BZ4O0BSA
;W_40$
D2@J0ADBD`S$6@N`EDBT*(&TKMX/A*!5B+06@3:
MB$!;$6@G`NU%()N`.(^VZCW*9
ZCN8`\BJ=


M2K&M
G`9(NON:B%4Z[X&JEPI=AU4NE*XP7WC!Q=/
2P
#[.EIP6H'#5OG$
P




MV!MKI(^U/KRKK^H+M@W$=.5Q`&S.7)V3MW;BDQ\FTL4[PJG4!MM(B?-]G/Q'

H+7ZP$SQV\$;_`0``__\#`%!+`P04


M
YX;6R,5U&/FS@0?J]T_P'QWH!$#9*4A6JO:O4DTY5VWLFQ$FL!8QL9[/]


M8^(Z4N7U(2]Y3;?N;RK=3[L_/FRN7+S(

!BSTJF?ANGKE,5ZZ^GFHM\7T+<;R3*
MBYMO\S!R7[%<



M#SA3-KDN-K(.(86%-G[65K




!-U-
M-DN

M:^BXYLMEOL62R1[[U(6%?:5%S8KT[BY+IMNL
3^^S7-MMV7.8@MD]UJ1S)-
M]MR13(C]W$8C-^%



`4$L#!!0`!@`(
5?0+KTX-;162%J7O3+

!Q9;53/WN27VOJ99?#RT7Y;8&O]](4E87[O[A


M0@)0

M-$`)3FC05E-#&H[[


#07V#=KIA(HB(45`1!O
=\V07A0ACQT.^&ZWV\

@OWM0:\8
M4)B5.`G#V(I:


`Z\X\X

D))'5_/6$












M8Q=
GTX^'3[?_O7M9?[XLWNX__+U1?J[%KWE[O&;;$G^_\G#?30(Y+/?_N?X
?93E3/]_1N[4[8]
M'OUA/]9O[([M]++\\1KSYLZJB/#'HQ/]\9KS5B_E#)/$R!^O
6_?'2MX)3-V
M?N

MQOS&
:[:/H_^L#EO/P-6;9=7_UF75VV71W_8W7F[6%7;Y;5_=G1J]NC4
F?E





^D825N\
6&20?%ZY$TR*C(M

<S;21Z/B$G%*O\QOJ^ISH1X2?20&2`R1&$Q1F*Q!2)&1)S)!9(
M+)%8(;%&8H/$%HD=$GLDC&&$S3.LG@FXYXQWP^X9EL\$['
WQ.X9EL^P?8;U
M

M`E#UVEFM]#700`
--=!(`XTUT0`R;7C_&8:J9!IIKH(4&6FJ@E09::Z-
M!MIJH)T&VFL@8U14746%)*Z5':M


MLMJG0EK[5
AKGPJ)[5

0*Z&

M5%U%I7)FU*N5':M
:FPA%=+8SPIY[(EE0B+[5
ADGU*I;%0N&Y7
)F1SY=J=



MR_71R[DJ'S=DJKS;T'0;6FY#VVWHV(;





Q5
[QFO^XS7?\;K

XT7F\:KSN-UY_&

6.F-$

M8HS$!(DI$C


5L*)XU2J.PTBBTE)]
M\SXKQ)2?2W..0DWY237G*.0TCN-0D^C\%-^F



P5)[
PCD*1^7I+9RC
ML-0H-)52CMN24LZ
U30X?/*5/'HL1::2VR_12O'C*K(5O%IU+XDG4



M3:BKX]$IEVLQES\X


MUN790U2^_
7FK*=%G]]:ZAQM=\\5GDI)YT^G



&1DQ
F9D


OZ5*.LR7=_6%X*7K=

S)@9
C(B)$Q
M(Q-&IHS

B51U-DJK.3$/!*)24+]!Y6PHI


2_*R1?SZ!D2H?5Y_&R)W/J\

M'[I

P8F3.R8&3)R(J1-2
;1K:
[!C9
R+E

PDU9I'..M;/@-+=



E;OBXAQ;
M*\)G5*GKO#F%KU+7
4?J.C
*8:6N%^7DZWKTE(Q

M4DP5-!@I,E(BY$V(QU&NHST&.DS,F!DF#VWHB2W%IC!^OQOZ76OYRK)B/O
M+=?7\):Q\Y;*V57U)O=_WE8FO.]31F:
S!E9
+)D9
7(FI$-(UM&=HSL&9%)



=1KJ
]!CI
S)@9
C(B)$Q(Q-&IHS





M1E:
K!G9
+)E9

H!#4*0XU4:-PU@D-0I+C4)3H_TKOT


F;7CDY

D%YRA.
M%S*YX!Q[PBCJ+?\

G+L&:1H7^PYI(BQ)XTBQIXSBACW)*$QQCU+


Y1

M3!F9
3)G9
'(




OJ=N/-[O`22O4Z7_L[=A

M3N5:?LI?\G):G--FI

&1DQ



4LLKBG7

G5
[C9^]D

[!F16H\62:UGIJ%@%
9*

M1MJ
=!CI
M)C
MI
_(@)$A(R-&QHQ
&)DR





3_]I
-)DI

F1DQ
B8D0DC4T9FC

MCG

%I

MC/08Z3
R8&3(R(B1
2
31J:
S!B9
[)@9

M'TU#D:
<H!)5BSCD*1:68<XY4BGFG*/05(HYYRA$E6*..5+
F2D6


&ULC%7;;J
P


M\Z?-D8MG65.J$#!T

&

?('3K,
M_C^/XMK%9E
[HDBVXW@1P33`3%E3_2L^6M@UBF$'E0RU\X[[348
$NPOFS]




&UL



K.FD_29*&-.[K5L/4-1('=!?&A[[^[S^3E[:NI9D?[_P3

MX#

<K^
MII<90_'#+SM

TF
M(=/J6O99C3ZGY.LPA0W8A=&HR

M$
P/2I_KKH5!`.$I2._WU^`1G$?^
MR,_\UUY+QJL)M#K].RSM<GJ

GZL@OE-`?[Y:KFOV
MC)^05T%!&G`2..%*
B7.$#DLNYCED0R
96`B`U
9F
G`7`86

B*


*D9L
MSY5Z.GW&R$PTXMIM6S(R%^L=IV-*
;\0Z]T.S$=U[5M6ZKVVW:G6K\1Z2&M'

%&2L
M(!

SI\S

K1V'E6?2
M%&Q%.]*YTC[IN#PV)\<UO6D.`R'FMIQ$0J=IJA:6T98]_\3@QZ/54ER6EX:




M/.P&MK4GC#]6XJQME1?&:?-+@O`82@9QQR`^T!S][LJ-`QR$KT=Q)*
AD[S@

Y

MI!(3#?PB%QOT
]6-D1?.991]J/D]/YQ;6^
7WN4GK#H_4
#@)S'^P



M3GS]YHESZSUA-:^(



5*5EU;$@K31!.:BR!7QQH)R[1
MFNHCX1K
-BWC.--#7D_HRFN+K'UPU7XAE:<

M3E\XW7ZC+8%J0Y]4!S:


M)(MFF4
YUK
HSIP\R[$^3^)P*+I%!=D1*@/Z.@$*-4F31R07+CR0QHB%S.
ML9RAR#G
Y5A&*(J&
EB8Z9N82G4QG7.8&\]48Z9H;B=1&-4D
9W%H2V78QEJ
M^1_(S(*\=%NMVG#0;:=*N3$9NB1TU&*L1N[[H!RK0W.L\JF1.+R&+F1J]8IL



L@6'8RWUPJGEVT^Z.EPPTSESJ[S%9YF[LTI+$.6ALB]PY8!A?`2

MFNQ@:SC)X&IR
W7-@V2=G@8;)F&(ZH\'^'5$8

7'_#NTWM=.6^\[4K1[%VR]EV'



M$.=S6?`OHKC7O.DQ2



O:@)_M


MD$T

$A!D@82T[ET@/C0T
MHG:=B(EQ)CZ+;`JF/]B
0S
(P/HM$)!6F\`X

:':`HM:ACZD1D@P3M#(34!V%XI79C
[F16O09AB$_CV(3#\
MC'TD.L04P6?_E=FD$-'$:H`&Z0%$+)YQ0/'3@-#W/^J#%*KY$A#4+U

K
.6


`%#J3X3
)&
JY8S
@F0&5NDIF8IBS*+`8IL9@`C8CB\=DXPIF\-Y

MHDD65-
N
=4@7`L2QT$\)M%-F(HG8XR
XFJPH

4*WI(A
M&[
@#1



M(Z!-S[_?



M2[%KCVM_.I_
XG#*^
SW7D33/A?J6M_+WYI6EO^AB.E0&(3K(!%@ZGD^X8L9

AMKM1/2K[VH8`!





M'+GLADU2QFQ2+=(I#:?AW






M



+E\JZS


M`P04``8`````$`A1:SPH

MWT_O


M!E]WI^WOD?R:8@U`_V




IE\8HKMM[VX

M;-TE&@)@+%[($!;70'12(`$)
:`4FVB#]WQX1

M4`9-8F*[B[D[RL@/JI`N943Q.'7::\N`EV!*,N!(-219FGFZ)B[LXQ,(V65
M0R^$Y4NHK79\FD^)8'C$8/@X3R9^XR[F[BA)IRI9X?.'X;75#@_INVU`$,;/
M8^).X]Q-U_%4'2L^@9OW0?[&O%#@O'.'`842(AHZ_F+P1V9@I_K8`GYP^+]



M:&5E='


M/#M@@E6

=(J
M2R)(@Q7HES7MY(&-%1^A8UB\[+J;@K


M@^^_$KJM%70[UBX%;R`2_#J
ZA&`S/&;^=_34M49I-9//=/XB1LR%2/5+M

)VVR6(2

M07-C8@@
M]()@


5W]!0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`



L'-R^N]WS/!E0J%[
MDX3A9?QX9O!

MP7;F3R;




5=J-BYYWYB6PBXIG6?EL'Z$?*[F+P
M8T
MDIN0//\7142MWCFAC1
'


GM+?6&\0V
M:43/*()7HQ-177%X5#B.+HFF5K)[/Q;@=LP0SS&S8W?
ZJ[.[/1^ZFT]HR2L


ME54GI$'8.4!$U
PA+BHB5&`4B;-V;+=;1(NCZJ;]V=.^.





M


Z%Z+%L`\E##H&(L:PN-OM-P
MLPGD2H@^K:





M^%POQZB]`#9P`9@I&HP+

MF


&W__W]_G;SU_YT/AP_'G/.;3YWL_]X.CX?/GX^YA9S_X_[
MW

+Z^/N4+YME3)%QRW
ME+OYL3]?_(.(S=T\_3I?CN\K3EA*IG$#9/09YC$<6Z=8K[\A1R%






[
MOZC[?0JA6@R4S^M,G1G18O
#5-HFH)OBU3:)MQQ2ZIM`SA;XI#%B(K+*^
M+D


MP=PVDRS0U(:
%L\@


LT(+M,PK;)`ZRS0)@NTS0)Y7B:J%D



(#&6
M1#FX

M/(Q@&WEUF47NP$*P9ZZ[3[
UW0-(L[7XVK*U
3JO22C-UDRPX1HL)!JNR02'
M^PDAK28X)`VXDA'4AT(=&#1!\2`T@



MTL-('R
#C`PQ






A3

-+'R``C0XR

#(.$3EJI(L'
MXJJ`4483G&:*D1E&YAA98&2)D15&UAC98&2+$?([VR*Q-
GOF*FG
OK!7DS9
MB7.ZG

FF0CC(5TIB4$LA'-162F)0!R-=



+H52?\VPB=E\#!S45PD&^4A(MVU((![65DAC4P4@7(SV
]#$RP
@0(R.
MC$
D/&@4:!J&??R?X#Q3C
PP



M&HGE26:7C-Q5Q7)LHKH&F=

M4

3+`R!`C(XR
0R0\KI?H

ME
2@#D:Z&.EAI(^1`4:&&!EA9(R14:F&)EA9(Z1!4:6&%EA9(V1#4:V&&G
VJ8GW
M#)#W(U+=EAJVU+0EWY9:MM2VI8XM=6VI9TM]6QK8TM61K8TMJ6)+4UM:69+

3!U*'


MZME2WY8&MC2TI9$MC6UI8DM36YK9TMR6%K:TM*65+:UM:6-+6UNB
K1V))6A
MK8G7*`5=4;##91G*UR+)MWZ\[T\_]_7]V]OYYNGXZX

$%``&``@````A`';7
'YT^/W+Q_.5\OV







O7YY^=E\=/P\?O!SK=U%!)$_SY_/Q7@O8^
M)2%*OGRV\<FF+Z<?3I\OO_[V]O\^6?W\/CEZQNU]W%[#\_?:$OT_V=/CTDG


)'`$=Z_$T




M
)6!F0S
96`A`TL96
G`6@8V

)3FER($^)


M
NV%D$R-(2038PC)Q!A,BV&D$R*(00KT91(4?0%4R)%B6`I&JQ%4R)&N:$2
M,4;5Z+HX,)@2/1*5#Q\%CZ!KUE./.%[9T2R&O2+YN.`5,M0@:8
M&2@+0
=

7J/-=!$`TU+H:MB6\U*H=LB--=`PVT
M+(&J\II[I8'6&FA3`L6RNVXUT*X$JDH'WY=HH&-*:5$NYBZBLHZ?Z%+52NR
M5J8(0&4R`52F'4!E@@)4IC)`9=(#5*;'(A7)

]G1K(33:)Q\71GL9:
A`4P9:
M

\11E+@
+

364=45!B6FBRWBDH<5)-
RH_@+XQ_='#T=__@J-PD7QCT9:,A`
M4P9:,M6@8X
=&6@)P-]&1C(P%`&1FG@9-R3@8D

\V
QE




M.*7+`6]*#Q)]2`P@
83$B(ED$!'3M#%_YCV*22FD)A!8@Z)!226D%A!8@V)
M#22VD-A!8@\)8S"Q6,:N`K6D[&\G8C@R5FK
;\5;#J#):=P;HS6'@&*\]8
MZ?F/O08`D:K$&#16BP@V6H0GJL.`/].KNJ3_P?=PD[/BN$%=3Z&0+S#!




UA_!@O0!!58\(5D.5N9
1SC
M\LE#+!Y*UC

##$R
MPL@8(Q.

+#&RPL@:(QN



M#EQ'H4`R#EPGU^#Q](EK6O(
7$(A0/(

M1KRMT+$()W5MQ)O4PT@?(P.
##$RPL@8(Q.

+#&RPL@:(QN



MUAC98&2+D1U&]A@A


-+'R``C0XR

#+&
MR`0C4XS

#+'R`(C2XRL
++&R`8C6XSL

M


3+#R!PCXPL,;+R!HC&XQL
B-3`9O2R%!<AA<1Z%*FL7@.@I=DK'@



WRX0K?E)+5MQ*N^CD5R
X%;ZF5)Z3%4


[G*O#V4;I#A.KGP_'444B13

0*-T.

MJV

MAY$]1LA

M07\=A2J-0I9&H4NC$*91*-

@*(VN










L/(',+CPQLL+(&B
;C&PQLL/('B-D
M0*D.`RU`!H095F*H#NLPQ+`60PPK


:S'$L!Y##&LRQ+`N0PQK
\2P
M/D

:S3$L#)#C$*=9$!4(?S:E%'HDPP(UPDKM&A`R5K

M&!EC9(*1*49F&)EC9(&1)496&%EC9(.1+49V&-ECA







ZS/$
/R##%31;LKY&D4^C0*



D0P[H

:S-$#-2'-=8P4P4S%3!*.1)!H3[



-('R
#C`PQ
M


M#$DG`;?)%WG)I^WC`G)\9B^120&I)H_U)3+%^S+#R!PCXPL,;+R!HC&XQL
M


D*G`%B!3P4RN+F]+DJG@.KG@_'44$B13P=M2J))
!==1Z))
M!==1*)-



M


Z%N&DKHUXDWH8Z6-D@)$A
M1D88&6-D@I$I1F88F6-D@9$E1E8866-D@Y$M1G88V6.$S`0*A\P$

+MNRR*<U+81;U+'(IS4M1%O4B]#TF.@Z_BXY%=(^KC.`-#C(P*

YH^





Y!^XCD*.Y!^XSEC!3!2
0IWD'WA_




7NA%%'SX

MH8X;ZKJAGAOJNZ&!&QJZH9$;&KNAB1N:NJ&9&YJ[H84;6KJAE1M:NZ&-&]JZ
MH9T;VKLADG;:)ZBYN2%)VFZLI







X$H;O!YAW
M

M53])D17I]H]?Q\/D9W5N]O7I;LIFSG12G7;UX_[T?#?]S[^3;ZOII+EL3X_;

M_



^YN+CLZC'D]7\^YI_O;QSV/


MQ%5.?-Y-==V=N:L%6RR_X(6WUW:%?RHO;C!COO
5'TOE@W]J'XO9:K'PEZO@

V@G

C


V&85(G])KH.P:*+\&
YU1R9;0WHQ3+6A_ZT56<FR,6A-UJE\%++73$&41U+#?%.&DGD.YM^



M[IY([0YB^;&#8')+3L0B2_9&418E0HQ$&(DQDF`DQ4BF$
_QVW'AS`*RAN0#


M@61'N)
9)@).T04?%;DA4]ZZY^W*1)?G.
%!@IK8BIDCC24)7\17?89?+(

M\!02+[%+


M2(Z1`B.E%3'5(N6)P=P:*5/PYU#
]6GCPAI$B)$((S%&$H4HM5QGP6?7B%JP
MQQEN*\=(@9'2BIAJ\9%LG5OB^F!ND3/BQI6495:$&(DP$F


M)@-V)\-MY1@I
%):$5
M4*YPQ\H5C-RR-XJRJ@6/^!'V$F
D48A4*W#]H#U(
MF??9%/O)
))CI
!(:45

08212B
MIM9JZ3M
K(!D:F%'&49RC!08*:V(J18H8'AC!0Q&QB*LJHE'5F0'N)
9(H

MG



1
M1F*
^TTF6.^8S^G4-1UH4.ERPEQ@C

GR6)V?J[`Z')K)KGX[

M_M1



\LEO;E[Y2UZH5(Q
MT64X]`*


G!@VHXDK3)\

9D#V`OQ;*!/I0G!9O]B]Z
]






MSM[L)O;#^/7



M;KY

I43W[5LPT#PPI&WW?
9ZN-\PY925MHCQ`T=0=Q
M2L13PO


25XR-U^'T1$.M


MEBXWZ'U/_(

R%4





Z;8!-`


M





M:'UW//H5(=3Z();A

MT6IJA2&C5+QB[**1N4/RADB^F=:


KPD-(83H:I-J+RK


&5R1U#DR$;.(=B)4K
D31BS&S)P/7&%D



81[42H6#[+%)-E4]=:HT@9+1A;$N84#&;ER7X*5.Q



M``#__P




MKPNQ+^MCYO_S]\O3TO?:+J_W^5G4//-_\M;_LOWUE\U5-*_MB?/.`P]UF_FG
MKKNL@Z`M3KS*VX6X\!KN'$13Y1U
O;Y:D0U05<[
ISV?U4


M6DT*EDP9$*

F3^=*QH%

Z&C&@H\9B8?2F2DS!6^U@5/Y4]401
W*AKAEK\S3
MVHSJJZ






&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#8U+GAM;)2878^J.!C'[S?9[TX'[$(.!KU9.0].9ML-GMVKQ&KD@%J@!GG



MEPUS4N$\:2#_^I)=Z]Y;D3[CKDBJ]X_K2TJ**[@X9'G6_&R=ZEJ1KN-S2:KD
MD$/=7\A*TMYW^T-R7V1I16IR:F;@SF)RC6OC)4!GG:;8P854-FUI^V^AM:

J.W[



%KQX[5G$`0=UMH]
M5KN-N$K4Q*^D@B41*@D(B413Q&<LLZDLK1UJ\.*'41#ECT7E&70LMW05XNY


@'K
1!4?P6VSI*ZP*/8=-26O&O'4B*]&@@YA
MFSQ:#DFL=I/I$;B2817F1Z_Y?T`L5.Y\-02UMB^H_J*;(0L:=*X'.28ULJ6
M&*]C)H;)5R





[9[8(+S/VE0%*KB+-=S^6?0H`(^NS!W7HT&EKB%
M1O8.:);Z6$\HBA1--`:#@@DPH15&]@Y@`@,&10BSBL@P,WW!0J?5$A-I+.TZ
ME:T#AGMJL3PHLB0$!1,2(E]&QM9=!MW*E;T#F,A((HL
B8`+/68-J,R-8!
MQ,J`0)$%`@43(`B\'HI:2E4\P!C;6`TJO%A5.WV5HFV0(AT.*

M2J.R$J&3CDMT(FF)=Z(N-^B4NJ=$AF

M
GBWV*RT(;%)])P`;8_$-'\BN]^O$JK&)]X0V20ZD6ZY797&O#8RWT-P@I&\
M6*75:)$FNRW1[;8#&?/9R'P%J8=CUYH2##0NT5.BF^V@2.B74//N;29/1.;F

M]_D














MS%EC









MOD?


/HO8ZB@:*)HH6BC:*#HIL5<DB<%^*]+')^
MK_51#%`
48Q0C%%
4$Q1S%#


MAL-G.'V&XV=R\N=$RW#Z#


9.E?AZ!G.GN'P&4Z?X?B9G/PYT3*</L/Q
M
_CQ\OAQ<+I<GBTVNGG-P7G:EPM1KY^CJ*!


Y\]P



YP\P]$SG#V3A



Y'=%?'4CC$?)[AX82&YP23^S[ZBW4R09V
MJ\XO

&=IS
M'44VY1
#N(X_G7;7C^:SG75]=R9I$

M

F0R8C)F
F$R93)C

M*R9K)ALF6R8[)M+WXT1ZLB9]GXTBD-+WN8XBDM+WN8XBE-+WN8XBEM+WN8XB

MLF


M+G.HI(RG`_KN-M^[PI12CEOAVNHXBEW+?#=13!E/MVN(XB
MFO(&+M?QA]-N^]$\/K?MGWWD31#/\[/;?N#
DZHERCO:QPF##:[29-)BTF;2
M8=)ETF/29S)@
F0R8C)F
F$R93)C

D;9]-


GZHERM?E$Y*\!52*/S+
MON^^P66:3%I
VDPZ3+I

ADQ&3
9
)DRF3&9
YDP63)9
5DS63#9



VDPZ3+I

ADQ&3
9
)DRF3&9
YDP63)9
5DS63#9
MMDQV3*3U8]SD._[8U!5&D4AI_;PM12:E]7
=12JE]7

F8R83)E
F
R9S)@LF2R8K)FLF


^NXX?QM_9YNGN2AF?.^^YUQ+E.3_J4GN
MX
UIZ0U+Y'Y$6=
B
L$L.U&MQ;O29M)ATF728])G
F`R9#)B
F8R83)E
F
R



M44](W/:C3\K




F(R9C)A

F(R93)A




EDQ63-9
-DRV3'1-C$I

1'@5

M8])G
F`R9#)B
F8R83)E

T?:ZCB*


F


J7A\[;\
MZ;0;?C1WZZSAGZ[HQ'.ZK$9_X]X%4OBS*\ZDP:3)I,6DS:3#I,NDUYTD&L
M?..;?;VZGP'.[]`!;V3(9
R82-O'
MJ$G;9U-7&$4BY9H.;TN12;FFPW44J91K.EQ'D4NYIL-U%,F4ML]U%-F4ML]U
M_.FTVWXT5\O7]N.Y7$[;=P:DM:)OQE?2]I$TN$J328M)FTF'29=)CTF?R8#)
MD,F(R9C)A,F4R8S)G,FR9+)BLF:R8;)ELF.B?1]#)+T?39UA5$D4OH^;TN1

M?C2_R]?VX_E?3MMWIMG4BCA+K
ZDP:3)I
6DS:3#I
NDQZ3/9
!DR&3$9
QD
MPF3*9
9DSF3!9
EDQ63-9
-DRV3'1-H^9DW:/AM%(.4J#]=11%*N\G`=12CE



.DRZ3'I
^DP&
M3(9
.EJ0=W\DWV
ME]?9-6U9T\M=TY<UH]PU8UDSR5M3^]JQ9RMU






M

M.[X^CO_]5_AE

F(1CN?'

M\



H'D3D
M74T^@]+/H.PS*/\



M10Q%`D4*109%#D4!1:D32M_SL@B]YNI
Y_ABF@.VH\X=/8'$L6VR:VQRAEB+



8DPB3%)
$DQR3#)
2DP*;5$


28))BDF&
M28Y)@4FI)6HV\+I2)QO:

8DP23%)

DQR3`I




:
:%





M6J+F`CL;=

8D
MP23%)

DQZ3`I-02M?OOE.M?CG26=+*@T3:[A=QKOW+ODM@!E]('%_&N2%S
MUD,!01:[-=Y#(=ZB)
8DP23%)


*#)9`V
M(?K$=!U:IQX(U%?!IU0XH
BL(\(DQB3!)
4DPR3'I


M;TQX4FD3`Y8T?1PEP3$),(DQB3!),4DPR3'I,DU!(U)TBQDE:HK*&BI4
&

M23')

DQ*3`I)1%[;%K=\ZV2#NS\

M!\#
I6-8IRWS/F7`+%*IBQF[/JC#51P&SI.'
R]4X5X?#;NVJ(K`?4Y;FR




46A4)R4$_[B*5-A=PQ1%'3`)
M
8DDN3-+@!N:X%6DF&28Y)@4F)22B.%@/K%O0[J:J#0:`\6&GMS!5A%7,M`
MFFSQ,0DP3&))!''B6D;[$2OCG


@74$)-($GGR-:=XDNS/S&.
MD628I)ADF-28



`4$L#






MV!)!+R8D8?#Z)X$Y;40



M!&MK'3;&\.7.RDR[[6?&TNY[&Z-K:P;@TU;S:I#PILV(91!B$T1(V2*61&#
M2Q@A4\J*:,HPDF.DP$B)D0HC-48:+V)&WQ8O8]'WA8P9O7T5;SMV%#TA%$B(
M31$C9(I9$5-,&%3RHIHRC28Z3`2(F1BI&1\J0V!H.%_=';&+X?W%F;8:M%
M.AIVJUL7]-7*.I-L@I[R+G1*(
0FR)&R!2S(@:7
$*FE!71E&$DQTB!D1(C


S%GS?X)C!VYUY9P87=RJ*
M*(T0FR)&R!2S(D:8
$*FE!71E&$DQTB!D1(C%2.C9WC:C^)[:=@_AIBKO:UK



M$K(BQA(Q0J:8%=&4


4*FF!4QQ801
J6LB*8



5



MC)`I9D4T)8R0*65%-&48R3%28*3$2



82=XMZ37D3=\HZ;(H8H?!B5L3P$D;(E+(BFC*
Y!@I
M
%)BI-*(YX)N$F
7=)/P7-!G;9?F^4Y--VXM^95=%FPTY3T`V@T9I1TV18Q0

M*48LR*FF#!II05T91A)

MH_NLI[R)$T(YA-@4
4*FF!4QO(01
J6LB*8
(SE&HR4&*DP4F.D\2+F,=V
M68
3/MW

Y1@J
ME!BI&!E9S[5OL.'!L3=JQFVU=
X-7E^R&;&KWYDW?]MV
Z
J;FQ[7:FS9832

BIA1P@B94E9$4X:1

E1BJ-Z
Q'

-O
Z=*3MRU6T8HCY`5T10Q0J:8%=&4
M



L6LB`DFC)`I944T91C)
M
5)@I


M/B&428A-$2-DBED1@TP8(5/*BFC*
))CI
!(B9$*(S5&&B]BG@&$ODZ=^YWL
MG0_O&O)&[_1UV!0Q0BG&K(@I)HR0*65%-&48R3%28*3$2
7(R-F\]@TVPJ`9
M-&CJYJ--G7


O8B



Y!@I
%)B
MI

))CI
!(B9%*(]YK

U1AHO8IX'A


='5K^\%M

BFA)&R)2R(IHRC.08*3!2

4!HA*V
OLJ_G
M&2%3S(IH2A@A4\J*:



UMZI9[B/J9OI@_;
M[I58?#A]B






M'W^J)GY_^/'P^J]+H]=7C_

MU^^?KJ/T?9+MHB!
KJ]^/[V\E@^S]_KJ_L^7U_/C_VLH
$WI1D+3B/K7-!)D

MKQC$NW0^3YZ/F!F?^O?OO:#JBI=WJOXUQC!ZTTG=&V
P7S4Z+N5\PUL-\&)0


#-'$%;O?Q?0



M!%A*$%A+!018:A!82R

F`:!/2^.

MK*4`BPU*RE$8E6)#J1Z$5BT(09II
DVN=6!QH)$:?[UY3)3(U=R]!$62

TL58!Q9N:



MJQ`!4XT*:VIDI)613D9Z&1D0V1BZ1]_!B3E(DYYK-ZNDG4ZN:SOKQ.T'&H=@


!U#HMM4_]2(AP


M)DL3ZX
7;VJFI.\FC0/KMK1Z4S
U:2::;Z;H?7I#@#!W2@XM`=2]UFI&OG3/



M

MTLI()R.]C`PR
LK(Y$5H\FHXWQKLPUFG'=[9JF$8;_*ZF77RH+!Y%-@NA%BB
MPIHJ1


M&A76U
A(*R.=C/0R

M1(6-KT($3#4JK*F1D59&.AGI960PB

7H3F;M4&L:^[-4&[

]#(R&$3GGJH-=JNN



(B.73VTJP;FU%N8_(B
MI+NK/?:;W?VBTU7\JNJC[]P,X\L=$4CCB`J;1H$(F$I46%.%)AJ5%A3(R.M
MC'0RTLO(8!#H[I$];8\4((_L+WE


CK8QT
M++R&`0

8;/Q3C()2C
M;H0`5.)IMDA0B8:E184R
CK8QT
M++R&`0$[_J;?;3^)$24;:SE_H3)7+U

M1CH9Z65D

-6HL*9&1EH9Z62DEY'!(##2;VRVH


MC+0RTLE(+R.#C(PR
GD1.LPS5;K(K=(YFRT
X^WR3I5.-A6(0(@E*FR(%2)@
MJE%A38V

M

J[!DO$`%3B0IKJA`!4XT*:VID
MI)613D9Z&1D
HL.==U=;0]M(@2!POEM+@#0/V%\]LJIV\&`F=JMUN?7$[V`8
M;^9.M4XV%8A`?4J;'P5(FJ46%-C8RT

CK8QT



]#(R&$3''H7V
M3O41FY@G@7?+&MUT=*B-7HYR?9PIU

MWI$P%2CPIH:&6EEI).17D8&1YQV5MB1SS

(RJLJ4`$


)2IL:!4B8*I184V-C+0RTLE(+R

M.#@Q3I)T(A3@+L?IFLW946$87]Z(0`I'5-@4D3`5*+FBI$P%2CPIH:&6EE

(T655.



M`J8:%=;4R$@K(YV
]#(R&$1W^?D;+DMAQ4SO^LR9
2%66^/L#K\&PBQF^SM3

HK./


M5%A3A0B8:E184R
CK8QT

M


MZ$I4V.@J1
!4H\*:&AEI9:23D5Y&!H.8O-W[[Q';V'KHPARD63.%N-0MQ#E[




X\T;ZEZ0PE$V%8B`J41E

!4H\*:&AEI9:23D5Y&



-2JLJ9&15D8Z

-WFG



M6AGI9*27D0&1C2A'/
A^ELF+T

MI@(1

M[=#(0GR.
JF`A$PE:BP(5:(@*E&A34U

M-W.G[B:;D0@OA(5]B-7B(I1H4U-3+2RD@G([V

9

&A3W_!;8+
1P2PZ-[ZLQT6LO5W.RS$\X<[<I7;.GNG

M0;Q7@`X%D
TK@*^*XIM^5NO6UCNX2AU*OA1AIKZ\HM(I#($1765`IA(5
MUE0A`J8:%=;4R$@K(YV
]#(R(+(YSOLJ;HR3CO-
Q2UW*V[.KTL8QINS4W&3

T^KD\XM.+K
MXW.=9FN&U_6;(+B&


$YR?5X+-N#G1D-1O)ZS[]/L:O8ZOI02=D%
MO.OF(XHOB^1;3;6HCW_Y\_GIYH_=V^%Q__+I-KPO;F]V+P_[KX\OWS_=_N/O

UO!P^W?XX

MWS^^W&(-']ZNJ6/_[=OCPR[N'WX^[UZ.6

`M-__
W-P\_#<?_\OP@M35\K*:F2





'L%4=*:*=)6K
MJ
02
##R:0A@_$80ELMA1C-(S$4AJ[L19@F#I1M(8!(@?$1;B29&YZ.`7T
MO.W:6HOQ

`9D
!MVS:=(9&U$TUE'*2
M$&%W]A+4V46X%JC&TI(N\VE2%:(A8T`(Q31]W[;2-QA155TMAU\DPA6#;V
C
M7$SR2B
P:*$L



M8TT:PT@

MPI#0-&4=1&@C(:Z:J^T^)%





M*C&


2@&]J&*H1&386)(
M*-JREMM9D2&PG55U(G@S(R!9*H=3M_+`^




R):*A8X4
*@EU-:@)XMGV

M2BT3

2@DJ$?.OE9T
0(
Q!8]T/3B1D5?%B
MXR)<CVWV\,2#7(_E'MA(#(VRKFS49V<J(U/\HAPM7CI`M=B&WUM&+V<$2-!

MVBR:&%V326%@FP.QP7

5G=R%BD38+47O=Q$NQO;^
M1GN_'!\C
2C&WD]FB+V?3(BKYFKO;WSO7XKY:%
[RL30O#$S&H;8&0TAKJJK
M;_T;V_F7RUP-9#)B/(U$.2V9+B/Q


<9_


302(/](]&*B0&P#2:7C4B`/830

#J!
MFY!^23Z-0)@+4'-?



ZN:$F#
*
#4P^/Z
M2D=!?KV%\!C8SMYK9U=;P\2L4T($P

:P]CY=YK%0


M?6&B7#U8D8/$R[7
+L+UV%;?:ZM7^\+$X&CK:KFO.U$Y+FGP(9'(B]G+PR#7
MDIF]O-WL$?+VVP;?HZ]N9XO







8#Q7!TW*41`]HN
J#N(C/[C%`'W63X?RC2

5GN8N7@7

%J


3R&6$
M
.BAC;!\-PWGMZD5`1(=
4E`$F).-T]7
##^+M8S^XQ0E:SW%*Z3*K1DB
.Z

J'%*
)=!2?JR(]P091G^7D1\!@A*IFN)0K-

MIZTGZ=DZ4M5I9\8H!1VYU-/A
4('SP%64S$.XE

/?/=
MH_9HYKN
T)1\UYHQZ


MT^$Q0D=RU9







OY4GKD_APV1=C^$#

.-^)?C
M_G7Y2;\O^R/\#N/ROS_@%S9W\-M]Q7N`O^WWQ_R7]-.0ZV]V?OX_`0```/__
M`P!02P



M?RWN4HR

MP5
H+:F%I5X1TVA.\W:3K$@O#!
BJ:BQ9QCKCWHHA
/RJVD;RVGD3SBEK0
*'7.8_(B`#3=)(+R

M/X1*


O??;S6KJ[J^R





MHK]_J(Z;^MWM[S!R[C.H0Q#

-C`:`.3-R&%8$0\8J

-OG8FYVNL4





S:$U3W`2


9B[FZHZP%J@L]LCH@+/Q

M-#3\F6I&54V[J7:FENDGM:C
IRX'J9_#]K&8T=1E4'XN^[K9[

M5&\V=AERE%%3_


NH^+]@PMI)IXX

M
XC5(J
^N)W?


/CVEMSM-HVVS-0M=G

BT!)H46:QZH$X4YPLSN8C;GG<GK\IQS)$Q3V

!
.-GD@VI0;G59L4N*G.Q




M;RQ(MT40CL^JJHU-ZW.YE@9VW9GO;-CC*8-Z_,FR=`M3EQ`B.38H9^MY4F

&11M-2LSONC*F?)$E+






MD2.++4T








M[N3
Z
MG&G3XI;-P+RXD[.=\B'!R5D&R-0I2G!RYBBC;B4X.9
4G3QM7)Q&M!EZ]IEI
MTL&/B





X]EDA2M43L9IS%P-/;;`%V+H+PM[O9;^[&XSP@I
M4G*YS(XRJB:9[+)E:9'(8)9%D1ULT'CJ!!Y.@+J-6[$G/$)I;)XXLSJV!
M(40:.;)(FACB)F1L:UIT'_PV5OY\[




RPH\#'^M*R5

)7$._^P'
M:!FTMJHPA


3F+R$W_GV:#'4SF=_D]AE$`[.FVH+













MDOU8)`V.-')DD30QQ

M'%DD30QQI,C!2B49!)=




HH%!!`'95Z=<E
M%'5^-J+%@*?#NY\[SX)7Q_.CR+#ZQ`S1&G4K.A1


MPY103=!%Y4*710J4\9X05!'&*]..QD_(0-+XXZYX$MXJ]FC4NHT9(]L4HJ

JEH3;C@(*2P0*AB
MQ0N.8.D%9[Z$MLQ%WACSY;2P+/.RZH^]*K[MJ#,2.H+AE)S*J%%&EPU*US+
M_'81[IJET(-;ILEC

M6+`C\%


T

MDDJ]PN04(H7H()1^]$UE7R&4&KH(Y*J9LP#RD4$$`7E1(!UAH*!03(')5Z


6&&P'HI%)*#F230D%R()M42@302*&`




(8Q
ME/M\W)GL@$[+`9T42LVT]ITTR*1RG]#D%]9DHI_0
LT;;))*.SSOK''AZ!3
MV!)**(71P

MUZ9QT$@8ZC#DDD*+--!)&**!3@HMTD`J87Q*DY&(I*+!@!%?YJ;]\0TH)1M2
M4%XI8:C+H)1BS102ABB@5(*+=)`*6&\TF0S(J5H/V12W2D=_.@;R/PJ'5X2
M^ML,:.674V+[C/T-!J:=&-AH0)/-%\16XD%%V&%`K&SF^F
M+2JQ4^!6:
MH(H5[4L$*I8L4[!TK-TOB4WT)EOSU4Z809H1P!_IH9,26!9X(_44D-OU
)




M`0'442D10!V%`@+HHE*O*UF$2!=:!ZW+G=WQ=;I!JZ!+V(^\N'`H((`N2P!=
M%`H(H(M*O:YD8HN/_/0,DA]UH_PB*-1]O6[NYZTBL!VF4K/#3B.!3DD*

B)EX)N%&?))&#%.*;1(

85`JBD4B)`-BD4CUHJ


\G
M9$R





MFH846NPL#%/(T4MH!=53JU25C$*E#PZ#4^7,ZOG$W:!74=-!ZB@4$$`7
ME0I=%`H(H(M*O:YD!8HNO\B@55#Z@G.Z?.
N[L;PE9WHTX:\E9=D8NV9%F_]
MPJO



):


@E1`SZ[F*P<KH8=-G%H
\N
M!CV5



M96UE+W1H96UE



MM6)M85W?_-)UZ8+Q=
WP%
$H9UKKUUM7=G+Z!L#4

M+$6:]?Y&K9/1+(#LXS+M;K51K;OX`OWU)9E;G4ZGT4IEL40-R#[6E_`;U69]

AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;
M+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)B
MS0!O$ER8L4.^7!K2O)#T!4U4V_LPP9`1WJOGG__ZOE3].KYD^.'SXX?_G3\


0

QPK

GD!:+=FD$?IF7Z0RN

Q*A!\2YICQ.IXI')61'.*(%0U^$ZNP3
C!7/A%

9&R;

M45*&'=`X+&(_D%

MF8D27UXGW(G?P9Q-
#%5!DJZ4ZDC&O]=V684ZK;E\*YLM[UMV

\S210*:D`XD2+N&\:(9+:6L\]/[*GC8;^AQB*X?$:H^/[?Z'LZ.&SD9
M(U5@SK09HW5-X*S
UJ^D1$&WUV%6TT*=F5O-B&:*HL
B_[J&:<E
7*
MDB):#QL




M=G1=2R83XJNBLPLCVG;V-2VE?*:(&(3C(S1B
W&`P?TZ5$&?
95PXV$J@GZ!







+:6


MBP2H5^^VM;$=7'M7[0*WVR[10/D!@4E439S)=&5J!L[0;_T]_17]9?T#F2
MYV@XG


G
[0[SUR@26VZ

M-

MV:12

:C'*Q@P18UX;?A1/P(OO




Y?C2?#RV0196GJC;\


+L
#')J?.G@VN^[WDVU5[CSE`R+@


M]2X9/-M.$.FY`

EO:GK#D+3#(V\H7'YL5:#S6?CK]1?1B_Q^E;4_L
MW
M=_.R0K?YP+U7XO!*W$4D'L)6^O%ATNHD3V`NU45#Y44=[_EY_?KYL)G[NUE\

_]8


0YFQ(TD$\)\S


U.K!&`*IP2W&!/8$J9.


B3V
MA*L4B3&XRI&Y*T:N4B2XI#(D^

'?

5B7H:4PA2J90F2K


JJ



5KG\ZZ[@9$\W@A+(ZB=37#B$`Y5*HLHEKW-Q.N


SFF1.FS.#

MBVE*CY15R


]

HKV2H/O3?32

M``U\SK
[.R1R.9A;1REG?@Y

MD'73
`3










M2-3=FFG(HLG^E$*Y8



MT_\`I
C_%)_F#@WGKFV$P(+J7IA.%1&D89`30(WRRH(-;Z)9U3ELA5YK%`.7
M/:E.N!;*%C

\H8`DJ3'#RC
MV8+R:I3.F/+%CD?X3N3;_)$=$R[YA(K`7K3HET\8.=%FQ++1/B#B^8WI0-//

J/L7)*2?58J#!I=&N4?B;`!3D%F4MC5@K=%LE]^IF
MVVS7^INT5$S:`XJW]#-DC-2%3+=WHN1CZVF^//E3H/,B#J3\$^K9'
*T1+
MH0AK='
:(NLBTW^W3Z.?9C

+DDZ5/.
M6<'.[\L8?\A2:!9GJQ3B&P#K!0\PJ7%P2.)D3IR!E<9?+P4W]2?9LRJY/%6

\
.-2OT1O]-:D$CWJ

8Y8-/+ZUT5C)+!K3:
M;=4:'30)5'^#Z_`RS]4DHFSXFMUFX3LRA!+6E4)4'$`*46HC0\03I@TU*




MCY7[D6IUQ-0J'BOW(]6J
)G#%QXK]R.

M3.Y/


DGL*
MQD


!

M(35D$O
YW&WR

M&D3K'`@90L#BX/@:1KGI0I`8!G.
__!V6Q$M)'1/-*JP*&[]DX[_[F;YLLKZ


M)N.'^P\?9M/^L/_PW^#^S7J[?_\R&-]VGZ+H^7VOMU\\^1MO_VX3+';A/EQ%

W
R
J5B


*M55Y.PL:J:G1\R(\(.YN=EO
M!S?_YA]^O!QF'XMI.1B/OKVSN;YQ)RM&O7%_
#K_]LZ'DX
'3^]DY2P?]?/A

_&WC2=WGG]3#IY_,WO^<MR;7Q:C6<9(LOW1;#[R@Y'W@4CSZKG]SX<

MT_5L\YD]W&D__&X^XDM_V/ERP4#_]'HP*K+#67%9_G.[K:_:/X3OWQ?G@W(V


I]U!_;@



M.[[(IT69O9O/;*NS]Y=\]H=B.'SPPVC\B4^+O$0B]+/#LIQWE^6K/Q8=
H6^


M'_4*)HGT*;

QK.+8OII4!99.2EZ@[/!
LGA


].
MIJSQ8`+W7F5HJGZ'7_AD.H<5BA_!&F67[9ILD(RVW??KQLAL\;5XD8''-I?



M[4
B3'RD/'`L3.^A=7U?Z[HRT#ETK'@V'5]F@05`2-EI`1XNKD62X4M#KNW1




M`'2L]Z7

/#_L`B_2!
M_`'LKU*(T;1&&

MYM.`'6

_OC#5';Y^.P



7EPWGS_CIS4%WNY9-M1*NZ+]87NK#LPY+G!VS5:-L
0
47R






M^
(%ZA+!8X




R0*[1B


?4E8K:<

+7
M$$E-F4J

M

L'A_YV



M@VF)[$
RQ*R3R%:V`C%K)XB*B!I


5Z/@=UPGL[`P]2+T')

0&_BU




M8CKS4P`7@_


<0TT@6R/676]RT/'.O?P;6TD\%0#+`9%NJT_-M?_]5R.0BE
MB2QF.^D8!%96YZ1/-OY$@]!`^R9@C6@-8R&?/BN#O
QU*D.-`5X.YYB=^HH


8(3W`BE7&TY;6N_



$O<_\ERLW;]61R.5<7H)7JM/8B:!M__RP2G=B/#J<'X+0.#H$
M;0E_F-)UI`AKD`Y!.)7LB#&'TN:G?R;.:\&%Y$@XK'8.X)`H$.#W2-HDP@
MYBP$E-?*57@U'9S1)Z$-#P[QA44Y0+K1ULLVGY@5OI'=^X3@NL@^X4M4B`6E
-/QY.)`:8%O\!\9DNX0A^X]I</*=CA+$CP-
M1(:7:R]TY`].'A+[,D0\QA2K7F97U8:`!QLXL8T64[J_H5&!=9
B&MUQ@)K






M3

M$D!`JIJRK.WX06YH16YL(&98WXITW=EH
M:X3T)[IAYJ8XQAW/50#9)8V2T?



)NEW&L3[`K-7TK_E45L.9`Y_

M2N++8YI/\.O5Y[=N0I


`E*9=7<7;H/H4X\NE:R9ZF@`$'!<58%%S8:A

T(A2(
PJV*8A




M*_9YJJ*$\@L*J+;(-4B1[E[9AF
M0@=A*



5_TF(RI$@DSP@E0J,")

#XC+%T*IK81HSU;L,H;V-FB(KE@]*\K0J
5M?U7@E.`-M

898%:`:_WG-RH2^KAUX
V'
N/S8NQR%'

F$YNO+/8H'Z`]_]S-NDR_
97(S2S&YO:CM2?;MY+*<C
3V.(*

MB513A0`%J]@6$8







8-7W.&Y'EK'B6-DM
MOU(QPVBEWF[`]6:$;#*76XRVWIB\K:=S,U4X%CN@[=S7+60Q/*N35;BZY6U



?:*/WNQ_%EPRL!ISH))K)($U19.&Y2YW[YBL.N
MJZ68\*6I801E
*WB9WE9#IR*@4N5[VC3*7[



M;I$*J5EX/O!VJ*UFMHQU9]F`\L*TZ;R0ZRQ]K.?W[;!+](UJV)*'Q^DH2KZ)

MLQ$&-F






%13C.M]IJ:A_4A%W.D#=

MX*&)OM\-9IEC?=W(82R
VDD*^@.D8FJY=341NGZD/[SS.7.90;B[164C$1




041X8C#SL[8!KTI!9B7*R#YARAK32G
M)1

MU5J531X%/S*)D\4*+B$:YSV]HT\GB';T.=2I4XO!(&9X&*JOR&FS5$HO%2L0
M\=0#L;'9H7

S%RE=@-3[+#G+YYBVF)KBNFC

B!BZ=GS?<7!M3#NJC4+WI26




M&

'9#






(R]LT@][+@XC-]=Y/Q0G3

MF\V$


MET9@I

M78YIP-:I)]AQ-F-E0MP'&8F?;/`CS4`
'MM9.PH]FY+S.Z=Y9CI+PZJF`W$#







GR-*`M!M`!*
I<(-7E:M.TIYS$

_6C#*^$DU)ZJ4R3K0

MFJT+'#C[1/C.+M'N4^D3@R1-IHTTT(8





MU0X-=A(R`
)27-93')RX


6'PK9A2R'FH?BHJI_.'[YR[
83P8R

6*LAJT5$B'.[

H


MNB#R'C?!AJ0S=

E2AXSA$I6]O-Z)3OD^

MFYSRT11:7


MX

MJF*LAB8A(W#=SE37I&]_L-^IR]5^P\I4M7]\J0)H1;_]\PG3KDA?37;Q(L1Z


MO#U28B
]]
]S0B#R*B\?MY&LLV6;//AY9HN


MM!'N.:E?:]33C?2]ZO;Q:&UCN_/QGL
B=[YF8X(9*JRZP)2ZM[FQ]F2G\_T[





AINVZ3P='*/?K

DKC)\QIK.E5Y_S$F\-;
MV44$/;/


MZ3CX;YE:G82U9!E
/TJ--BYB/8=V52-!==30N;U]-M:?1A-Q/?OYIV;\JOWR
6EU3#9E7#;-B.\FU'#W;$7LK9
#:^-71!-+]
M@W#VSP3KJ3S[I'CP
03*


XOI!!QSY.9%NNQ+


M=N?G!*GP)#[V[!\0_`K1Z-K?N/N'XQ0Q&P;YN3/Z,YOI'LB@*IKLVF\$B6U
M\]$`NT&L$ZS?/(:4(RMI1%73B`KLZ&%B!HJ9.W1WA`(3:-A:YFW^)[4-RY!






BW/PC!GLYU.G)O/
)/22QCS@D49VM$9`B7@)UU
MAFEL$;(QI^

)UOI7P:=`]U?B3
[V=

Q-F)V0AKJW

M
GNQ_OUZ\O7;UWR)S@^;`K8EM*FDN;[R*
$N
9,L[!)LY2_;=T9OQ5`$F
MLL^P.5Y08X'<SO5=640EV;4-5\FNBMNX):1.@D]!/WZV)[*T&V5K8M00)-Y
M#$FA'[47E+[%Y=-DE(P9*2_56XI65YM;L*(C0P`D,!;L=.`$R%GQW2HI1G?
M?;2Q45W74EO?BNSJGIUA$@*5(C_VJ+AZ5Y6=@AZVML*J/%K?EOO6GHF_W(EK
M9T/&VM!#N9@Q]97:0-/PKZOT'D0@=JA6


TZ9P#
?3QB'^I&P=[.AP1

M4;M:-0K9$VOP;*JL19W:)P$N]&Q$;BTTV=LBAZOA+PM][TLWYQ3'ZIR[R!1@




MVWB%@)S+TF9B!D%DR30!\CRFCF90QYBO2^8/;QO`.T7M);%J-
[Q8$8$LN9F

M?/10@^IM$PG27Y%HI#+M@EF=JK-D'`










J_

MD^0.G**9?(=-

M4O^*


MG9&@


M]D





M-)D;J':M`A:J-$0JCZ9(X?CN;%K$K%^XG4G
FB16.QK[NQ&&5&YO;UX:O7

+WF6?]E9W)
'0K




UM65R4];A?GTIHN!+FTUJ[OZJ]M+FT\
M;I%C?V-]:?7AHWH9_8=<1[\2<UY$OVUI?5'K;JM_NK2H[7V$)MK;:;87*^_



O;<<'
M1WU-JL'Y!YEQ49WT#S+C(B-UNS/NUGMF-P)M:QOYFJCVUW)5H#+-M-I+UZ]

[R[^(A/)UNP3W/#2MDY'9Y=*I6:$YE(E5OU)W9H5#YNA9!V3H@^


M062
AFKP]D@1J1F9(N



M9#U*/?%;HK?QVC9-[LA5$`;'6T_.E84NK=WT/OQXE]5E_M[SW;/MY]UE.]



M[@M$3RG-(QTAFRY'/TOR9GA,J?-(T;`1HH-,M6;[X:GW.4R=0K=+&DY.1(



2I2LLX&O)4P


<QT#Z?A8MKHIT
`GMSW=U5_^0#$*7AQ\)-=?]DG`%/_

M[_R^3[&Z!

0EVN@OM_N=+N@8\[!8E72
/F]:0O
OK


.264\@:CK/[BCRK75Y]N.\(K^G2^;:G#N`&8

$0W



%B1E078`BV0*5)U:
3L7W%:



LLE7-#OS



M!5N'
'Y4=E\+ML@]HP_O##IW)W[$U[_

R1W^BZQ0(#W0Z?
MUXA)819)9N)T_PV\OA%2N0FGNMLC



K`HX+J8)VEE`3RU=^OHEW
M?5*9G2ZB)\9D+7))O??[?**^@2U-5'!1C7#D*_EC]6;,/.@1:R.V#DEE-W
M?S;!?X,#9
D$SCD1#(5VQ)R'J8B1K
T]DCOAWZSA`86VZ7I3#5G\9X*C+PU





MHS-05%3B/RR:5


D7-F/RX?


0')Q?6J@/IK(6
M4NSS'/0AP..3GQ?PSM`SZK99KQE
=ZAQJ:&Z%M8GK36HODGR]I^LK`AHR

+J-24%`T*2++
Q)80
28LR^\L




!F_$LU]BXQ]NS[
M-.=B_9D]WV[PTTAO5=J(MH[U&KZ]_;W=EX=WGOP75)1SVATRY_M(1@[//;T

M]67N


MWZ!MJ+$+EQ

M(AI1W2RI%8^H-*




M(SL$T*]TW+&4B0@9PE`6L=TF8


7D5


M!(9C=\




M4OH/E9*`=P)W:QK.]O4GRB`


MA5;S;/_IR=E/_HQ^

9.BZL(`D'+&Q-0%A/6T?';9VQ:76QL9$Z`6
,CZD!JWKJ_`5&/$F-%$CB$C166\XD\UO\1MT$71BZ::@9R
M%!MNI(-=2.2:$U;^BO-AFGCH
+W@WDRV)B+*P]V3A#V+E)I\2@F$)FQ2RS;
M0$5%[*V8D!%%OXL.-)-$!J(:%4RU#O?6()%
F'-#%7;
`BX
/+B8XPWL%.*
M`-'`8
B]'!AN+#P22YSVGPO\T'+$6U43M:8H86^6-'+ZO7Z2C^];OK
O*^
J



M=#+3O)P(5B/\=/93-8@

M81E\DE36X*HC==C@A;#4$%WQ5B

MTJ(R_GF;


MR




HL
23:L^\+3%%J^^+S(1C4L7J=


M33\C_:

M.*%Y#.][@+D0$*+S)EO$0]+J-

3I

M8&X9E$N+PB:


M17

V9V5._HEP5(3Q=5VTT)/B
M%+3/F1P8:BY(R)GP
WJ25.(O$6
CIY+8%?J

\OUWW1L70U:M/M;.^.A+(&(

$!1Q-%(N


7V=P
M1VTL\-*)YUY@+M_V;DNF'B/)

M$4/7MQ];WR5]H![0*HK+FC:P81
-+=W;-1(U/W:_WT&27.C9LE(5P@KE-B


%

R/KD

9RQ'.NJ'JU



MIB?1^WE%^DZ]J6Y?]AG[6!7H3Y.9+8!4MT5ZS)XD@]***@M)`-++LZA@D)3
M+K0['B@.3HN5-GYG!&W34.8?WE0-J@62!]_EJKTUJS-&#3KQ:N3O;@YO=69


3(__2!$IN%2@';


C2OR$(Y*
S@
L/:DA!<*/*IPD(=X:4I/AE0DVU]*'H.IM_<$!\P-

Y+C+_D
MU9HJC[
J-5V1#N5







JO;)(B96_#@#')5/)W&Z=


M:8*).O
FEG:8GFT-8!H?6$-HV\RGY)/J42P$[ND+
J#X1FXGP4OI!#_%+TGW


M/R#/]QB*
B58CM%!()2%K9]V

\TOIFV32D9-;/18;=H
MII61\R$^AOMSSM@JX%\!ZO`IPQ
B<J?XXO;-X]'L4





M#T]5J.$4[:6C6GQ;F(0X+L='!WQY'+QB'0NDQ9!E8FR+4LJ7$EJ@F/0-3K94



<T2V1CD%3AMK)4E]HIW/_B,9M-I_+
M1\:_5BD8&(5/I/Y-46TA^,05B0VT%:%0T&IJ,KUP,)`'!Q:J=7595-&UW&6
MQ^P)H_(7EXQS2QH]\C)EKH5\%HE&46I3%GWJV
!90ANI'&[:1!!DR0NMUQAV



+CP8


C5ZS(8




M#
O+BY^Q\;;P1US=:6[U!P+RZI4G]&.OOQ




&B0#U*X4=
M*-'[0#_

M)/)*P]]!2^DPXVEBWS;\IDVE.ZGZ-TG*16]GCQK$+M./_NZ'WM6PVJG(@H4F




[?63EK^_






L3&=
MAOA









GJ

9'!IQ]4G3WK_`S?











_'@$9$?!``'C`-E




M/G6LK$]J[D.NLP)GGDP![E2_UMAK/BP8J&?[3(GNT-.31G(=FM72;+*Z@[0S
M
6UA0'8(':`


)U`%]
$
M8M&9/N+CH^.\:5X3C/Q6=5`UK.*/A;Z?U


`/[G[@N5CU45RR2



M'WMU

'0D6
MI.-N?.%$A7;S)%3*;^YNJC0@
!CM^N5/8IWK`YM7:FL\9/S+0\]S);!D;[
MP0RG3!C_W#J]^5[-!9+3(D]\$#H$]@\FD($$8@DK`X
%`?1$3/TD`!+!EA%%
[LJNL<N$[SV&ZI*H]QK6LK!SD81UF/2BN5RL.V/7D@DFV]
M$6K493)X8L(Y_1E0

0
:EJEA$QQT.=6
M)%D(:9%`LQ7_*O;#Q7IGI:1:+]
L7OW6LBB4J$R.$P*K4=;RM$

.H


M-Y+$QB


@=\.V2+

NEKJ-C`ENX4UGN.8/VHLB6ODRNHKQ0@B+^#-I
P1

N8L2A&PO./2K#VYAP+8.Y*^_W[-:31*
-:F':N'!1[4O)HOG
'`-BH
M9L\`-N&[!-P7RETL?-(S+0^`'^.76$SI68493`/.(W=O^#03F.:T%CG`4KRV



MJEO+D

ML4^)^2T6*Q92N99QVE/QZV*IHJ[J!#M\2*B79,E6$-1*2+/NA.(%VF^)C%

;\D

MR6K6.P1U?^C2D3AZF:L17935\^BJR!Z92#HS[7!.GK*_36.`Y;@7\09GT)=V

]WC(S$MYT]T5JZZUVJ[.OP)P\`]'@3*!6^+`D?/!GYP01




S[D1(]?-J;


X-ZWY%#
E+7R[EL(KAD3!1%#+I/.%\Z?.
MV04Y(;*F31N*9E$OI3;P25=
]

TQ\&SB:`-NIAZ
M5H@#]@%WR)R
(8=`OPJ[P@/?SL:-GRWB%KZ\L&N+\MP?1;[8.79TJY
J+('\


MC5B5@N



-
M


M=*M3A!;_W*(-MU74$`E*(N-PH

ME[52[:*AC'N`:B`MCA_

3C/M9TX*7'8)Z




;]




M%FT
#G?BCF:[1.];ZU-E/Y

MQ7)+GRNTH8-RO=E`


M%M^$5JAJ47S+#1KNL_X\1Z^H^MS\MFL)DU[R9YLPE2XR9CNJ2:D%67#3G&



4N6Q;)4`8]/-\:([%0]X;,9IU:5.<'OR6
MW5*^!(Q,KVX3OY3X/+&;^+8B/WH+VI?ZNK0V+6]8%2E#%=E'WS.+$^`#[?
MBFG%-7@FS5XKYSE
!_V*BSVEJ?*`(YWK9!(W2!K]

MY:M!&K.Z]H:D_%!)
















M=V@H%Y4+0D?5:_

$$HP^3.#`E+Q8M1U=R'JQ+K



96L0-[H+$G4JGID%_3013DL:3
B9$A$%Y<T6M/2WO(.A=V+_\R'MU;

]*S]P

G__D(7VR.6J?\;.%)*2.^BQW1A^[=Q








MS/&;0-E;W3P

MLC97#S?:_KK9@L8[APVXK.S%=(;BJ-L'S0UM[32V_KR08%G*-=&!LJPZD!V?



M^TU5#F
*8_8:NL'2P36-%G$SEL_7-&=9CYHID30]*1H0%EWVZ9@
M


M//4RF&;/@VE61]3
C9J_5/3_^L_OE+7M)E[]I]/);.T!(R)#TK6?YQ5#^=0-
MY:!)1DBF&BV
V(F
8@4K9[=%Z^#/VTU]LDWU
H


=K.O;;7]JBM/GY(<WW[_^\\E)Y]G)JY.7I^\Z;[X_?G567U8<





6CXAC6?=(S#+KL]Z;7?T^1$VRX7!$OA^J)23N@U*XW1!(4$QNOI'E]


MXS^QWRA.H[@XSQI/Q%8DKFK
%-.



M:`

I$;5VO@'B9JP738%?*`O9
27P+D$&3[**)


I
O%OQF'1IKLU+@@8=


B*3RS5EGI!DF-/ALPCBF%I-1%':8A;7DC:@86
20&9S,4ZTX@K$LD4
M<?#/I]VI`],T.VHRK)$84Z']F3(CL=?L8UJ\U$BJS@QXQVR*;MEC
?*!(CY



@X\:2LL
5;
M2E$H@K!K123
24A1%.A?W@W+R4_EDH''Y/6VX(Z(:H.@QNM2!41WH0=AAVE
M,\B;,AR,WW]0F/ND=$?OJ0@)5@6P@\L1TF&NL!%3T?
=4




M43Q4V7)]B5SXT%Z*0+9=
UWRF0-%Z0/7E_455T@2C/.:\@GYZ]YF2S9F
\GP

M-:ZW2`VK


YJ-W8MC\@,?^GO3%69R]+0?^ATZHW-0Q0)S9O@32T.E
MYX_KB-ZBY=Z2M&-5J]1-K_.4=(M**RF*KI18Y-+3E<UX=5V?]=S$=4LZJZM)
M`XX.Q-RR6MA/.P:GT'50CO<_UWRA$Q1:FB&$KJY*(VQDEEAF:9F%::V.](9

FZ4A-)ZKS@*MF(^X
)?C]N'ZVGA+FTV$7@4\OO4P&)^12?
`+HXM\
B
MR\@LDZW%=7A_-$UIK(O3XT+.-]7[^M

[




12&F)%O6


+)2E_VM1XRG



MNQJ:7@[&;L:\-^$L+ZQ_4BD5=B`RY+'9O?H!4G#WJAJ-C';4F-7L1IQV@2

5PI
MG;&0GV_DO3VV7-Y9V;3TF^=(/BHC1:5@@8VZ])XK9NEL3QXB/-8Y(0:E/8A
M7662_V1.9O352W-C!5TSJE]'-)VE$,BG-Q
[SUUHZ0@2VHE]2OH1%5]J\`7
M@C-5E$08PL^#PO6?SWQMK!G=/:G;1K9XO4'7O3.[ZF+F_2S$]F-&24BBZ7
M&.0/20LE7FK@(?+Q7*^+

JDW?QE

7;P_A:NS
MP'Q-5#V7^3+WV3@U\`WJB_%'L?\344PTHZBWJRKE4B@U1IGC&%)4$1-C_'


FKI]2Y^J+!A8?38X3I-$
81%!U7J2RC.<PV0O2JWG@^A:0XD(=6QC:UQ=R@LF&NMRHI-G04L]`


M6IU)%$6+2MM(
`V2VU/9`D3I1/ML]C6@Y\(NB8!HV`E0I0PGD

(]
MJVTXJ4B*NHH'+3LO+VD%6
4TX!YL1^F9UO

@F$JF^P
;INEBWZ)+ESCINK`L%@0%_
4[#+OK

DSAM9&/1KEQ?9CK7J




L).]E

WU*-`7C#61JU=;;44+Y=XZ41N/I6XC-_HRV51H





E))E`W9N+T(26SR2G0_`;

M$R-2SU.@J+6`R/Q:LJ;9@K1SBT28\B]&[+




^CRPX[QVOAOTU9Z0\(


B#V$
M36VL'-W(5TJ9Y6!SMPJ\R);53@=]MJPE`\4C-N_#D0P/I8P#%LH8;72R66I


N%`-4WA




`-L&7





)\UCO/@R+C
M7!0.5JQC0\71#\V6

.7#4




&



MFGXNMBJT4^4/ZV,RUVB)/+=]IAZR!9RM83%4Q[#&%F/$K$]-9E*J9\YZ&&

MG_=\@B`R87NN%0)(+R\)5AGQ\CS3/;)(U?^N_SX;$K64.%+6.FF;/(N
*RIK
M4HZ#LQCZ



M1?V/QG_=3!H)W
U

`879WLAV/9`/_UFUNL3;E?
M)GA@^



M%V








9Z_?W&KI(C@






M:01Z_35E+

'.R&3R'`AC05+)*;*I1ARA[$%P\?<!?]PU]]0TXS\B!
MAVM^(0A(4'=;ZJ0Z).R9).+^P0@:IS)3IR5=S''5BF48K%8T_`.=HXM






='
[8FJE'/+F]
M


4WH6@
M9ID
MF0)/#K
^_TB7?8C?RGO(3?I5RX'S9-.J412!_E&%VGN(_G#V+%H_=SZ
MVZLJVY3SC'0E_FJ6T)_.SE/2ZH%%CF[KXH-**JWZK%4I[DPN;AE&6=K'K#



M!Q&0X&G]P[UTD:L_UEP2]3K^-Q^^8.HC_

MU1#&

MQ*N\X_XL]O9WN
)#L




*Z/OV?



!0]W=E]N
M[6[L3&SX(;9.RJAQ;$R+V.+VXNC3D)%0B&


GL*X_II?IPH1:*G+1@

M!P3@BZ@F-8`L*=TM==;#^D7!$V?BJMTC



LG$PUA
@
MF*7M\


X&_M@

M5`&E8



GL:N.)1.@'!GQYMP`





M;QAXIX9'B(@]

VS?\8

M2%ZJ(/ZW?__?#H=O_-BODGGQMW__/\^LT8

3P-E5.!`\7%;R
M\&KT_@

W2W;`O!IHP6@)6--LOT]5H(:S/K[P(RNJRV3]_=C/K_/K7!6\6




06


J4##N8-JP]V0.@.S`)I@)_K`\)S;N%`YF.\1Z4B(

M$

M



M
736H#P7W-)
:N#.P9F`?_`'
*




M3A
Y\63CZT)V6*

MJ



RK.HXJLQE+4O!3EUG<&JHKDJB1[2+TKTL`4#<`-(0B29WCG#@T

M.P//#L0NG&MV:HHT*

O/

M_X6O4];?\*`R*%2Q_(S9ETQY4$.OHAYL@Y@B\:](3Q-,L$0INE_NV[=/LC


HU^[U97]E?+_^\#GBM#+IC)^DN\?(.SB(I7]@IW?Y7&


`R
`V:[O<M92<]'38#
M:.:&:#B!*2G(F^G-Q?&X#P7EAM@M9@#VA;A6+QDP2
UN%+*


MM!@H$&D
RY/KE`V;Q(@*$76T)BM#G8W89WP9*YS!7JV0%M/2:UJ=R=YHA/&
M6\B$?B?


MH22F^MW\D]!CTKS66#'CU[2]Z]HF'%OFI*IH!/#.5P1X6]2N1R85YPQ.+5BM


=WKH\O+R[.U6EA[I`'1*W.K3UR/JYMZE/R@U<6Y)TZ/

:?^
M3_;6:!CPF_G!_'^RMWMG-)9.(G
UHK[]))4.C8^0#+Z8&V:-R)@B$GGY7NDQ


L$*C266L
#<<W6SW!731CQCM&P?2UCOG']CI)MV1';G`J?BFT8/[ZC0=JM)H
M\=HH\W;/\G;$$+:HYKM66.7OMX$#8UKAWO!
Q./+STZ_]K$HHVC:SH4D:.M


E@2H:B[B0+)\4'7#R'+-#L1GR.?F3SK8^5?V_:2.HT(;ST.&R
YF5-





MJIGYT/ST!2ERQWF8
`X4,[<SDWKD:57Z_DPL:)ZQEQO3JG(HU
#GW-3'P

J4#,F-8<\*.2I`\U;^D%L:\?6W'U_:U7ZR+</6C[AXJF0;L'ZQMJ'-0(
ML%/89FZ$-/:TP:Q


MJ^2+_ZZOSPT+OU70X<:^2FN:J?^:V#
6-MK;+AU:L-,X-YMZ42V5G8E+(
M5:JBG_#G][/Y5

A731++BZA!%8<8T
]Z]
K2.#$</16(!@$TU7$#R+'A)

1U:S`7;H
MZQ
J

2'RH
M3IV1@'X#:4K6F#SM)

0U7W.KE88O/E9O4'BDYNJ^\DU-%5V]5A0K[X
MLMD]










ZK9FPL5X_4;N'BD([

-14-?DMF@=H]P*';I!3)FUD(N
0&=[]1C$VO;
M;#OJNHCT\QK3)VBI&#HHB`N`7=8

F/=1/V4AQE

M6OA2L6W_U.M5'_FMBF7I.OX)UN^PI9(HE







7T1+-L1OZ(AP-OQ3







ZF







M?^Z)IF:=G



MOE*'^
U!J`[S%M.VMZWO\&CA!J5A$9Z!\
5


P-\C42$1R+-]&NS
H\JM4%TS3[.=`KA3[W*LWU%





M;^IHV?QV*X1]A9G-[_+)3D^:WZT?'&PU^U!19+=`*L3*W*#Y](ZU2C4K$R6E
M)
7FDS/SO?FY06]U)23'97$]


M



]*M
M`?TWUIGJ=-@JQP`%FBO
#'J#Y?;MS\^W;IXG%Q=:EZ'*1+QD8'\1\P#()JS
MAS^1QN?F!K:BY@EO(FOR
EBK^E'B+;FSV;ZA/+[RRVPH[I@J#@$GH50#;:$




M++1)90D?\M*@)1EGE@?PP^76Y^
U-K-JCJC2H;$\@9W6X9;FYJ#V]L:6!KU^
M+'DHI



MM!'`AH@T;^O%U0VS


M:0]Q=?&3=AYB




M
51UR%C`]



1


Z#K-Z`

+CK)*


*([*R*N2606M9;.%]9P

MH[H7E(`1@U;IY
^.NF)

MGHZP3

RC/KLE55[`I:,?24%IE%#J@?NP)J4$\/0

MXA

::S7DC2N52'PW;%ZALTSYUNV1=9YX

%6K\D

UZ#@2(-$8%CNB*F


O90';<AE<=7MML;9


IY*!R)`LQ6







M6$68HWG


FB6R;5)&7'
M





M]XF_B^1EM.DL-BNOZS.AS
LG*:(\X'

M$/LX)FYIU^2)7U

MM?'#6NN';^H#$)MZRG+UGZ9UF.?UI1X\76O]T-AT]%`V+Z


MM*J#NDF^[1E(4?1OG=791T(Y`19TFABI#5-:
1)1:L]C*-FL%A+]&N+PK2A'


X/

M%(+2[B7


M@E_B!1?QXH:H*%NZ30Y_NKCZ*'*C:U';W%
'=AY;5M0YK=9I090$=ZSV;#Y;
M

MUBFBNQH8XF\BG^U'(9

M=$$U@[X!:@K55X;E0LHU(;J8\Y

MV%Q

M*@




9[0I2EB-1&B.2SIY_YT*TTT^4G1%9OF*FU[WS@NO.'W3X6\$C!@SZ@#5\
M\0U*'_`E1F'\S$?M7WP:GTJVA&C&+M--$$WE8J$[30SR7&'^.PE?]N%+^(CL
MJ5BP%SE%%


M(9N*Z4Z:YNV)=)2C^(.UAHU=1:E3
O;ZP3)$T^$ML2_+8




.TR(/'H0D?P.4G@HX4L=@32!6
&
(`4

K'KF$DO!X+_\
0B?4!(
$W*
MM^!.6[[L:-.BRL)#+-^M$/[W2!7$YC)_SHV;:SB&R+9^PA:CT`0E%NH\U<I
MI_Z4&#WKN*-?12]2+T^)L2(980^




M[.'+)\^^_O*?1I!T















M_ZUVY1(S'&JSR26ZN.CBXIL?:A\\JZ0

^


MP)G]=0']H5J:)SP4D@OG

^$

MT%N@--POO8,M*%F!O.(%@?3
MZ5WKO.)@R,W_?@.1TL*,Z27-<`V+1A)MW#Q/E'=10S4.9-Q.DXM?=F=L`69

M;N3^R?
3ZDXK64.CX3&W

M5'8U8!4
\P[@$






M&Y+MSMYID-




7]92


M



W%WNAJ@K=/J@_#F+BQI4<G+XR]/

S[5I\T_MF(F



YOH/V2&#W2'LWHL^J_?\&FAG_/'8!'O
MQ8#&\^R37$*K8V^(T`4</&19#1Z1\,T]*=^?.+HFCT\\R/Z.5.$+P(T_!VD
M'RFB4Z':MS\DGU\ZUE#J.GDZ*






M.76/.`Z03]+@GG/3Z


MI4BYQL8

HN^+5E$XIAF?A,1*:.<YF@WX%YNYWW;*<[U[5Y7$SZ](
M0)!WO_$M[7WO_H#7HH

N##!W
M!Y4EYE\(-$O
WX;/3YA=

MP:TA*'YW4]=19
GY4RXVQ(;J!?MCI#(R;)TD2ZUE
7*(/#7^'8LM6OD7:ZM/
MGH_.$/W$WBO2\Q=K+]*_7&

C
!X
M*I5*K
EZ


7O67.V5QA11`G9

N)IV*43^5H;1B?BV0GF$V!9)+V_)CSSRC-1_%[J!'VXJ.VV3OTH@_-

MUOEN00TL=
.5^=''?K^6]'3;7'[.[&P6'!X]B*9T;;OVNOG@=L3V`%T]5BUS
M$93J:YRS1(2=PJ3CU
1G-14%U'Q

MLV59D:`PD(%ZJN%E

R72L@SB
<M<505F!D/E@/YD%X+_^
M:K:T8+TC

M(&$X:LO]X:$#QR
+3[[;





ON8`?--=)BJ!09
PY

0F7`\J)3KH=M%EYS6!&]:#

MG!]72E$)JI;5%37YK0N
OD='_JGT(C+TAU

W



QTXT0@%-8T$:@?#\]L$
M?4,LV*W?;-D8W,0VE9-?_EE;[X04(DPA[]B4!1#LV-L6/`2A&X.AN^C$
M][CGX7W-\DU3S!;

'%]`Q#J(B5







\WVL;$@SH[D@PLRSM
M(0+L@!+A/8-A`F9:(G0';C4HYSJ[<,CM[M

M9
?UX4-V71^YP


RYX;6R
5EUOFS`4


7*WVH
M:\
8H2SL

G_;#




M(#-=-Y5`



,R=.#6E7COQ#KOP```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`+;4
MF?\#!@``I!4``!@```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
BYX;6R
6%V/FS@4

M_^%




MC


M(9PB\C4BBF9(`/%G$KU!0E/YS$*9S)ZU2'CA,H0DDSYTAO(%P829*WB'3;

M8PK(EP`61ERD
X`P@*;;8*M#@-GCQE!':$='*4DU5E&X;$5B3V5&LAYUKK



+^WV
MC1,+?3F9_^X]^4ZQ-ABT?B

!5:`&4
MPQWI0]E:#J)P
IPQQ!@.C

M&).


M=J;6U4R#
4GG0JQEDT8E%PPFTZ:BVWI9A\T*KS$;HX`$TN;N)H
3:(Z8_O
M02B/;1EE:QV5KHX:C&F

;/
M#,:0B%42KDB@%X.(F$HL@K*@(GJ;4;X63_?JE!D,Q@#I3-TIS@F2ZB'32=E
TFH-3H?!(`L1JMCIFIP`%(,#Y4X]J'3.F=B03=$IG_+PWDENTD
MEC:&Z<PE0BB@<8?$MF3RM61*1P,R@S$D.(]8XO#,40D:9K8&:?UV%9-CM?$

MJ;UL\+5^*IM;TZF(

B

H6E])%[=)0V=Y)7U@$5_-KO&A!]8&Y^


MJQY?V?##V%VG=Z&7;H1'L^G/
[R&5O``%.X`?.RZ\?9!O^/-[ZO/_P$``/__
M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.85WL


MFZ(]5



M5
-/'M3WZN+^^ZEIN_SY`L_]$29Y


N

8$L%'8
\HD/50HT1B\*E(!2P*2T4;%3+Q7:M)3Y%


M5)_!V.T6WB0L


0)OL`0@``+`D






EOTBK].GA5GP.8#Z!5I?7E,Y.9$K%FJ)OLB.&`8S&
M(Z5_H_S:PJ\!/3'$YEXDX?Q#QA8QX8T8R1(0DNR+)4SYQPZO*CR`@-+#$08
M6&%@C8$8`QL


MD;$U
G9&1F)D[(V


XM?S


$9HP1\0790AN?


M#?'8WLAVF

L5#I;Q1Y



*(X[U8SG
MST0UA\A[+YO)B!!+_H?(!Y7LMMU4Z@-V/`SU01EJ?81H3
X8I;
ZF-E0':J&

M%.ZT%DBG4VRF;
R4K9FR
U.2AL*?WVR\I.R%!MV




MV9HI.S
E
5/V9LKA+D6M`;J7)=6`F./9'A?\+^9OHN]'TD\0]]

M6FE4VDM!X4Z10#J=5H+G=8Z72*S92-F;(U4W9F2F*F[
V4PUV*FGNZ/?55


M3LK&K+(U4W9F2F*F[
V4PUV*FGZX?15PME&%PH?.C

M.A3IT$J'UCH4Z]!&A[8ZM-.A1(?V.G10(#5V=$=&BIWY(RG;PE%63[PK/X.C



MZW]\^OO?/OS:O_Y^^+[;O5VI%EX.'Z^_O[W]N+N]/3Q\WSW?'V[V/W8OZI6O






U]
IIX_O[[Z




Z'\9K.]+(?7G


HC%CJ8B@6&I;

`IYXIE!
MA\20*2+A9)J9EI@(LB1:4*&/$L7J7.HRTZG9;N8BWL1B\G.
U;_B'#
WCU5J

MVUYK2VCF)C`)#9$4(^W)+6D`BR12PEI@(LB0DL)94)#*1R$6B$(E2)HB




1:PE)H(L0FL)=6$[KHWG_LSS^I')K:1BT0A$N6X
$LACIT:?TN?PXZG:V/F\'JA+:P\0ZNP6
MMO;$`B9(BBL*09I@0*:TIE)).17$8*&2EEI`),=90V!@;(&1JH;F#H@R
MF1G3%P+MBNRHX-=7Y=72HJ[JL67QW/K-0%W

9#*2RT@A(^6`


(Q;B532$0


M;?^6[N5TX&0*8+QAH#(5
A36E,I+)2XCA8R4
E(!H1AK*&R
#1`RM5!8

Z0M[Y]8:7?`;KS7NN8F*@NQQ-_W[]\?LH
YNH;F$`B9(BBL*09

.+

I+)2XCA8R4`\(/9H5&*,0:AMB`X1
+136U`%Q\J6O^IW+

D506%

A$P)%-:4RD@F([F

M9&JAL*8.B#*9F=.7]T:9@RMK7?8;KS7N[H5*@^QQ-QXAU-DM%-84`B%3!(4U
MQ4#(E$!A3:F
9#*2RT@A(^6`T)7URG/*]Q5:H1AK*&R
#1`RM5!84P=$F8Q\

\:J^M(*X^LB[7B%49^W

M%#;&!@B96BBLJ0.B3&;&J)P8GY/LW8S?OR[68@;J8N;HAL9K#2ELMT.T2[%&
M4%A3#(1
136E,I()B.YC!0R4LI(!81BK*&P,39`R-184T=$&4R






6WE4TA$#)%4-A9CX&0*8'FE(9R60DEY%1DH9

I()B.YC!0R4@X(73#-


G2ETG/;61T^72\XW6^]K#V-33\




MX&EP6!J4UK+


M


6WE4TA$#)%

M:UCZ.P4XF3*:
3-3K/HNEA5=L1TO*^Z%]%1#.C@O6'AVB6@S$.-E12P%AXXI
10D;*`1D25UU$6WE;H0V*L+8LZ=`YUA:P[(
[$].=F.'F2A
+7?J

5
L6N)6]D4`J$AB:PDQX#(5,A36E

206%-

@6ZFZZ[C*VGGXFA@


MDFPLYZ#(1
136E,I()B.YC!0R4LI(!81BK*&P,39`R-184T=$&4R
\8J

@9$J@L*941C(9R66DD)%2
M1BH@%&

!N9BOCB57=D4`J$((RAL
MA#$0
B506%
J(YF







M2`J?.J6;ARX8OQQ]WGVY__G];;K_U=X]?OWV)OU]$11YV'^7FN3?HZ?'8!#(




^.%F7;H-TT2D@





S:

SB

SJ

SQ

MZ8GI_I;T`CZ0GCW
U30WM-R=C=KMDBREY5*%JF[R-5U%FFXB&C^)@LUL3$M
M)-I(=%QM[;K(NJH])#HNX2N9N`BJIHA$B.7T-6
7415
W$)G63J(GH8S%Q$


M*)4Q69F:.B9[?A%/9X+-&4\-`^G#+%ZG#+&F2]5UH*$#S9R\%3UO:N5!)36Y

M.B
CJ^<7'EOBJK$6-RE5Q6?6@B*:?=3^Q84Y&64ZX91?*


^GAGGOJFC38

MAT0?B0$20R1&2(R1F`Q16*&Q!R)!1)+)%9(K)'8(+%%PAA&(M$5:,JP[`SK
MSK#P#O/L/0


M8H3$&(D)$E
D9DC

821278%B32[(H1U9UAXAI5G
M6'J&M6=8?967VR+K#83RRTNQ/(RL;ZTE\JMO[27'J:G\JJ0]=1@L^.IZIYK
M-80*NJZ&1!V)!A)-)%I(M$


*\ZPY`QKSK#H3*2Z


C(Y=0;1V[A'KT.'$)M3?3B@8

^


MA^V.[2I!5B.JH.4U1NJ
-!AI
M)BI
U(AY$N(SU&^HP
&!DR
F)DS
B$D2DC
M

FGG#=<I

U#P8#SW*PDJNRRHRV:M+
M?3[Q4*3


MI
_(@)$A(R-&QHQ
&)DR
1)=Q@;JH4/Q79LZ+N8A//'=5+&L[XH1.KZ;GO$&

52V%5(&IUABI
])@I
E(BY$V(QU&NHST&.G'2&#P%V7E\(-X\[L.
M/V1DQ
B8D0DC4T9FC




M4Y3QJD5?U5)(71W6

M&%DSLF%DRXA8K\=R




M*V6/CUHS)5/CL(ZB=G@(6:;&G
=#RC(U
MMGEBH_70KOBS4\Q#K.+/J6)9?P[6OZ3\62](SZ[W+T9K$9?-:+2![=4J:BQ
M4,NAU(J
])@I
E(BY$V(QU&NHST&.DS
F!DR
B(D3$C$T:FC
P8F3.R8&3)
MR(J1-2
;1K:
8A//'=5+&,[P9?Q9/V73WO/6S/O@1QK3\]LQI!]BKDZJ1RGKY&N[EL_*6N
M7&J_7Z3N%+F^</(V(B@]`]?NS$B+D38C'4:ZC/08Z3,R8&3(R(B1,2,31J:,
MS!B9,[)@9,G(BI$U(QM&MHS(%PKPDCKV`*9R%<*<!ZKR:(\'I*4+Q7@NCQ$

QZB%`?F/!ZR
M-!ZZ%`?FNCR4*0[



MF3`R963&R)R1!2-+1E:
K!G9


CQHC=48:C#1S$+E=K=ZS:^53
M:K_:.92ZX=%AI
M(CY$^(P-&AHR
&!DS
F%DRLB


3!F9
3)G9
'(DI$5(VM&-HQL


M2(N1-B
=1KJ
]!CI
S)@9
C(B)$Q(Q-&IHS

M6I6]*R2Q768\!FVRWD\)FVRWD\1E37L[C(4N9\MH\L7]ZZ%FO$XQ#^&)



MYLO

E_F/!ZB%
OF/!ZR%


M2(^1/B
#1H:
C!@9
S)A9
K(C)$Y(PM&EHRL&%DSLF%DRXC8KE79NT(2VV7&

0WABNZEBF=FNW)$H

MNHST&.DS
F!DR
B(D3$C$T:FC
P8F3.R8&3)R(J1-2
;1K:
&./!6#D6*
E8
DQTF=DP,B0D1$C8T8F
MC$P9F3$R9V3!R)*1%2-K1C:,;!D1\[5KK`HFOAZ,AR-AR*-AR2-AR;%?'F_
M\E3I?D-^^G2J09&ZF'%$VBQ;B8A_;$?VV+'/^5FPEI_[4+XRI!_.Y8OF?.
M5E1U0S4W5'=##3?4=$
M-]1V0QTWU'5#/3?4=T
#-S1T0R

S

;-[1U0R)JI[M-3G_+C



M[88Z;JCKAGINJ.^&!FYHZ(9&;FCLAB9N:.J&9FYH[H86;FCIAE9N:.V&-FYH






RNU4G5U/YX)
M<1*T@!%F-]M_W[''@1@'PDL2F,,<S\SQ=Y\_B@+YYTU(N?5UB4+WW58E?%#




MNI)IT/


M%9&5/S(EZ;GC.I=1BZA?




)IA7$TPD7OV
:-X%78VEY#P6N45D80+/O%&+N+

*Q
MW3SM''#TF3

MEM?J17[/6SC


MCZ^#?_\K^+(8W!U/FX_GS=O^8_MU\/?V./CMVS__\?AK?_CC^+K=GNY$#1_'






4YR!+[O]W](-'Z6DC`/#7?0CD!U

M&
_NI_/1V'&G@[OOV^
IV$GOX.[IY_&T?_^O@IRN*E6)VU4B/KM*G-F]
QG-

M-QU(?-W:`XG/CG?']^YBZDRY4[?LG(X
#34FKGL_=T;+\?SZ27=PR
4?9^L-
MP^7`.






4LD+)&R1


M-=1]PWCNS
ABV?0

MM81`@4P6J)62)AB90E

`2


MEWIYUB^?3.83
CWG_7*Q'LSH^2X4




;ZHFTJH9RXVA/BG$&N`N%G3Y2#1`;!3G9'U)=6#FNN00
(R7!.LHN5X:EUSVQIG-2F[]%C3.;F

M
8\D/)+R2



MWA3S2









9C^0\

M2




7:PQ`1
$6H6$TQCR0\DO)(
MQB



`4H6(UQ3R2\$C*(QF/Y#Q2(`)]

6N2('ZG-






MS$

9C^0=`@$W
(U
M?DD?*^9JI``O?-XDX\(F`)4SJTADV()@B5*RFF$<2'DEY)..1O$-4I+BC
M.;DMHL`JH(.EYG`6]$:*RG#4NF-$[^EL^@X]3

M(-`WCS?YB(`I0
4ZXB$B8(I0L9IB'DEX).61C$?R#E$OD/@R=NEC5076`3TL



%*IY*;02;XR4$[(V9G-Z5_#Z3)W'#(T@
M^285F%)H2I$IQ::4F%)J2IDIY:94F%)I2I4IU:8D7[K9G4)Q)M28J9=HJM?G

M=!_$B\M


`






^Z?*M_NQMC#'U[XXWYW
M[B_]Z_7.A%N#4'_
F_5F;2(]/;SLS0ALVA?G[O5Q^:NZUV6U7#\]#`GZ[[[[




M@$REZG(C9%)\E:N\X+AFN`E`;L45K[2JI@6ET6Y4C/Y;LQ0K$`J46:B-IH

M.DTL
64-LLRBG7JH+3S%#U1K(.L5.)6&E=L;4%,/54,KB'Z4\5SURA@117/
M4O04Q2K.;[0H98UZ5K?X!YANO$31:L*3E0Y-R]QG`-@9J!J[*6SFUWB`T
MDN6DP#I$3CV1H\$

='9A-3%XX\;(Y][Z0D0GV(;0*3IEHX`%

M5-


-!R(\I)(XX#5J7:N!GDZ343+:N!%&]J82^]8ATU
MR


Z56@.)

/*@L8ENF.#+$SJQO5&F'\&I[ET+0;G).=<:,R:%)#EE7+O6$&


GT2+&;[%2^


XHME=YF.Y\UK18IF.0L*\1&

D!5R.;F1S




]S.4W24PC6;
M.Y&4#D5`_+BP\.Q1$F1%14.@$5'HW#1`7.CHD/F)L^+-`5UKI4*O`EAC,;


0A+X@:Z9EL/\HA\&W'^641D.D%`;8LV*QE6F0%<VJO4]T
M0Z^C47A6XW97@MV9GV3WZ[TF0594-`2*4'0TA=MPI!
3Z5@/Q89]DL!2!$A
M;3E2PD\;&'SS^WP9L#=B%P

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#D_N)\SA\``&VL```9








M=5L_'/*M?_9]?]VD@L(KQ



&SMC0X-13@081

MIZ




U%+:5K+#U(^*B61O(U
MA;E&?J7DG3E3$

Z)*Z57KN(UJ:1`AB6WGQPS)
MO56GX0I5(-(NJ8)#?DMMO:C_SAX2B@M#AHG$&1O5N-`Y/MU$#-8B(G))5




E&-
&M6%Z



MH8)L0PM/M72($SGXBU22L7G6L9G3'S*3[9BIY0%'^A
S;.G(G1?:[$/:A)

$#A*GXJ

1A?\PRE;

9K]!8_UKZT_TRQ5\H#LBCQ
MX
QI

$&F*G[7%;N)=EG$9OD9'6QX)8FV*G
ME(2R_-Q8^7E
T1J`@=BGD
AB7T5MDE+T=98I=TO2=

@4


M!N
04SQ80LBV(4/X1IC/IQN&ATVL6S7\*A6
_0,%#?A@X*.W^`(J;1BQ3YH_:K[1&%MW.*N#@_G@@$<U9!`OC-V


DIX]A`FN7J^R^Y^]!@FD2%CU21MM
`YC/DCJ







M6H
4$7



MM@C=^./-_6$Y(];O/9N?J]1F,I%+=54!H70:51+U6E2B,G?:;8@F[C^[47*
MQ7()NXI`D$U61(L+9/]2=/V;M_6AHB]JJ68T*30L#B;*79*V\`IL@(-

L_UT









Q`D
HP02%IT&XS2JI4$X^8D'-O:<SZ<;C16


MPJ+38)Q&M31(8%Q#@E-[@013$B(&X:WBH]`A5(P!E&F$\U$@TB%K_#A!X?-Z

M)!3'8MS!.(UJ:;#!N(:-5)E2:ARM(K57:1[4)&%9D&J40

%7W4YV5(KY!0'(MQ!^,TJJ4ZF4DAAHVRUCR*
MVL.B%RV;^06L!S4[9%$U]AHED+#H-!BG42UAQMD:/BG$D.#D5Z,D1)W%)5'H
M$$JXZOCG(R&%&Q.]'@PT-.#@8]JJ4Y@4DA.PF5F5PG9[/9+?(/GA4JPR6


MZ^(MXG
J7*

QF=42X

M7B&!#!F]P?%@G$:UAGGBZ13&%@J(@-[0YG7KK:.`FH
=GS

M+=593`HQ+#AMU6!!I%?
`AHC*[2;$P5:=0+G94BOD$#&8MS!.(UJJ4YF4HAA

M]YU/`FEM&PP2N(A]MJ6OG/NHX;)D5$N#BFB@=-MPNJW1'2+K8BK0'?F':TX4


N&$V#U-;3#MT/S(BFUB:#:K`A&=A0\]E@7;EMQN&3U2/SP
G]%J\B!)$E<77)/FG<+H5]66`9?(
S;.(0;D0
MP_S0/#150X

M

P/M
1^V\VN\


8GNU+


#\4$U5-]!#-U`TU5-]!C*7%


Q/Q`2^RWQBNA[2^2

LA*$8M:BR4@`QU(I5


GYD*%

M_P^(9`BH1K-!5:(B1J'IFI^*!5BZ`9::*JZH52(L;0X
M

MTN%D6Z!C+HSH*W!X5:%IE\)WX`A#_6G]9-2!%BK$*@:T$
/\0`M-53?00@S=


@F_D'R\-WZK(;66`J#P*F:*K.%DP18YERBJ[$EB]FFHOW0/13M1
M#U;'!E.^2M,,2K+`564!UEF*@\IFBJSA9


.XF?#@-^U.V.%V(\[$V

MMM@6

M(@9T$
.\4$\TA1ED3(
.8N@&.FBJNH$.8BP=3C4&.FSOB:I

M]P0C_8*;@.86U@12-IZAV-&`ZA*0FUMMXI%X4?4FHE;UA!/:60F6-YY1G
MBU)1IBFENTRV8)6G@`V4HJRSBUBP:F$97:5&%8-&*0I1

T+=!!#-]!!
M4]4-=!!CZ7`*LT2'*

M:
G=0$OJ5GC+(&B)W-+E9'XK4J!%F\:_+2FA8V.OWO6E2@TZEC$]OA#MFR_0
MH:9JZ




M[GBNV$[92G#3Z?N8JI

ML2%[8T/VQH;LC0W9QS;)_LW3U[N[Y_[V^?;#N^]WCU_NSG??OCU=?7SX\X?K






MRW#[$I/C]/7KX\.Q=7KX]71\?LN2O!Q_W+]1_:_?'W^^JFQ/#S'IGNY?_OKU





HD:FR)&69A'[*)$GM

AH9\RQ\W[1JU6


IJ]E?
(?X7QZ:B#G'Z

M0U&LFB15

M*2Y2_N
E'6'J6:^D_OTIJ=_4/US]3;WR04)W&43_-UIY#+-0*7:DB[:GI
MMMN^T/&%KB_T,B%KIFF.OB\,?&'HZ-




3?XRE'
MO.W

\1+\F!


MWY0TG14D/68'L4U)EUE1TE1VE+\IZ2HK2)K(#F*;DC8Z1SF-BRZV6..JE/3Y



MO



M

[J
MR]J0D#/8I=@6Y;0&E)SK@-(&*!IH5U12&FK%%+:/X64-E4AQ9PFF-4$\YJ0
M9K-6,.DL2Y$VLA3I&4N1!K&45387+$5:Q%*D'RQ%3GY+D3/=4N2TMA0YA\^*
MLY[2)[9ZVDJ.^MI)IBEK^D3+5]H^T+'%[J98)+V?*'OP-?&/KR!?&OC#Q

CY!#
M:BER3V%#:I@HRK8L`HVKH(-K&`C*]C0C:V0@ZNY04YNI8BA]=2Y/A:BAQ@
M2Y$C;ERBU%CK&ER$&V%#G*EB*'V5+D.)\5Q[]T'A7R;RK39];M#SPU2M[[

$]IG0







]#$RP
@0(R.
C#$R

S#&RP
@2(RN

[#%RP`CU
),8]%8[S1%B3^EF6IWZ^%J<O<$K_\R[$
M(\Q)_4S5HY8ZZF=*RC_TQHXZ+
)^U
]4:AT6X3?J9RPLPF#4SUA8A*.HGUEA




M0!
C+8VH(]G62NZP=32B@KI:R0WJ8:2/D0%&AA@9862
D0E&IAB9862.D05&




WK6U$G!*1[^H#GU7
M*P&\IU_
-40?(P.
##$RPL@8(Q.

+#&RPL@:(QN





MP^A:C(4I2Q5-86



MNR

/EUM8489JBB/

MM#?%[Z90C[(!;G6ZV


JH6:I*Z*ZW


ML0+O]S#2Q\@`(T.
C#`RQL@$(U.
S#`RQ\@(TN,K#RQL@&(UN


MO?/K[

2*\27]-5N4)K?W&E_J6J?%A*


M@AY&^A@98&2(D9%$Y)@'[HF
'2)XKV/B(DFYS-]%FN):9AB98V2!D:5$Y&P(



+*4B)P*
MC1J_#E\Y2.@S26N\G0U&MAC9862/D0-&J*=!%U%/PXRR6H$;J:?A/
I]17F



M.7M



1U?3M*/]4

'758A/V$\9\.B_`;7:.IBG18A
&HG[&P
M$=1/[/W'Y&O2C8SU+]XR5]4::J[Z[


WT

S0`2F`*TI/#8P6A-X5Q@&M:8G/NFI(^

\I?5+P_^-(TF)J++2ZUN=3A4I=+/2[UN33@TI!+
M(RZ-N33ATI1+

M@-.BPKG`D-.BPKG`H-.BPKG`L-.BPKG`P-.BPKG`T-.BPKG`X-.BPKG`\-.B



%RRU


M;4NU[8*U;:FV7;V+=6V]:VI=IVP=K65-LF6-N::ML$:UM3;9M@;6NJ;1.L
M;4VU;8*UK:FV3;V)=6VM:VI-I6P=J65-LJ6-N2:EL%:UM2;:M@;4NJ;16L



DMM)2%\F
MMZN0+B@1/2T56JVF]
HA]$JS?-L*':-FY;85.D;-ZFTK=(R:M=O6^1A=Z9UX


```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(



M)\2Q;P`&9_,\=CG#/;F\T=9!.^L$3FOMB&9Q&'`JHP?\NJT#;__^_II&09
MIM4A+7C%MN%/)L+/NU]_V5QY\R;.C
D`
E1B&YZEK-=1)+(S*U
QX36K8.3(





1`6$'W?D26=;J)W6)7
@%X0!*+N0+1#

UZ


MH\EZ\M7##_5K4




M;(Q66V^;




B2:%C*#*M:
M
I(TF\H!YZWP7A%;(


M_KWU3\0!

)9
9V[.B4`X5QPH:
(`.ZZW]:'D
S04TLN]@
MY#3W-NX=
`EJDK'O1&:\4D[!4J#TW5TH;1#PRZTJ)O[^`TS(#F-8?9SN!^
M]%P`IT+H;@$'X_[?PO8?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`ZJ$X^R(#```+

EMN.FS`0AN\K]1V0


[?`




A@IPUP8(B
MOZ7(0#-]1(+IU%
_&]E9R%P3+20R2
^^[/L(2].L5Y
:[6BZG63)0/-M:;%
MXI:D:V(9W`B0_0IZB


M!!J1-P(X94S6+^I[H?F
V_P#``#__P



\;0_[AZY]9W4[F_WZ\+3=OSQT__L?_X])MW
ZK_9/J[?#


CE]IX_#\O%UOW
/Z

3W[=OV_/?ET:[
SW?07*_NJ![SM#?M04N/

M@K^=W5;D`(2^^G5Y_=@^G5\?NOW1W7!L]6UGV.U\WYS._E9XNYWUC]/YL/M_
M#=E-4W4C3M
(O#:-V..[@3

PFOC<_IWSF1H





MOR^W&^N(;2E



%HB5@B9HF$)5*6

M!L.!HXQ:)`'.8&HK=_%8`H;.6%TT)1+0'XW&ZEJA#?0G\)RJ7))9&[#'3G\X


OZP!^?H<395\R^5FA@-;&:KB2\V4[69&ECU46JFX5J0<@S6DEF.M
ME8_X6$FPB9J_\QJZE6%(X-B[*!C'WD,+3X*1DN`!%I%(R6B5BEDA8(F6)
MC662&!P.0K&X`HDT%*B8+142(!%2A.H4=U*$_$QNTNH5MI@@1VV$7!V&$/




M7?N[O


W$P81[*TKOA^[/3]YA*#))\488D`(

1Y:$8(PY*:((-%+O9@5]C(:2%.-)J0@!DYPL
-*?
M)HO0E87

M2
6A&,
M.2G&&`MT%228C15A(!)SAQ1_VME#MV8ZKI@^\:D58[%3QJX?$$$.^OR)H\0
M-/FD&,,$%32(K1%/%(S,)CZ0\DC5(\\PT&(Y'EE*K75(K&&.NF*R1I3ZH
M%)JIE$U#RW8F2NVY:IOD?!$%OL_RI2[\M?-%KP:+7[)P8
(ANCR)H\0-/FD
M&


AR-;60DLJ0V


MEJ$]F2B%Y:IMD5-%U/

N?FW$Y0HB&)_+FSQT.238ASV
M@!`TA:0831&/Q#R2\$C*(QF/+`G!&'-2C#$6A*I)
5HJ@@!DYPQHK37RAAM





FU[
:S?H&KF9KX@@IUU







M-

ME`)^!P4R%6FO$&
F3#.M(`L@0VBKK'U*)4(/35$U6@MQA9+;J*N:G(7
5B
M4!A


0(K2O0\]'1!6
M)D*B%#KDVE2DKL+J1C:E

E
3`?
U].W=25V)A3@-3
MI.[';M.O:%%J8=K+1TD,3`LB=266(IM2&)B;44Q1:F':TA)EG)C7*!X;A&D



FHE<U*(J%X$6TV\=H299
^)K3(
M%,A5@G$+'52`+'4M$A'3:R-HQT1&/99)
2DU6DBQ%6E44


MYN7T5L






?OKXF


^]6APQ&OT:^<

UAOHMGX^TL
M/K___OY/?_SZY9]O

MYV#(P24'8PZN.9AR

MH(ZB


M&-6
&D8MHXY1SVA@=&$T

M&-6
&D8MHXY1SVA@=&$T







NH8]8P&1A=&(Z
KHXG1

M#NM]-APKD6SB[F\P[TFC[`%0[EI5


M0B+-$S_A1V/N.@4716E%;#2I`SFP)K#FPXL%55.HA.47K%G@
'5:7`BR#X

UG*M-JK#'N]YE1]2EOVN6GK



U



;R)








3

6

M9I?(VQ@ZYI*-L9.V%PT;::Y-MZ/(KBBB2J@2E3.)5#7G:CBP957'J.?`09!9
MBBZ
1@Z\C*]]\1H=H&^PJ&Y+54X-KVNPM('8Q99+LNVV7;966\W;2
4R4Z

)VHX49M4M_-DMZ







XAZWN8FP6%M^JM^9+0!L:N8+



MQ;IY8\


6MANJ30X^DYSR#(





M=JY+`CVDGM


7F-#+EUR
/;YS
M
2(S^9YVLA.0)M\SHTJ0




M?`&?EEQI*VT65NA]


DTV:GZ




M6$Y'CQV597G)ID4FCA0?/!)1:0'

O^Q%IP3T)6F'O1$^%\\*V
I87(LI=H$<O)-16_%Q@58$]%5A=8$V!M076%5A?8$.!70IL++!K@4T%

2H9M0P:AEUC'I&`Z
+HY'1
ME='$:';(5SAK/Y=QSFWF(2)3SA.C
Z.*T1.CFE'#J&74

MH]DA7^&LKUPJ+




M%:6UL!+DO*;`F@



M3&-_Y






;U9@VH.;#BP%60*WC'J



[`X^\
R#(KT)9

M_[&)FA
UG*@5]$+GDU1Z4#WG
M&I+JSA_))7F&CG759!T/MO=YC&_GS0EB2::72)_KCRS0Q^.3/;(A5D6Q]%
M:4(^


`P=671B-
M''A5E=E'8S2[0%_A9S8('GF#0)!?4;+G`$XJD@VPPH^I)(4.@$J0FZAD@T`6
ME-TC_;ICS8D:3M0*PL05=^2R+JM+?]?#Z3G+D%1W3Y)XT&:2'#G759`L)?CF





M4R*S


ZR0
59B4.


M+U;+X;PB\/A%T/XQ1!^,81?#.$70_C%$'Y%:-\[_&((OUQX=BJ%789WX9=

U
M/Z







W\AUS[_4!5

6(PBV)A%NEPBA&#+9&9
M]XM33%AZOZ@Y


M;(S
7&C@9(&VR+SMHDN;;3`*6)PBF+A%.E@S'80K&PA73P@!@\H%AX(+JT


U
M8G`M
0\/?43L;B0Z
2IF;WS05IH+EW*4A

ND'9_707(]-THS*3[JKL^;I-1J*I9F4Q


M4+Q_[W`[IG)=EK!2E[4.W7;1;.W-EY'T$WZD^S8`W&JFS*YFS&EM/7I@NI)
MF5D9X)V\1LH'[R@6WD5F5D*X10QF42S,(AU.,6*P)3+S?G&*4O'AYH3PPD6

MB!^25BMQ#@KTRQQ#F!)A?-O9








&
M





=YEA9Q)J2OC)






J
K?[B%VU
M


9Q.`%
5A!#$X0
M@Q'$X`
Q^$`

-%R(*KF)@
_-XVM[_*0#


%KKA4X9S(!C%
6B2:B91*IBTZ,+Y
MM7DX9IE@V:+03+


I1`RF2;`SC71PB1A<HEBX1#KX

]'@5%IT(=7^B)G8GY4P:9%H*IA$

TG#

M1+$PB72PA1ALH5C8(KKT/N`!


BNS^_`^C%IFF@U&4#D9%)D?V
MN'K

W5:97ATL




MK$-+.0M-UZ*3;:4=/C'!G^4S*GT).&\/.C
^M-_&^)=/RMBO^^N9R#`@]#5A
MO^H2A-T




2(<O@<XNCC$0
M%IWFPT(S!EHCS@;&Z%K+XZ-V

M`%.)P=3(3(E@:F3F=6$@
1@H^=(QPRW2X7PD!FLB
Z\+:T@'&XC!ALCB`^=9
MS4-#7:QY[+1]S2-S]V]P6RIKN^!#U.G.XF&7[ZS#ED6B5L&6R


MK`C#BK%P7*Q('`-





ZEF\CRE^\/[A

ZY&HTDC$*
3




1
:E[4C-EW


MM=`;7CP`
CW.#W!WTE]



:-^]G`W&.L$E-_7E
&.;1]V*

&HNC)H+H^;J+DP:BZ,F@NCYL*HN3!J+HR:Z/F
MD96:CSEO6W.;#*?[FSMC];U$=5
G(G:@W\E@0B$J%.)(3(48D,A.A3B0R%


7DY4PKB'J+DP:BZ
F@NC

[H4LTGV]LDJ;DP
M:BZ
F@NCYL*HN3!J+HR:Z/FPJBY,&HNC)H+H^;J+DP:BZ


]
MY5
'GR-




#K$S!F:XU^;TP'T

@VQLV]


8
H3A0A@J

MQ3*%WH(58V%/`U96W
AU_W!]?RR;
K&T8KSG84ER86G%C5R\=Z[^S4BDK1!/
MA31)A;09Q^WY*@1;$
II#Y$KSO


MQ=6

M+I_'5WV?'\96@?F3V(K;16BVMNPP3X=$28=$8[-:_

MV/IWSX




U[XF$(O:&HO2&HO&TK5/&=JD+=JD+6-.&(:D+8:



M+
QK*+PPZBYMJ;O$479A5%W:4G5A5%T851=&U851=6%471A5-Q:^+T471LUC
MVU+S

A:
M3=

[F,[N`?`?7



+\






\.\#HBO-\&#66JBG#

MT60MXQJDLY7M@?T/92J$M7U(SX8UR88T8V4_VZ&^PA61.]`S(M(/0TG7_;B

MVR-LG2%.3RPX;YMSEMZ/TD%LSXQA*9%SL
'8'+T*T:O-\3LCC_M!!2X5XM)A





MM6'?&O:]83\:]M2PYX:]-.QGPWXU[+5A;PW[W;`_#?N;63XS4[]_B^-DG9G/

&HNC)H+H^;J+DP
M:AY9J?F8X8=STZZY3?W3.8C_.4_A=Y^FGPNCYL*HN3!J+HR:Z/FPJBY
&HN

MJ+DP:BZ

MI

M$
/=(D
]&-G&PH_]J;\QV_M3ZC_FS&W]YV0ZU=_81V_T.!XM+CQD8Q0+PX@P
MSMW\$

$20


XH^:OI&]N3MQ2Y4VN6+%


#$6OB\29MQ^*D3-A5%S8VW-


_`RLR^OPT#;
6-07%[
M?ZA7422M$$^%)$F%)&-LP!BI^*.=N;=B;`5X(HQ)(HRMN#VZFFT6.\S3(5'2
M(='8K-;A='LXE8?&2%TQG@NI

;+G!F





MD+3%D+%\[6L@1F+K8F1

<'P*!GSD$3E?3U</-*\P/P*:C86)(9I7W(5TF%]AG@[SD@[S


MYYK/V3:SN;4
71]18L&B.%7LJ`-3D[P\AYD5YQT&




0`KR&

M%WUXW'S1Q_7-PTT9IGB9N?8
#2_&PBD*+\;2M4]Z
ZI6F*M'E:1#U8K;%Q1)
03XWV%^1'P;LSJ


ZY(.P[LRD.O-][P?



]'M9V



,9X+W3%7T3V6#8+NCR^)MLZ0N\%<
MC]C[.1E],RY<_1A]K$\8;XD:B3#3R%FM3EJ/7*?P!&I$)
&XS6-TZ9&8DDA
MFB8
'QY/'KGG5(A1B)G4O*@94_F@9E\2;8Z?%1@;[U3878VA6!8-\#(;7][F


M65![R1VK%J''?7PRL&6.W!.-Y;=[7




*$2)0IPH1(IKA$2X+%RU@2
M:+V


PEW`/J79Y#Z?THQQT^\U9I0(
MX^0E#!?4$
$\(0(0P/PM`@#`OD`
!\)0(`P#PA`@C/I'5LH_)M*A_+OF


M&#471LV%47-AU%P8-8^LU'S

M1]`.]#
6AA2B:
-XPI2P[XY_`[TU]A



F`[F

WA?+'YW&OF
MD:'Y#X^



=6%S;C/^]_7F.


M5IBGPY:DP]:*V^ENZWD3@2O

M=/*!
;__`-CWMB['[ATAC%7[Z[(XW):UTDF&YW!CX=YPQ;PM`L#
W&PM=$
ML\3A5!A.I2U.)0Z!PA!H+)S%&($2AQIAJ#$6/C-J)`X/PO!@S(Y;BCXFXFW1

U5_6M]:%DAK@\M
_U^VH`68^GYM71F

M%7
MG2L

MH=/8NV5#[HKP3


M4L7Y'\JL;+*\-

I.)^2;T_'
G7[&F/



U^]S'?O5\\6._.0P?



M&'-5^ME8)@C][
-+\IVM*^3^9VST/^\


M


F@NCYL*HN3!J


F@NCYL*HN3!J+HR:Z/FPJBY,&HNC)H+H^;J+DP:AY9J?F8


%Y8OM$6%
$P(0X0P/`A#@S`L
M$.
!P(0X$P#`A#@##J'UDI_YC8A?+OFMN



M?

H)^Q
+1;.T31AO&N0/^P60CT




M9+GM;W
6G?J;L;QO]YSA/_X1=\[2E2PR;KREZ\R4X5$#?6=&IGV[#L.V7SJ&

=CV4

M&
34



MV):#P

M




MJ




M9E+SHF9
HH.:-2M[L-EUOH@9RTMCW;[=V3@O&=WJ7R(



J'WK&QX/6YOZYQQC+BUL/!IDQ^H=CT`JC(\R$


M^'GM91UE0Z\UR#.4Q79%'QOVM6'?&O:]83\:]M2PYX:]-.QGPWXU[+5A;PW[
MW;`_#?N;67$QU@*:4_#Y?JC

M*
2+0KPHQ(MOC$BT*\*
2+0KPHQ(MOC$2X+%RYC
ME[F+#=Y
5:\7
F+

84-

.,0(PX$P

M3U?J+DP:BZ,F@NCYL*HN3!J+HR:Z/FPJBY

$`](I/'8!.87'YZ0R;$<J2+AVE35A7)ND[;5PMW:O'R8'+P?H




.


0(PXLPM`C#BCD
.)
)P(8U!$
M5IR



`5%XY:]\#C=(7Y!\:II



2QS`3ACYIBSZ)PY4P7$E;





*
:K-4:J1^%.(

BO[G?<I44Z/0!N/W4`=%N<K)7)(EV?




M[_UOIH

(HOC-H+H_3J+PPB^
N@NC[


MVI-@&EK;Q)`L#
&1G;7N5G;CSN
M=J\
H


RW$&EO=_^-6C=CU`CB5
M[Z


\X5F!1=/FDB(\P3X?XG*[-MK'0WHJW%7@5[ZOR

+Q(6[S

M3

MJ03:%.)MPM0[XCQR]8XFA7C2YHCRR-4[9A2BIC1O;L9*/[E9:PO;`J@.YK;`
M^)/N&-Q

U1`^M1ZRM

L@NCZL*H
MNCJ+HRJZ/JPBBZ

M,.#,#P(PX,P/`C#@S`\
.#
#P(PX



K^EAN;XMNZ_!:]+DV']_QE]9M1]E$.5E@







M`8(;8Q\MV%;3&X
9@](#!HVE.VH
1MR-=$B-





M[`BD
?3Q_+8MA#J_C=6G[I?




^&_=VP?Y4U#V-IO1O[W!#(^R:3M6?NY[:\PD.L


MF8V7\H;Q^FA\PK1;P)2RP

%


M.O
SHX1ASEAJRXPREJXX:!*&)FF+)F.I7[P(PXNTQ8NQU\2A%!VB+!6.J7








AC^;TMNJW+:]&-M:M@7QTQ






E4P$V$^0#!C;%T]F!F



I8L?4TWB*+HPBFYL


=GB/
T^%9TN$YXE8ZK2?N(\[S

-=A'DZW$DZ

M]0+3ZW$#OSA

ML_I-)YM/_
\CK743
E;5N]GV9
OM
MLF&_N@




M(





MMVU%'ROK;=%MR5V+'LOP=%I]TJO9#+-WV)X?G_L/%F`E0MP45HREDP4GN(@;

J[?L
9?SS(.N@C9^Q4/__3.UG


MOV'I;)WCF-\S;C'

&HNC)H+


F@NCYL*HN3!J+HR:Z/FPJBY,&HNC)H+H^;


M:BZ

M=L
MQ8LQ?N#4JXT81@0A@!AU%\8Y1=&]851?&'47ABE%T;EA5%X8=1=&&471M6%
M4?3,6LW'TFQ;\[EF*S4W5FLNC)H+H^;J+DP:BZ
F@NCYL*HN3!J+HR:Z/F
MPJBY,&HNC)H+H^:9M9J/I=FVYG/-5FH^V?JB8,:Y,&HNC)H+H^;J+DP:BZ
A]=$;SG?I
MY'6U?5COE9&Q[[6]5L1H^4RO#*!=6.^5,37#KIMBC%F,F6IC;*R4MV-L+J'+
M&#-6WF@[W1E,KPXP?9;UV&&B[$Z7*0M8T/:





MF1'@QXI


9X+WSE7\ST6
M\


R977CYGY-R'?!NL0IPJ1:C#_&0D*
GA^=#N]=C+LX.^%98[P%-!M.B!$LK<$P5OK6^_\4H
MTE:,)T.:),.9L?J6&7^;T#9$\;@/2





(\'^/!V-4:MR$RUO#;(6*+^SI$C+5;1H/IEAWWPG!O+.VB(%KBDH
MJ=(6@Q*'+F'H
E9U21QNA.%&VN)&XO`@#`_&[//6HM]?VQVY_$-;)$_6=D?D
M=^M/

M!_S#64KWT]GM=+]2F*?[[2RE^^.LI--Z_DUQGN^?LZOU;




2ASVA&'/6.H759.M
BP?RG\!N&-HNKVJ0MHH0A2MHB:L:M8\&*
*Q(6ZQ('`J$

V/EX?C[
@O);6'UHBP0-_.


M




3F$(
M




V@NC]

M1;
]O$*A=('SW2!U6BZNI;6D1'F'\(1!M+-[6(CK@;Z7`?89X.]Y(.]Q&W

![,Y3S,[
MEO];L[8O4,T:JP_#QX*?C96TP8$Y89@S5LU)')J$H4G:HDGB<(
)](6)Q*'


@UP
M$V$^0'!C+)URF%41M[J5=.B*


M'Y0G8NW\@M&(\WP8-7;U8F-?P^]AMVN)=^D![\:LELW[6




$_WPUE*]]/9[72_4IBG^^TLI?OC

M/6Q&JL1]VS`

RQWN
MIEJ$N7A$23I$1=PZ?DF'NPCS=+B3=+B+N!OIT!EAG@Z=D@Z=
\XNQ/=2-N1&


\?J83

992SC!MK!=%[T13H+?&O[6^NF4_;T53VUR4_AWB3-MU


SUO!)
MS9K4MKBOHR5QP(G8URE?71@0!@A'$J%4;YA5%]811?&+471NF%47EA%%X8











M;$MR;'\F.0-@);\QDQD4T@6#XC-=

M!'4T&:N/C!X


M.\:K-
:K-$:B-L:8-
:8-$;/C%N?&!VY;=
Q%ORW=+3?ICGQ.SYRD^IL?5@F
M\HQ;#!OL$
&\*P(0P;PK`A#!OD$

&HN





*8L)CVU

+Z5CPC





N/0.$:6W
MN
2HO#`J+XSZ/NPJB[

HNC*H+H^K.-\)H^KJ+HPBBZ
FF?6:CX6]MN:


#\+P(`P/
MPO`@#`_\`
#YDU#V/QN_5@J^+JP5B[_=.?+.#]UW&Y*C=!AX-^#^R*\Y
G

MW$LZW$LZW$?



_UX\8TS/







M/3$BM1-
?J83Y*ZVN1.])*9`_R0H_TPGC`(+8S?QLO^XNR:N$

M0;$_WN?VQ=H
E!7H&1DH!J]6OHV=L=F0QL['4]EV)^J8

M0L;*;


C$M[#M\\+K'OSE+;-V<I[GW#?CA+
M;7\Z2VU_;=AO9ZGM'V?I\_[=L'_.K&TK^EAL[Z;5LZWR[2:K%_NVF7LY33C




M





MAJ&7QM\

M'A\&^S'H@VT






M[WB]#3;^
;A\N-GE.OGQY=SLYA0-7RZ'^G;5





MP38\&+3%@\M^7Y_+H`^V






M'.OQ


&2O3FC%?^+:QF%):B4):QT]D
+G\?!<


M&=GK1[$?
L_$Z&G.^C_Y?^]Q8]1*N?\CM9V)4K/U3VK%J'
WL[CFL*?6KQ^G


1D7NPS$Y



[RE5C7#5FI5
V206ULG6LBM
MS9!!;FV&%G)K

1X?UMIC/!NMM
9\1
%D.+N35UHL7<FLPW2*`E&5K,K<E\+01:DODN
M.92

MUPPM7



LSSR9CNYOG4B;?F^618;IY/QAPTSR=C.ICG

\WPRM)CGDR'#/)^

M:^IM

M2S)^+

M^]C)9D



M]


KIGGD]$_\_P#QC=&L
HA_NB4
MXU+

4V
D*QK8Q0;//T9(W+]4%;&=Y6__8ROUVD.%?
ML9.,\2S&6'O.D#IG,D+U82XC%%O(
66
D*QJ3K14CIG
CZOV$+&YQ5;RI@3

;SUG2(:W_H\E8\R\

OKN/:1D]
%[2



ZY[TK_K`/'O2OV)89]U
AG]/^E?ML
Z:F@P98[54


M39UH




MCLU.
D*UFSWQK-^$/=[EK)5L[6,/E0[^N#]GF3H])Y.LJDZ0]T6JN2(=]:

M3H9'ULUD]


KIGGD]$_\_PC9I[/
M9RX9$O-\
L;%/)^
X3+/)V/

\GPPMYOED
MR##/)\-6\WSJ9`Z:YY-AJWD^&=Z:YY-AJWD^V?Z)9YH(E0L.
D*QHXQ0C$?@





MV$K.:H8
SI

&Y\G-T

M:(:WW`]IAJW4AV;(X#RY=:*%\^1FR.`\N1E:.$]NA@S.DYLQSSA/;H9UK/.8
MY)IU_&
M3C.L8RU.

M0^=$+?5Y6#?2OZHKZ&1]2#/DLSZD&7U@#4\SNL8:GF;TCW4ZCQAKUF&UEF
S


MFV$K:W2;(6.BENH#6GAFJQDRS
G9#BT\L]4




F28
M6Y.AQ=R:#!GFUF3

VOC(V:NR[7NV&JM2H:WUJIDV&JM2H:WUJIDV&JM2H8


M&3+

@PMR9#B[DU&3+



\GFZJ3
M4
\`

_

\WPRM)CGDR'#/)^

\_DN6FPUSR?#6_-\
FPUSR?#6_-\
FPUSR=#AGD^GU%!BWD^&3+

KPUSR?#5O-\
F28YU
G6LSSR9!A
MGD^&%O-\
F28YY



LRMR9AGUL9D:#%_
MYC
Q?)XY
AG'M(XEPW=K53*\M1XE0POK6`AY#NUS4LW0PGJB9FAAS5`SM/C=

M


4&PK(Q3;R0C%&$_6S#:;R0C5






CWA/5#.N\CYGML



M`^^):L:8F2/S=]88
_-@

D*QN8Q0;$C
M%%O*

UKAG3@7.4AXR:



L;
FI.


FPU7.-9
@P
MMZ9.M)@_DR'#_)D
+=:X9


9H=A
1B@VEQ&*+62$8DL9H=B;

MYSW)L-7SGF3(\)HRU^^BQ6O*9
CPFC(96KRF3(8
KRF38:OG/:D3;SWO28:M

F0X35E
K1X39D





M
AEC9HY
RMV4I&J'9KV?M#9@[)=^ACJS4G&=Y:<Y)AJS4G
M&=Y:<Y)AJS4G&3+,\_D.?;1X/I\,&=:`9&BQ!B1#AC4@&;9:`U(GWEH#DF&K
M-2`9WEH#DF&K-2`9,LRMJ1,MYM9DR#W)D.+N349
LRMR9AGGL\GPP+O$XUK

-9#-D
]:L69\


M;(8%WG/

4
MV\D(Q:8R0K&9C%!L+B
46\@(Q98R0K$W&:$8PV5MS/=1
R36QF0
B;4Q&=/6
MVIB
:6MM3

M89VU
1G661N3


QERR-CYB7@?D
M.F-L]3HN&?/


+5YW

@[N;P9W2:7
M-Z/OU.)F#`DY<M1KSV7,E\H3#!<YLAEC1HYLQG1(YLQ7-2<'D_&C)K3C.&B



YD\V8+&:':+65OS58R
M0K5;R]X?
G-(KNG&5FM.
KRUYB3#5FM.
KRUYB3#5FM.
F28Y_

]*C8O2=





B;4CGP^@:]:'9%AN#4^&==;I
M9
PS:W&RE7T@5!_6
D*Q=QFAV$9&*+:5$8KM9(1B4QFAV$Q&*#:7$8HM9(1B
M2QFAV)N
W(=FCA75[-D&%=R7;,)=[7]99Y_.=X=AJ
MGD^&M^;R9-AJO4V&M];49-AJ34VV&;'6%BUU7W\K0TNQO0PMQ0XRM!0[R=!2

;ZTYR;#5&IYLJDZTE


AA9S9#*TF.33=6)MZ5S)L/;
M8@L9WA9;ROVV$J&M\708HY
G6@Q1R9#BSDR&5K

MI:]/V3FD'P7

F18


MG)R

MRM!2;]#2[&##W%3C*T%
-6:U7JQ%MK53)LM58EPUMK53)LM58EFZH3+:5S
M)D-+L84

K046\G04FPM8RX5VXU8ZT[H[WUA&%4






MJ^L\DN&MZSR28:OK/)(APW4)J1

M\YWAHU&M(=B
8(1B6]FNV5Y&J'8'V;'924:H=L@P#^:[L=%B[4B&#&M'
K18






M
5SFW60
EW4LQY/ALHXE8TBL8\D8$NM8





MD'V2`^28Y`0Y)=GX&$3^@L(6LDNR]_&()`?(

EG/6<RY?&B4_ZB

MY)1DP^

M&71(KY*1K#(@HTI!BLJ$SH;[0B;=B/LR*X22*@DGD'29]`AO4I&LLJ`CH%
M*2H3
JM4I*I
W
^D]S



MDE4&9%0I2%&9D*I22%TT]81
*C
RJU2DJBS(HK(BJTIDDJ'=H]TJMD)*L

BN$DBH)+(ES=8AO4I&
MLLJ`CH%*2J);$FS=4BODI&L,BC2D&*RH3

M\03J0GF]C$(FN&

&$[)@E
6)E)`A.V9O(=XL*)

V!]$Y4Q8'$3E3-@=1.5

Z)O22\[9_$X8'D
`D
MD%!AD`V5L]3

MX^^G*@P%H')V#2



S%ZWY;;5L*06NOO[_




'^Y_O13Z]O7#:K'8??AV




Y_=WSPV\?[SXM
M3]-RN;C[\/-/%P_]U^/#GR_JO]^]?'GZLWE^_'5\_/X`=^-N4OPR]/3'TZU

M]N@&`?I^_Z_+WS\??WW]\O%NO7N_W2_6R]7V[MTO#R^O]:

B.KW?O]<G%<[_^ZD;4W@K___RU!=9?NX*\WLHR]N=&#

M


2Q+\@UOT

+*+?B!2$JF(U$0:(BV1CDA/9`R
Z$-.XHUR(DSMJ1IANI+^%
MUUH=M*=6JVP**I6:%*T







NH8]8P&
M1B.C*4&IHZZD.RM.=SS2JU^
2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
1D93@E*O7$DT5IQH
M(JKP6CDE'%J&;4

QH8C8RF!*4.S/*'


ME*5^=;'YWQF8/I:/D=YY-:/$WS.ZL2SF^DEL,I@M6?)LIC2NV2GORF-
0)







9T
+_%






UAJL
UAOL

&!=+Q@5#*J
M&-6


\
*6&1JG%9QDO;2HU*=JE+.TV



+C%?7-EG@&3H4`DRI[7Q1=4$X`IL03?*.
U'SJVO+W7Z9[TDL
ME8Z8KSQ3]WS-J%$EW=A?XNKMLFBL53IBO4M

W'0YN/$IN

U)G8.UC4?)
MS2MJ\:E4BAY^



M%JUUB;6TFRZZ4C
9=3-;1-CZ:`Q_PGR.183L:7@6-3@EJ&6^+Z).](2W'GM=
ML5;-J&'4


-AIL2EGJM2OQY);C24%QE!2
2D85HYI1
MPZAEU#'J&0V

:
M&(V

'?+8:Z@Y-'MU=Y8
/<KB'[L:@UK'4&Z[F&0:G%!_-JE<7.HU*39\N4LM2Q?S-X



M_12!0^JR[6RETA'5IZI6[1FU*B2;F3L,=VELT^K-,1VQX9Z1H,JZ6RO#_G[
MHJ/2$-M38BAU;):5J+3-/$MDQ]F*1\DLZ+7T*\-24K$JL+@5'NF?-P$M3BI


).
MK




M849Z2PVCDE'%J&;4

VH8


M[8P

B;74RU=R$9=P9-.M
-38BEU;I:NJ'S.W$)RY#1&4#(OBEI<;BQ%3ZU`5YZI
MI;W:(^7EQBC9&JQC:SU;&XR2H\&FQ%KJMNIBXLO\]MU1LF/;KQ_1`J^L=8<

MJV*MFE'#J&74



#B=4%?9SVW'!)O`+0D2];A@*@H
M]P`\P!`N8`@?
(03&

[+A6=)PKS)

U.$FLW:P5/A(]7^OF
MN#CD1R[`:;K6S&=7HNDELK
\G`Y
I[\!XLZ5RP1O^-*X7`+1^1EB9Y

MD52*NT

#C-$A[7%K
-70D)W4#^/ZIF]D26&

M*[TW\Q`:(QQ(SD;2[$U8DKY%&'
D#)'9HD[@A*4^D9ICTH4A(C!:1'^UQ72(


T892-Q!K)8$+9BG


D&!_X-)8E03_Q+2B6
MX


MO54!QI@YQ%SG$.99+L9SZW#/Y8,CZ_#?]8



MMJQ=?=;%A

MSHV[#I8

ML@0N7+@V6!
#7+AR
NL&Q*\6J








GA3'VVS)'CI

MK3(X:^/D3GU@:SARX^0.?V`)3MDXN2

M:DN`Y[0:DN
YS0:DNHYPPJBP)3G3J+(D.+4)/;4D.`$-U]3R`0X]0]LL


M.%O[Y
Z9YGIPH/;)G3;-DO

[@)XE
M.&G_Y(ZA9PF^IH$R5O2$3VB@C7!9R30'ROJ+`I30F^#8'^6&7PB0CTQY+@

MLQ[LZ_

W/<'N4P-B?L*(4OP$<A3


GHV^U-`4ID^*.#RBQ3HTQM2AI(.M-:`VN=6:9?(M
S?Y$:(!E


4(RFI()DLF4
MG.&WL^FW`I+2E%205*:DAJ0V)0TDK2GI(.E
20]);TJ&)=;2YB
ULA%R1D_/

M&'QCYE)+Y%*FUPI(*KR[R#-5`4]79ID:96I3TD#2F=8:6.O

CW*]*9D@&2:
MK7T(%_OEYY]^W/_^


M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`)20P4]!)```T[




MW?ZXVOZ

Q-



MH?($^J\/F_7-+^__A2'Z

M!7T*!@5

M!DU



M


MQ:AFU#!J&76

M7$)Z@P!N=!\2K=VX*MFM#]MD4LZCU7JSFST5#BO%^Y*M5THMK'EVZ\UQ8W.J



JIF3R\66
]J


M7NW-


M/[.E;H/Q9H
6\ON7@O9?#S]

J&)6
*D8UHX91RZAC
MU#


0X*NYK!YXI*D




H?EPE`?T2LB

MSZI1.ZP(C+U4*Z
2'FK
M'
O:80U[:]E;YUCV#AN
HH5,UN2\#(R-6%6L]KB
MKG98,[/%7<ONNEEM<=<[;)C9Z,[&+5G=R(T9M:9.&9%)HO:KY-?13QWRZ^C


:]M8R
MZAS+WF&#

R@G6J@4*4L

.K&



MSO$BGT2KB&8F@)






U6NK$;VO!H1
MI)\?%NIV^S


M/M:S#T-KI2&^&W;4



2BWY)2I7:G(UB\C
5RFDCDB&4B9J
T_Q=`4(:Z7

MCB`].PC3O\
XK(A

92U8Q9SZ9+
M$0V;MHPZQ[)WV&!

M8$]54*A2EF-2LZ)?II6&^&[8=\NH4Y:C[\
^_65::8COP3BRD4U63Z^M4`^\
MJA)D9DI16Q[!YZ*';$





9R!SA*.KI
;!&9

EVEJ
MOTF6'YFHF?47O=B3BYJLOU;'??*\JH@J:B%0





MDVH

MW1C?MO$Z;5*-YZSI%)&J32;
C
FHIU@1]91IR:ARO-4.:XRI;8W.D%1K.$$Z


Y\



MEE?*


/!/7%_.U+CNJ)ZV
0*#V?25;X@.R;2;
3
M-1D3NU-ZH$VN5*36161Z3`A28T)9CF-BB\0U&1-*19PWXLD9$R'I6::$5WO1

M


M8KG?)ME'K=2DS.:U



P\\U*D[)_0;Q

;)<^@8`R1/08XJ@P
M<HG!S8J(T


OSK[#[PIC#%7E

M2&3H;_-\M=\G3T

=S(9PZ+\9S1!$IL3439?HN

M&)


D2.&*!%#3R2&
M
R^)X=!+8CCUDAB.O=3
1G

J6V1#2Z

8C@LDQA.RR2&XS*)X;Q


M

82.&L!%#V(@A;
00-F((&S&$3;

M
2*&&!%#C(@A1IHE

M$D


MR5;!#LM.3[8.=EA`N;)UD(UCBGRN-T$V3ETLVP;9^.R49;L@&\_*2&4[A`6[




M:?

M)T/3]J%]KNSF=`X_/7-I:-@JM

L^/V5)$
$E]'-XY9HE!23AQ6N6E)4K@2OG9_#*]=L@U?+S^'%:Y9<3ICZ\-8]
M2S)(PAO_+





M6VOL\W3.7$D.2=A6B

22!I*P[1!+
!%L,G\/6N=Q2[#1\#KOE
ML@2;6.!Z$FPI^TY;%C+-MAY]ER[$NP/BW(\&VSE?+Y<*0?YM2O!#LWGL-<P
MUP`;-9]+5X+]FE$WSP9[
I_#7L/L#7N+P\;+_;&E.&P\7861ZP]388/X==



.\+ARG@0;P9\K5X)SD

3B2GHU#ES)3DD



4C2$]R0=PN;MQP


Y4EP.C;:




M2DI(2E=205*[D@:2QI6TD+2NY(+V7-SV9)#DKJ2`I'`E)22E*ZD@J5U)`TGC




]Q?W!I+&E;20M*ZD


M/TA:WO_]\/CG^$++A_\O`````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+CK)6G+!@``




M=V];3V7;)17K:UO[U[:K+_\
1OW4I9
















W-

M\!LJ/2PN^*_[5Q]O/EW__O7QO^_^G&YN/W]YA+_W4N3#W5?\$O[]ZMNM=`)H
MO_[G\O?/VX^/7]Z=;7:O=YO]Q;'9[

M]K663:X%?W

TEF\MGVPMEB^J#


M&9H)IS^`_O%^VYR_??


%`GUBC))BX[











Y]1J9##HS&C/*@/%9S^E22

M*NHYU\!H9#0QFAWRLN






M\+

M1AVCGM'`:&0T





M
K_/67`#3XTT

&8G9F+
MA&`YE=)FU)AG_[J5E4'2*S

S*K1PF7

R+2Z



M\51-J\@L31E=EHFX5U0BX2$C8YF1ZYHR:A`SZ4_.KC*OT
=/I+:DF01J/IY
M1GX,U\^MMUH0`9VJ@M8KPP[H)IOR
U;<1<L&71G*JZN=





M4Q?LPZN
I-


M-784K


MGM8RW_\2
_L

V
MU(LR*[VHWH1M-$?:[[RXW.P#&Z6:[3:DE@M]*'-K9*
\YY91=6IP%2N-=MU(


5@O


M8F@:
65




'EVS&8\2@WQBD$\

M

MNK(H2D'(%BTC2B&4,40LAA%T
(8PAE#E;2)(PHTA;GOA0(YI
(O7-3.%*-

Q#%8C!
1@`V(P@665!22

MN).P[


4C$_U`O:#MLI)-?04#I.K,A`P#$(,!B,$`Q&``8C`994!)-PH
M!B@^S6&(4VE#$_4I
4@B!DG$((D8)!&#)&*09%DE20*((FGQZ4L7K7I:HI.[
M!B)VH-*.62YJ'`@+K$75T;``
/YAC$J4S,-!_?1R0&CQ*#1XE!$C%(
M(@9)Q#)

MP/!-1





M6]U/V_E6G4X
W]LFA@]N$\
/)]:63,G\O\T@[KB:?
M\6JNT-W+#'+")P35F`(,S$'1STAEC.8@Q\F\]H=+Y59H
U9OB(?%Z]2CY\
;;H4E:6X3(SU(0*MG&<D



MC&U@!H8P`T.8@2'


M-%E62?)!RT]X-HAF\$Y4'HS6L;0+6[(9OZY%E4$^


DHA!DF65)(DHBJ2?\&@*

M&*/$X%%BD$0

6//4H
M\HE!/C'()P;YQ#?,B]_.9QR%\]F@]J=!Y59CW*K&N8]0$;`C8&;`K8[%DE


3
MQL;5
D#0^K7

MVTG:\LH;I^TE;3EMCM

M]/$GKATB=(NQ)ZX!`C3Q)Z(CJ.TO=@,MR/-+$9=NK#-+$9MKS#--&.[A*F
MB7;LJH9IHAW;DU':3LKAEG68)N5P/S=



_X!'+

\.Q.D7<*<.`@H2,$KRBB%]Y3#-/$7MV-

)[_+O%#.!$O:

E

2K



MJ`I..^&&)^H
Q\@OS=4OX2PA



GHQ1
'CC.
M


V[VT!/-LU2Y`-=W((.*?*9+D[!Y\K0@B@%7RV#

&\P'X=7QC)0Y3#GMFZLVWO&Y0-`6


M(V4.4TX;S*/A3DZ+EY,Z9'2ARD#4H8P943*%*;,2)G#E!,V6T[A?DJ+EY
MZ9'2ARD#4H8P943*%*;
2)G#E!

^:RZ%]



BHC'FWVU@Z?[VZ8@(5+?/KLWSW?PA3.IX.5_<WPX=]-]C\]Y9_Y]UK^U[






-:I*[H'!!Z8+*!;4%6#B8!I\)1ZG?S?&O
ME;8IR,==4)TX*2TYBK9I#+%*$@A2E()4AM$Q8HINUG`E7J&
3HMBF(9;#D



M(ELU0[P?U#9K^H&FC-I&G

MM$IL1DHYM;(7'6&\FM1&XW$4.-U3




WNB
9K6KES/?+7&0/F=08A)%LGR-D#
M*@



MC(*9=0MIF4SE6BV

M`Z3639ESD56R\GY1A8+IEVF!U?6#';-&JF2P/')*X2P:U:S$YQ(5$I4:A1_/


Q;QJ&:A0FJ59`P.







MNMFA_7K!%K16!\X)CY_+TVB7J4&)EQ)'.!+^C$A$1]8Q\R)R01)$/FA22&

M)





``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`
W?SY]O?K'Z?GE\?SM_75UL[B^.GU[
M.']\_/;Y_?7__+W]97=]]?)Z_^WC_=?SM]/[ZW^=7J[_]N'?_^W=G^?GWU^^


'P_#YV_GY


J'



M]A^(_$/0.;).I35JT?#1]]4V)7`E:$O0E:`OP5
0.WL#\Z`5WM+SG!ZWLG

CBK1:B*.2$ND(](3&8B


MYD19A/DFMV@:N3$)P`/S[

9



:




LQ:AEUC'I&`Z-1

3$ZE6,LQ:AEUC'I&`Z-1(6U<D4K%8'*ZY--HI$MJ%6JY*<?=I61:Q@Y

!H5
MTL;Y5

!H5TL;Y5



M^`IC0'L





[?4J%%3C@!'[62WK\Z4S%#[MLJZ3W%GBXP
A!GFU,5\#C<*TZIA65S=!-92A!=8(BS%&VC6F*=L'UBO3\EY2R



MI\G*KPW2GE&;6P_.$EL/SA)2#E+KE`2F0ZJ6V?/-US;0/7




M!
YSU@'Y]=[







!D:C0LJX[84L:^(Z
MRPJHZ*G%4VB=M.+`Q
@Q:AEUC'I&`Z-1(6UOD7A)MK'E[$I0BES-J&'D&+6

N:[L18%CK991QZAG-#`:%=+V%ME5


MF3;1REI^L$UXRRF+(&5Z4

(70AI)AM^]NM5DLBT@TH2IL)9



M8

'?\
M
'SS1567E:;-F]VW-ZMBC.ZD[JQ3]X'-%6D7%.G
O&)S^7L9/T&440U(W9.B
MEF:!1HKF


H#,J5E/+70UU*.G5Y9K
M#.8
UAJL
UAOL



^?&*4</(

M-5L2D:S9`:4TI/:[LGTP$VH8.48MHXY1KY!NML\DK&:'#/+N_T6.-_&?*E



MQ:9&BF;
!98O1`7D_TH9
2U$)2VIOU=(&UDD

MZ)PE


P=(WU0?CDY[X&
;G%1;&%SD./?87
MLV.UX.0G
CA%+@H/B&*6MPG
9D
$=E;4YG)AV
80MLW06*2J%CZ?
/*W65!.
Y)#<9!DN$H#Y;MSIBAF*U:BB6=2Z0T(\JRHQR0I

MXDSN.2G*5[MP*C=#G

M!J*7&
P-B5!BL)88C4&6XG!5&*PE!@,S5EAIT]/,CNGVV%3QA^V`\DT8FW






M#B*TT1+A_9#OM9:H@PBMMT38G'7HL9N);P.\^3[X=]&69'
XXAT:2^K]YM#@









C0MQ=G7A]J4X+CK@S_]F5N`













%L[PR0R8AU];=D%'M<%[()NL]U.P<;
MV3'2+
Y-+JO)JBTA-2$-(2TA'2$](0
A(R$3(3
A;PEY9Y%

MF2V2Z2#)CB?$@N=**&3F$$
50S5##4
M0QU#/4




M(NN]1+


!

3?UTK8_UG]9AZ;6@78Q;
U&6=3!PC:
6#'W9'(]%95
RT+[


M[9H8FK.N2P2CWNRA#@]FX(!*K?5(AZ[;()9OF'NBWB2E:J9QVA?#\N)TJC
](F
ML.!YWA.A;&^,F-D(*X;J)D=M%'(,D%.X9Z+C@P-'+!B:%9RZK+Y<E2WR

4)L*VFE2Q!%=LE+WO4)/




M
C.4

OJ0KVU
O0P,
MC:F@[4H1W4W)2MW/EWK2CX$12+T;!S$=)6$Z2T^U]6+$4:E8/5*Y8ER9B



L+&MJLSD6
M*[U*!CKEZPB9ZW3#4*L%\XVDB

B(WFK!M+=U#/4*
MF2-*]C6J5?(U
31'*+0KE^M*'H
E2#



[ODR/L\%#C]W!6_`\UHU0%CY$S`3W581,5ES5:-0DJ55*)V:=.HK
\HLDT&6MF<
MN<FUQJ3W]@]9_L5.&Z'LIE'$[$UVANH(95(&_P9JM6Z='<

MVAE8)
%=LE)?O?K*MCVS584S*+5*C1B3KR6^+;;`*=%:U9PYR87&_+?S[[E0

YBT7[!CJ%;+S



P$
M.A5#M4)IEC41

3

MM1R@XGY


CE$7/
M$4




M

;L*\_.]I`!



M!EMU#/4


M3S9BTD;$+F]NC\6ZG-6/$S\46=
Z3)P='35U29?H2\0P)FF]!S



!MHRBR#31`Q09*#U\<@UG


51'R*90$3+=;;E@QUOD)F7[&M4*Y-
31'R$FA
M3E=2J`4O9`DI%(XBS;R@AR]B07U2?+O?T)FF

MMCA^[HR95M!'+

M8

E1'R&Z0#+5:
+GO&.H5LA
QM
NX']4JC=;$T!RA

RJL8JAEJU']*T5JVZACJ&1K8U\A6$T-S






U0PUZM\$.&S5


#O-+A^@ZY*5NN_5

M+S;2`&5!3C3#
S3:AHJA.D(VR(F04;W5@BDPZ1CJ%4K3?&!?HUJE=DT
S1%R

MU4I@[DW#$+!GTS!`YA[QY39`9HU5#-4
-1$ROEJVZACJ&1K8U\A6$T-S!N6J









T7M2HR^(66F7,=&+5
M#M8X6.M@G8/U#C8XV.A@4\1SW+9)

77.$#.GGPWQH3+=8Y6&^PQ=7-79E'#
9$

M'3X/2AB^#TIE\8%0LL

%
DT/


MFJD[R$KN(&O`

M@&B$030J]'(#@H1!H6H+!0*&!1/XJ)ER415@_.(C;RRU;HD6VBIYOBZ3U(
M%

NT!
MAH%!C$

%))*-F(6L)S2;FYFY`LV8&;KP[P
6+:3GLK#2\S-

6=DB&IR:=DP/*M
MK%K7*W*Q
!R)1


Q50


9[#)5
MGQA(26+
0*;=+.9!Z2?9YXU\H@:9BKV;L&)Y=K$IKF88G5@6=MHGC$X`GUV%


M799$RXQ:VLYC6I9M&0'+D_EMNN0ONRJNO\%

T/Y_`*4`F7^$3!S!PKC&;%T9H3!BV7QHW:=HABO`.*9
M*L4P7E08@\.%
(2C.+ONB_90#=N7VJ790_F.+UH
MBD3/IBFI3$FMQNH)!6RXM(03<)PY0A#%.&,$P9PC!E
.4(0Q3AC!

M90C#E$,4X8P3!G
&4L5F@IT:ZK90R7
RUC:)Q'!44:`7E7



Y72\#L@Y00
MDT&HR2#D9!!Z
@A!&82B#$)2!J$I@Q50:C*(&1E$+HR&$SL%!6PF)7V1A$
M9Q
W8/8!S`UN
\K&8##H2AAD)0RJ$@918.FA$%2PJ`H814
.A)&.0D#&H2

&A)&+0D

KSIX@=;(S4C
(J1-H/18I&=1/=NH1ZC
(]1-H





M[12
L.R1!3K:Q4#$HO%W&

`Q%P
Q3:=`]VJ55!J4)@](!

9Y
@;.V\Q05L


7L'STHEU:4%@GA&&@`F8?M\
RB:!Y
P#&
M@4&
0P#1:VT.QH$-(3R#$)Y*0W@VA-0


6*ZKQC
KDP&


M;GCN3*WY=

FU1\N\=OVTO_])1L!I
=KKMA9M]5IZ/MZ_6[:%

A69D^WB?IF2
MS










@R4YT\3A4M9'Z/%U0U4;J\SC4
MM\'^Z7)HQD;:XI5#
S;2%H_#W-U@_W0YZ'DCFGG7$&AV(^WT.#3Q1NKS.%0E

W)3








VF]5^I\M[^7EU;R5

7C)^+V^^9@9O








&G[2[E\^S



?B6+;QYS!FZG5W=+F#D






[O



L
!
MYR'A





ZM_?BD`'
X#(CF




M
BV8UF4Z



#:9VF09





O

#:9VF09
XS(MF
YE

MTX+I7*8'T[O
`&9PF1'

M#:9VF09
XS(MF

MNTRW/`GI9:$]F-Y]#')8GI#TRHQ@1K?
!&9RF1G
[#)G










OK+W]\?O_VI['0Q]]?SV]N

?



H_0_5Z.&)1E_GZ3M.^\W;KV__]L/GQS]?8#&%


MWDG
&XZ9^8BU1J1U)56[B:)H(V@BZ/8(A@&\$N@GT$APB.$9PB.$=P









MFRQ16G##J&'4

=D16

=HSVC`Z
CHQ.C
Z
+@YYA=-VIJ:P


:&&T9[1CM

W0_^AE'+J&/4
QH8;1GM
M&.T9'1@=&9T8G1E='/(*I]V/4?B;$A39




MS9.\?W$]$80



MYN
+._.;63@!V4A%*4*OLZFP5AN\*2^A=8NO0Z$VL.Q86\BM/;!,Z]2L^-

MBREEKG514NEBPYNYH%N8:/H8WH!8:UC:B$UA\ULR6FJ[N1^'PNQVN7P(@[:1


MAOYJ8YL*:X29[K2

J\O/X/CY5U##L

@%YS(\P(U3+J3

EWGM.E6D)N:

B^5]F'?K




MQ$KRV@HSPZ:;PDIU?84-$QNK\_VL9V9WG)D)


M2#VTNI





[1WQ(MS%A*E`S,;MD
M5&ZN^4+</4OS36Z#(M[/S50'BL



[4%F<&RUBAL''3H;2JLJ;6J^LJ87V%#9[Y
M?MJ\5_OI;[#+G-C:Y5F1';C+5=RT:919=385U@@SRT[+J*N4[ML<$5]7VU^

M3#P
3D&X`#-Y5V$?LM:2_M%PG((;#9/CQ_G]\C9





MGZNHG.L5H0VCAE'+J&/4
QH8;1GM&.T9'1@=&9T8G1E='/(*ARQX4IBSW55&


MW7XN
0T;LA4GIHJP


Q=KO&J-.:GFZPUS!M
JVN;#0.,U-9,[&R=6^%V7U9I;I^
M*EJJ&R8V5N<[=5_3G_;'K;IBM*1J\DPXB

M\:V$&=29DN-Q3


MS7S@-%-0V-'&1W8E2D?ZAE'#J&74

]HP.C(Z

MQ*`1






E#

-
\8Q7?
MD83T)43KA_2V+J_S^)6PVGU-/A]F7S9
[TN-^KF$3J%;02H0GP23K8^5D1D^
MB;-F!KQ63&^#`8U8@O@Q'#I\&X

%


:WBC]5BD$I<.KN8!C._6EKB\N]5W:Y68;Q#WER5

MFPP&I3V&

F7M*M+J);R6,MP!,$83I
MD@`;IJ+*8`,QV$`,-A##<1@`S'80`PV$(
-Q&`#
=A`##80@PW$8(-EP8:T

6A.#)H3@^;$
MH#DQ:$X

AZ2GK5@6B\SD2
M3^



M7,Z9DN'CJ4,LMHQ22W=,!&O76Q=W5#1ZWZ52H\=1A/
F:K^W#LB*Y+78A1
M/=#U#






MQPS18U=EZ')*2TR7IX04^U
Z*1-FAB(
U]0'

M^I[K



ECF:ZP07+'
ENA
M.3%H3@R:$X/FQ*`Y
6A.#)H3@^;$H#DQ:$X
FA.#YL2@.3%H3@R:6Q8T3YEJ



L

M#EIPF5I1R42A5H:X?[):*8$P5_G\J)2
PUV]9B'E)`N7*M`DRK@\AK@\@3E[

;+TCXC(D:7AVT&ER(3^L=?
09A&N4ZJO#;IT
MSS&7^;R





_2G
#'UBL($8;`&&XC!
M!F*P@1AL(`8;B,$&8K!&&P@!AN(P09BL


)[[H/6^(=.$F5P.':=R):L-YJ;<TO1Y
MNFU/7_^:4J`W

MY87-WV]FU_/G\7-@1IYQ2/@/S





-Q&`#
M
=A`##80@PW$8`
QV$`


M@1AL(`8;B


MY#X?*/L=9K!AJDZG`VP@!AN(P09BL($8;`&&XC!!F*P@1AL(`8;B,$&8K#!
MLF!#VK)5;9]G+
A

M.!V4N&`'PQ6GA/:[KCAGP&Y?+9^_FZ=7`
S5E0


MHO:?4&*CK;GS$:KE/GUOQ?[SP^M_X6W1=_&-T?&3?-_CD7[IS_4UYVSS]%S7




$&8K!&&P@!ALLS:D



9H/8?-IZZ;'R`*K:=[:;7O

M
3A$#`X1@T/$X!`Q.$0

MFA.#YL2@.3%H3@R:$X/FQ*`Y
6A.#)H3@^;$H#DQ:$X
FEL6-$_WU*KF^6;K
M5^'


M$8-%Q&`1

_')O3=@T
M]L
-N0]!JK3.-A`##80@PW$8`
QV$`

M*]NCN7YIS]D@6R8W](EAZ!.#YL2@.3%H3@R:$X/FQ*`Y
6A.#)H3@^;$H#DQ
M:$X


M:*YZ1\G[$GMCS\&XRYC#'




M7R*S=V=A85;$LVXM:F8`'


FA.#
MYL2@.3%H3@R:$X/FQ*`Y

M:C@TA9E[!3$X1`P.$8-#Q.`0
3A$#`X1@T/$X!`Q.$0
#A&#0\3@$#$X9%EP
MZ-H.2C]@YA8GV4&Y64$



T


MA`##80@PW$8`
QV$`




(?

MV/GYDYGW4N*
1S.(8QC..H2AA7`DUG[\*C+!A7XK2S
(XAC*-68%P)M*V$
M4V(85^*T%1C'$

QJ5-8-4XV1VZ29B9-T[B
MO'$


*X$VE;02:,*W':HQC


#W
#)6D;6[4D
M[V_]S2\SE[.L%N$^#TND*$Z'5%18PA6,(0E`ITE'`A+&,(2AK$JH0E'`A+
M&

V\3VM^(G:06-
F]L*
MVRE[ILW]%=MXG6DAY0'#3&M'FLL).R9]H\3W'I*

3)[

BW
PW-D(O$^;D8B:=A3G$8(ZO?G$7\B



M'QGZ98T8_.#\(,A_*#2\(,8_.#\(
A_*#2\(
8_.#\(,A_+E@Q]IBUWU

M^%P8XC.$^+9T$#]MDZOBR_[9B2_

M:+=)RI;2R(:SIM?7YX%`!@#WZF[]2:MRQ^F.(P#$\?1L*]TF3$T
MRPQW#(
MM_H
^
;F


7J+!G

MF
=L6X)



#6Q
M6P6;#-[=L:5!O:_8ZMNU^K$*P59OVQ?AT7BQQJFR?/3'5OR_%RQ[^3YY1ZN
MVQ-G:.T5_[F&*_D.+4'KY/]-]ZS?'6^[9\6:G4*:0UV6+[T.[RNXK+?PNH\


M?(^
^`XBOL5&?

0WR
COH.(;[$1WS#$]\B([R#BM[$'\;4:CN+7M7
K?L&:





-SPR=CB('VWLP0^M8J
?(L;KZ!GK!Z`*=N([B/@%
M[
4W#/$]

MV%RK8[)!SJ3R';(Y#L;F`O<V&8?

M3SU%3+38F&@8)GJ*..8I8I'%QB+#L
A3Q(\9[`Y8N]B]^$]O[2Y
Q#`J5JS?

MWE=
F93-BJ$.']H0-?F/%6R2_Q2PSQ7[3AV^M.%J)C]7L&0R^*F5:NI

M.

0/BXT?

Q:PS4]&C]J@LM\A1\%[`8W

?6HY&/^;%:^='
M7=`NNWN'Z8
@4Z]9=$;\&GL!$;^`O?B&(;Y'1GP'$=]B([YAB.^1$=]!Q+?8

]3.+'[



M
K&G@/U891CV+)$U[&_XT/.P18M;2YB:`6Y98KAE&&XMD94!;W;WB64)4M/'
M.TL+[PS#NSGRMR='[%SU4RPLTUPL%,KW6AG60)WQZSZ9IZ33^QS&!WS%I#



^0U#?L.0WS#D-PSY#4-^PY#?
.0W#/D-0W[#D+_%!OFU



MFAN&YH:AN6%H;AB:&X;FAJ&Y86AN&)H;AN8M-FBN]6:C^0_-#77AVMI1L*%7

K#

APW#(


@P'#(

@R'#
.A


M88-AV&`8-AB&#89A@V'88!@V&(8-AF&#8=A@&#:T6&_#]NWU\[T73&&&)?.

M;



#0W#


M&#88A@V&88-AV&`8-AB&#89A@V'88!@V&(8-AF&#8=C08H
-6K-%&^;%7#?J
M%XSW:U1]:?J&T?0-0_
6&\J@54DL0UFN]$UAQI9#4\I@&&4PC#*TV%`&7:4W




MYXN



M


M%J.

!9#0VE4:AZN.Z4*-BR8;:37/7)-


Q]P#X$[&/`/@7L<\^

PZ(6&RS2M5!CT7T:U\NEQWNT*L9MS%5

#!

`P##`

(0W





MQY#Z9CR&IJW

MFYO9I*X-CQ[-JX*E;.7*8RT%!*N`:C512



-0R)VS
&8;IK4AIZ`0S\2#--B
!^JYV#E8&C[





:;'!'*W-&W.^


+T^K)E'




9.C@

M!+Y+X/L$?DC@QP1^2N#G!'Y)X



/PQ#'\
PQ_#\

?PS#'\/PQS#\
0Q_6JSX\\=_







M[F

Q/TC-Q2/DD
M/1.'E$_2+''(]23-$D=C?E*+3AQ9;91?:EODMU%^B2.KC?)+'%EME%_B=&.&


M5=NH?JGN5&VC^B6.JFU4O\11M8WJESBJME']$D?]-JI?XFB:&[7/Q-$^-VJ?

''5_4#G3?$$1
)@Y;5_(V<=1OI3$K<5B^
MDN^)V_

+-=8CR]Y$3YI33)BKZB=VIXFGI3B-)
'




_0$]'Z5G

MZ/DH/1.'E(_2


M#](SQ4/*!^F9./1\D)Z)0TKM7D=.'VPFS;BKJ`\W
_]%3A]K)K_(\?%NS2N1

]G3A_=)EZL@SZV3;S(
MZ:/;^!XY?7R;^2]R^N`V;2)R^M`V;2)R?
1:\U_D#N+X27




'
2QR9*5Y+')DI7DL<EBG-5XL_YIC1<YK-/\%SFL



MW'[%FHN?U

MD\IR$\=/XO8K75_S$[2FB(S7_`2.JG&NMHIK/.)Q!ITYJL:96^;(BC.WS%%.



M
W&4D_/W59Z+Q1TS1SF9XS)'.;D'*W.4D_NL



M5O^+'

Y=SNJ$VWE%+






]:\6(NUY
HK#LRAP6L_S*'
M+H^
NS%-Y&+O



S




#
MW3[6]`!SC
P)YA29
\PY






M_
-/__;K[[__^A_3GW__^LO__?J;0A/XK[_^^GO]AXGGC__]ZV__;WIIW)__
M1P````#__P



M[X^T3%L




^]]_




P_

$^K%+.GSKQ3I5]#M9O/%B!TX6YA^N

/^P:=]ZM6YH&72*ZK_U:IVBS%#R



MAZ`(01F*@1U&8AF(=@$8)E%8A6(=@$X)M'8AV(?@$()C$X?$3SMQJ`
M\/^1!HR_T8!KO:D#G2@&08

M0K`

P4D`K\$Q6E&##WMM'S?F\\1)]/$KOT&G
MC8^Y#;=.%[Y+U+JTC4XD(9(2R8CD1`HB)9&*2$UD1F1.9$%D261%9$UD0V1+
M9$=D3^1`Y$CD)(DG!=Q]2`IFQM+
WWC\-_ZX5T!9;;M?]Z[]EI]:IY?$T;JT


)&2
M$LF(Y$0*(B61BDA-9$9D3F1!9$ED161-9$-D2V1'9$_D0.1(Y2)U[Y8#6KM

2$ZD(%(2


TG\MF](T-W#97OKU'9W(@F1E$A&)=2$F)5$1J(C


S2ABEC#)&

T9+1@M&:T8K1EM&&T9[1CM&1T8

$H998QR1@6CDE'%J&8T8S1G


MFM&


YHQFC-:
%HR6C%:
]HPVC+:
M
=HS.C`Z

$B890RRACEC`I&):.*

%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z

M%(P0X8_&YLR1/QS$C!)&*:.

YHP6C):
5HS6C#:
MHQV
MC/:

MJ&)4
YHQFC-:
%HR6C%:
]HPVC+:
=HS.C`Z


%1@FCE%'&*&=4



FP7GR;TAH$VH9L@
M).R5
LH8Y8P*1B6CBE'-:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':
_HP.C(Z.0A7PS/
M[!Z:XPFA&&BK

9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':
]HP.C(Z.3AWPQF
T^30QV

M9%0QJAG-&

*1_V+8?#C4.:P\5EFNLX.BE<#

M8#+K[FL8L
*%C4

Y4RJVSSXZY07OASBW7#7YWPM)0LO
9+)$Q=EKV+LZ(&
MPU&PG9
)#Y==;ID(5#`J74J

M$2K891A9AGP=BA6WA-U2Y];KHF4*RULFM=:41.1:.K=AYU8IK':L=_;SJ\BL
MO#2MV169U%J#L_H+CL:$HH9)8Q2BT;=J),QRAD5'*MDKXI1[2&_N01G8W
M7L@HK7N%OZL8=U$4\6

.7;!J+3(

=&N%U3[SJ\=,
MJD7_<I/443/9EOW((;]ZAL$=-G)N7O78:((EUL^K'G;+E'YP@H.5SHWKWIL

523
E::ZP
M@L.5SDU44:6PVF=^M9DIL:8J._
6HS-F^N=^Z*U?KH?!VBNR;JA$-^S&+J4Y

MF(K77@9^K9NYME;K=J8N:]TBN03^L6TA%?%[):P6VI17T3+'$/MN1;+.6G!
MJ'0I1;3*,=2-BU9[2?V**;M[:#&TW
LT)0)6;@*CJR;Z'6QFI+E1Y/NM$V(

MJSJ;4K@E[):VT;K52::PG)





+
M?]NHO=!^Y9I9\#_H@6


T9S1@M&2T8K1





Q4<JV2OBE'M(5\E<ADC

PH892Z8.+H3^:8./J36R8/


M&K@5DW?<_](BOV[H%)%U\^K&IO3JIF'+749


M:S(0;FGK)O5DRR'J

U91\8W1N+Q_HR3F#@E'I@GFEI3PKYV8/`?3[


9PG+'Y&J'PY7.382K%%8[IJQV+LTL7--9,SM'
M%W3U/#V[^JL=1C&CA%%JD5C:9(QR1@7'*MFK8E1[R%=),MONQK/OLWICO.8



+E-PRN=SA:*5+


-R'L&Y2.XP21JD:GWI+

T9S1@M&2T8K1FM&&T9;


MQFC.:
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z


T9[1@M&2T8K1FM&&T9;1CM&=T
M8'1D=/*0+P:YHI1BX)7CE5LYBF&`4
T8'1D=&)P_Y+6\6Q-I<U/!@4MX@S'FZ88/]EVU7MTP
M0AAKY11QBAG5#`J&56,:D8S1G-&T9+1BM&:T8;1EM&.T9[1@=&1T8G#_EB

6
$D8IHXQ1SJA@5#*J&-6
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
M-HRVC':
]HP.C(Z

2D85

M7F#1`%




7-@I^P:N%FROQ3&%S

MEY;95172$E
I]47








MH4`+12DA-PH)N7%J#(0

0B$&/1!\:`/\H

MMX+@]P4HSOF]..I#A506J%!-&R[&H4SK9R]_/`[??@2A4G@(E1B$^J8L(5[G

@G-^@&U!T=`-BZ`8NDE?:
M



B((T(Y
F*@
M'
CRQ4E;\(A:'Y_K8^4T3+0SQEEB$`XQZ(88=$

NB$&V1#:HA!-,0@&F+0
M##%(AA@D0PR2(0;%$(-@B$$OQ*`78I`+,:B%&-1#&HA!K$0@U8D[2@5EJ
MI;L=&T

[N7WSLA23-_YJ]^\N^\'R

ML%IA
X7-%;90V%)A*X6M%;91V%9A.X7M%790V%%A)Y\%FC#;.&)YVZJR[S9]


9$<,VB<&[1.#]HE!^\2@?6+0/C%H
MGQBT3PS:)P;M$X/VB4'[Q*!]8M`^,6B?&+1/#-HG!NT3@_:)0?O$H'UBT+YD
M@2;,C$C51#-5\K7?,&\7XOHBV!V'3%HWM]Z!3(A!)L0@$V*03'(A!AD0@PR
M(0:9$(-

FB`&34C6:.+CXY?;VZ?X
MYNGFTT_?;A_^N(UNOWY]?/?Y_J_O6'T


-T`R9I7XI`%B09J



M-+_T)[^HK8:&5G


&0;=H'&D_.^(=LP


#;\H=G

CEO/[/-_&8R

$?F@V[JN
)_M!LV%T=3_'9L,NZWB/S0;=EO'




HLP;0UV/0*

2JQ:\57IBWGW
M:?!RZ8EY!3);\#[IB7D1


=^(8TL-B_E2'%OP63:40.T_L)BOIW&:
M*:)-U6CX

[;^)8U%*+-E?$=:J31+.D8
M8^)8N](2EEJU3%'JJ5KJ)9(M<2PQ*HE@251+2DLJ6K)8
E42PY+KEH*6`K5
MDHTQLQNK(RPLN6HI8E42PE+J5HJ6K54L-2JY9BA!GD2!M'2U@JU5+#4JN6

MEA*62K74L-2J98IZFZKU%L$2J988EEBU)+`DJB6%)5
M.2SY

MNE8M)2RE:JE@J51+#4NM6J:HMZE:;Q$LD6J)88E52P)+HEI26#+5
D79IFK9
M(E@BU1+#$JN6!)9$M:2PI*HE@R53+=$(?6&DC:

:8GX]U&8!)2RU:IFB
M#J9J'42P1*HEAB56+0DLB6I)84E52P9+UE@^MLW]^.FG'S=_W
YN'OZX^_[X

M[^^?W'\PL?[X]_W#G^=#69_^7P````#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!\#5I?


MN69Z-6'43CC
^YU1_VST/_8QH)A*9]`_/RWFHP^#/S&#=XW.BG4\C;5HF%EL

!#T(?1#Z(?9#X(/5!YH/<!X4/2@LX7D/HD]<FPS;:C!CKN!-M



UF9M






MF
L4EEO



;!45EEC
\LW4VV*D

MMZ.1YXU-IR6M#QB%';)K](XYHDY+;
6


6



DA!PR:W+0I%

0M7&



M-@@?G2

M[^%M[]:-FK5=WS`*&(6
(D8QHX11RBACE#




I+!8V[


1_M2;]*R3B]M65=OUK*N;-ZR
MKFPAS*JW%%;7ZWK3RP9IR?&VSA/.$@5UH;QFM&$4
`H918QB1@FCE%'&*&=4
M




M)?

23*%I#K.)LD

M)4C`EB9)8`ER+GA$D^`G@9]5OV.HU)'0*GZ9IB4FC]/EY\1I=PD'+,L3=K/
M$IRBH`Y-LD(W5FHWUI8/(^M;2#9J!(DZDN3\W&9$!*3^;$$*?K2Y'\LB2$Q








%6$=59[`(`ZT5N/E^)`D^`!S-(\

P_%X
MD7\@G`;M?PWQZ?\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#E!E;.;`(``)`%```9


M6^#&N6Y)B&4-E]2.=



ME]L


M/

MT0+#@@&?!?2TSK-L14Y0!KO$;$

/&-
&B





M5UJ[UP\0)O%?NOX'``#__P

HH```9


<_QJT?&UKL!)H*_BIK83KF]7&
M_T?
!)J(_AI7/FTTZ76QT^MOYGZ_


?@OZ


I(QDC-2
%(R4MF$N(^M7)@0


U(P4C)2V81$
MY*
F$T+J


9
MF(ZLO]'U*9YIMIE0KA%V-V.M&%M.ULJ134TK8HT&H\YT(9CAJ
=*
7W%N/_U

M-*8Z&+V

M[^1?:6D8VQ4Q1&-7M8


M@U%5@Q#


VN1YAP55DLUD]NM
M[UQ)2TO#V*Z((1)\(!=&/::%D4%V3AIFYZ3`

%T+(46$6:TFCDDD<]-3LW%HV<G'3ODZ:A

M
]9AJ1%)3%/U3&=^:EI:R9II1N(;FEJH

M



Y/+D&)


$U![Y)



M=/!%!F


'9E&=?Q






M?+&Z!@^F44?ELQ7F43'HCZ]5F.)8'&H=4-;^/@BDP2-IU'Y;#UY2`SZXVOU
MI`6]:RC:;2ONF;OIG_I

5YBJ$*BQ4B%18JAKD*B0JII






0'4!F('.0$&0!$H$L06*0!0%

@:Q01P0%\0#F8!
07R0`&0&



M5Y`1R!C$!G%`7!`/9`(R!?%!`I`9R!PD!%F`1!+D!@D`4E!,I5*%(T::E!
MC.;E+MJD)21^*X[WT6P+.=%*#WY1IY\#:M,54\&&8/8(`Z(^*!3$F(#Y(
M`#(#F8.$(`N0&0)$H

M-TV\2P[8;3)U;J4K]Y6N7.?B&XZ0QD@VDH/D(GE($Z0IDH\4(
V0YD@AT@(I

M-$&:(OE(`=(
:8X4(BV0(J0E4HR4(*5(&=)*(CG







8RO9




M7)K0'VTAF]A







M[
[H]'K*B.ICV0'2[%.[F\N[
WH=4YF?A5CT`BGZU-Z6?&_BC-#L*`^-8BP^



B3V416+8Q&.(O+%



YBUUA
H=F;Q:ZTF$(38(M-+C%YL$6
MFV)@DV'+3;3P!2:`EMLOH$I-/.UV*P#4V@;+&Y!Z8,*&6@3:$;8O-NG`;
MNG^P1MH4NHVPV`P



M9W


/J*C_;Q<;]KDG;WX]`<+[V34_.RO2#^






V7&H3;KK_XU8:K#P.$M-/'

KUA
!N4U<4'J@LP%N0L*%Y0N


9(SDC!2
E(

)(RDC&2
U(P4C)2


M1DI&*D9JDUA]5)67U

M48M\I1QE(S)]!?8ZF8]:Y*O@J!S1Z




NRPQ30RU8

S+]Z?*@*T1SX/4(
M3X!BB#VM%8S[XT1@*;'%6!)GQ`S;7&`%L?G81DG
L*T$5A/KV[43HFI!(R'#
B0J]IR


Y=_0^T#;[FA

^:+&$H&EFAFFF:6ZS@
MIJ6@5@FLMDSM;K]3@_N\!M?(FFN\.1LXVE!-;\/`80M$0OZA1OE*!X;%8S#E

MUC)JE(0L#982

K*=PT%TP+


K[:0V/HJ$]##/T.-)-=L8IT:#
MVFB:#VPT+;AI.:B-IM7`1M/:



M.6-82!(4T'CXD@3U
9Z-)
'&


MB%J2X%`$44L2'(
@:DD2H3^1V)\8$G6JQ2/`F2&BEB09).HTB]O@%!!12Y(2
M$G6*Q6WPQ0%1RR
$;R/.5[D-SM`1M23!$3FBEB09).KPEWO#03BBEB0X#T?4




MYR!J28)+.J&Z;

MBUKP)KV+N(8%;Y($EZS@K9/
AN#PIS^OVZ?FG]O3T_YXGKPTCRCTYMT-O%/_

M_P


X$GU?8/_!\+MCD=0UZ/2@*8O:`7:!Q6(OSVY'





?



M\JZH

)WY3J1OA/XG.GD':+R1/CT1`'_


MLHYOKQM[2(3]])3YV?E9A






MF[)BNAQ@W`1=R1&&RJHJHXR.





MWIJZJGG:7#M*&R;4A:H$RQHG&$RHZB9K**%'!)(TV`QG)-DHE92S*]`.XB3)

E&J221LS1HAW&:



MJ&U].Q;FNG4

MAFY0E1=



WT]$H=+5
MAGR#KT?
$57-#5HG.
7X2!RF*)DWZC&'B)/4GH1B'
/
EA2L4^U!;EB9%4Q]
MZ]M1


WUKUF$
E0OG-U*:T898^/F_:@YPTH:1@9T7K`5B;
MZ]=15

H=*L=9B679(]YRSP\A

M6TP@ME.W$1(VPDV
W1U$1)()D9NDOH(`1)5.&-;1'4'CXFCV!GG4K)UH^UC
MY6@^5T+4\*'SD?K(?9.99JUC$W)AG=4Y(*-U?U21X9V5&:PO]
+ZG_6#YTG
MZREF*L%9#5KHK+RT=W



$R
SKK/C7R+@B=-6!5/V]C,CU.V^6@/
M\DM0YOS@;ST`Y2U&[,6N1'+0Q/:X#\?(G+S8F,BC1BALNVK&`'%#ICW(RX+'
M0CE_.M%Z!:&/1#XO!FKD)`
&TF5B0W'%*5ROJ2MK'




MQQ0JDGJ71.2

3$R/


CC_^):3V



'2[(EM#*=%UR1KDL;QE$@J%`X
2_
1



D

M9?HO6?X/``#__P






?&W;;X+F3V(1
M7WDQ6#OI

15*!K%5$/ZI




60MA*(H8B
M@2*%(KL*
0=?
3(WS(VMQ6WKG;LF*Y?FYNJVF4P=ZFO;V/E.RZ*H^-`;CYO9
MIF@FV;3I?88T;G?1)-L17MO&MJ.[DXF@B*%(H$BAR*#(H2B@**&HH*A-0LLM

G/VDMY]A*I=CFMR:HK(R@[I-W&_\N3`3S!)
M

DQJ3IC43/K2@9W)R9^]S*4H)VYTIO/0-1
^-C6^;.]4GVPKYY
M
CM13\1U;1`A[ILG(R28I)ADF.28%)B4F%28U$:BYU?4
&[RVY7\;JZ\HDQ)

M:U)

DQR3`I
2DPJ3&HCT7
LBAYC0UD60_2A3$9AP!_`PJ$LB9J3N:YEKVG)
M(\)A8DP23%)

DQR3`I
2DPJ3&HCT1
MRB!CB9;E$3W1Y*H;
(E4%GW'\P:C
M^5IE$;
KVR4]):(!7)N(6`G#6$\P23')

DQ*3`I
:DPJ8U$S[`HD8QE6)9.


MJE`1V0-X?BUW[=*[X`C'B3%)
$DQR3#)
2DP*3&I
*F-1

95J646XS
M/7ANQ*11672LU8H6


$DQ23#)

*D]I(]#Q/U+KLL5H7??*D
MD$JBZ[KDFALJ8.@($28Q^C4)CI%BDF&28U)@4F)285(;B9[CB2J7/:QR

MKP4*&5(8*B*[P=)U&?VN082#Q)@DF*289)CDF!28E)A4F-1&HJ69?P%D=&K=

U$`AF4/^URIDZAVJ]O&I-5V9]*&X7WEZ:HU)BDF&28Y)@4F)285)



2DPJ3
MVDCT)/

LHQB3#$FL?HTA2H*V)
4Q
DQR
M3`I
2DPJ3&HCT7

7=ID0))
MJ(0A^Q$F
28)W)04!\DPR3$I
DQJ3IC43/-BERT7*F
U+L&CQ[4LB0RU`1


%)

DQR3`I
2


MA9P+(APGQB3!)
4DPR3'I
DQ*31+P26N1I/`4RT_*5S_+=L8?F]-*$S=O;

M+0_9)AQ;'K%--+8\9AO^LM%A_(1M^#M'A\M3MN&O'N7+%_T.\!=8OV]?FGI[

M/GMNV\OU/^(7]&\Y?_P+``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!N27%4(`@``(\I
&ULE)I;<^*X%H7?IVK^`\5[


?F_W7EW*XS\8DU5HI)14PF\-I6P^8!-
MG!FOH\


+:3#9%^`?=(X^.T-'

MXO6ZNN#I@J\+@2Z$NA#I0JP+B2ZDNIAT'H:]5ER)/!9-BUA
TLVQIB-MIZ
M[


M[5;6@NE*&PG
P47!FH.'!%I\%*R6``FTAA8+1%)Q21D$1*$ID@FK27^GHG
MQPKX2+Z9Z(N`3=M]LUPR2]2P[&Y'C=

M^A8+0$2:`E1L%HBDHA)(B&)E0R0301PP?B7%OYY@HP=L83;:VW48#ILCWA
M*T

MWWJGN@`B&(Q+FSR)H
F7BC7-0)HJ5B-44T$M-(0B
IC60TDM/(IA-1NP`
MW787D+
]U_75G3';ZAS].@;@,%6L@GD30Y$O%:@HD@J90*E931
QC20T
MDM)(UBXHI]H\WDNJZ@_#9;:5+Q1BC^_4JMI\VV:UH7:8OM&W6NU[XNK/FO









M+GAM;)3=6Y/;-H+V\?NWZOT.+M_';O6Y4TFVQBU1I
ZD*$JZ]#B=V#6Q.^5V

W9



M\/'#'Y\?OGSK*_GZ\-O[;SK_IX^??G]RM7W^\)+J/K__^I\_?O_NP^/GWU7%

M?_GV1M6][4^4UWSW]NZM:OKIAY\_Z0K
R_[JZ\



MOW]]^OG;1_WKYLW5S=G%X/SJ]:M_/SQ]*SZ9?5^_^O#'T[?'SUM;R%;55W)N



%(8^63X5+SYCEX6!#\/%

M_S$#BOT_RH`I;S+@6N^=`Q^*\Z3!70FWRS%40I%N
4RA2J%8I3%.8I3!/
M89'

*2$59`*90F:0.60!64)6D!K20-:0%K*!

P@^UB)M?L+=?DAN,FMQ*\
MI2%#R`A20,:0$E)!)I`I9`:90Q:0)60%J2$-9`UI(1M(!]E=I!]*%'[ZBT:


$[S7+Y/W^K'0\;T.&4$*R!A20BK(!#*%
X*E
MO6/+&T]:WM)UT/(AQ?6:586@WD/W<G[UYLJO$?;K#IH3NB]
GYW:AD?O*4HV:&B6^'6.0:D1J2-226I
M(DU(4]*

_0=+G*AW9T
M-(5I#&I)%6D6E*FI'FI`5I25J1:E)#6I-:TH;4D;:D'6D?41P&<S^?X.]



QT


MLN-X=G[F9W'Q8


MY4_
S\XY/W
4S
\BBNJ]2.9G7$D_E(BG3([L3W]4,YN3D8V/_[%)W!BIG;!
MF9JC8*9&&I)&I((T)I6DBC0A34DSTIRT(U)*U)-:DAK4DO:D#K2EK0C[2.*
K23XOMYFBHN_?B
1'-5.NS)W\A9V*!7
X1^%(APG;D*5&I((T)I6D

:D!6E)6I%J4D-:DUK2AM21MJ0=:1]1W/(GYF*7G(M92B;F_ODSF[M^
MQ_#35;_C\4Z&5)#&I))4D2:D*6E&FI,6I5I1:I)#6E-:DD;4D?:DG:D?41Q
M&)+IV6$!9W#UYL8_AGO)F9JEZ[!'Z$L%-&2I$:D@C4DEJ2)-2%/2C#0G+4A+

M49#&I))4D2:D*6E&FI
6I5I1:I)#6E-:DD;4D?:DG:D?41Q&)(ECER/P-6.
MRY[T]@_GO/[)+IN+8RG7XD._HZ,1J2-226I(DU(4]*


M!^7$DN
5EQPMA6OGI%I1I(8U))JD@3TI0T(\U)]*2M+5I(:T)K6D#:DC
M;4D[TCZBN.5/+#E>


MQQT=C5BJ((U)):DB34A3THPT)RU(2]**5)


:TIK4DC:DCK0E


MT5'-?7ENI#MX/-(Y\L/:/6E(&I$*TIA4DBK2A#0ES4ASTH*T)*U(-:DAK4DM
M:4/J2%O2CK2/*&[YW/SN^9'.?`R01-&2.4PPTOFP]8M!OI0;UH:D$:D@C4DE


M2&M22]J0.M*6M/M(XK#D,S)W8-EUYR)6PKN;N])0]*(5)#&I))4D2:D*6E&
MFI,6I5I1:I)#6E-:DD;4D?:DG:D?41QRY]8#+FV*Q_!ER

F+E=<^;FR(]4]Z0A:40J2&-22:I(

9^E$RY=R
M(]60-(5I#&I)%6D6E*FI'FI`5I25J1:E)#6I-:TH;4D;:D'6D?41R&$]/M







M:4::DQ:D)6E%JDD-:4UJ21M21]J2=J1]1'$8DF60S-.]-UP1L:3/B5R+WY.&
MI!&I((U)):DB34A3THPT)RU(2]**5)
:TIK4DC:DCK0E[4C[B.(0G%C^N.'R

M*4]#THA4D
:DDE21)J0I:4::DQ:D)6E%JDD-:4UJ21M21]J2=J1]1%&2;Y/E
MCQ=
@@^[)*'H%TN282]]8L_N&(QQ0]*(5)#&I))4D2:D*6E&FI



M&7.?DE21)J[F

)AD'O_K
`A!T.[HTJY



2I5:DFM2PKC5+M:0-J6-=6Y;:


:N^W/'JOTI=RQ*AYK0IKZ'9^YE)DOY:J?LZZ%*V4O)?C#/WB
MI-O^[*6L?EWK)K':DAKO^


M_
;97;_*&_[E*TOF;T\$/4_29]S;4N87)8-2Z)_ZZE7*I6CDJO=4N+K.#W/M

M]EI6OI0[6
V#-:2UVS%NO:1=6E_*5;\A=9[
$LQW%S?)2L#6%7CV6G:^E#O8
MWE)_$Q






[-#VMWV%HZUKIQ^@]?UA7J+].7T$YO.



@%3)F#*
M!$R9@D3,&4IDS`E`F8
@%3)F#*!$R9@D3,&4IDR$EF3BQ&+XX(RKX4?S
M;:U

@%3)F#*!$R9@D3,&4IDS`E`F8
@%3)F#*!$R9@D3,&4
MIDS`E`F8

&4
MIDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*!$R9@D3
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*!$R9@D3

M\5=5+_V:97+L9$'+7Q=7K@9GUOR0J
/!E'68L@Y3UF'*.DQ9ARGK
&4=IJS#
ME'68L@Y3UF'*.DQ9ARGK

M2*98UN)A\C)9BKT?^&)NYC3


MR@1
F8`I$S!E`J9
P)0)F#(!4R9@R@1
F8`I$[`Z8\H$RBD3


8$I)C#%

49@R`5
F8
H$3)F`
M*1
P90*F3
49@R`5
F8
H$3)F`*1
P90*F3
49@R`5
F8
I$:$DFS+P]
MFPD[H8\RT5O2=20/Z2LFQV*NFU!
8(H)3#&!*28PQ02FF
`4$YAB`E-
8(H)
M3#&!*28PQ02FF
`4$YAB`E-
8(H)3#&!*28PQ02FF(26Q
3
V[

M6ZOKZV8BL3
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*!$R9@D3
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*
M!$R9@D3
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*1&A))LR\/9N)?D(?9\):.#D?A);4?6KB
M/\A,_)VYR3D[I'ZG9'+NG[M.CGUJ86061AP%@V3MIPW91VFK
.4=9BR#E/6



M:$DFS+P]FW4[H8_ZO]Z283)]LGLP.!9S7:=B`E-
8(H)3#&!*28PQ02FF
`4
M$YAB`E-
8(H)3#&!*28PQ02FF
`4$YAB`E-
8(H)3#&!*28PQ22T.;GI]9P
M#AN2-1QGOINX']&&1MEK
C8.&-EQJJ
33(VS=@L8_.
+3*VS-@J8W7&FHRM
M
]9F;).Q+F/;C.TRMH\MR829MP==Q^&1BN=_HGU@1JKTJ0IK2:^2?D7`[:IB
MOE?QNSI3@OI#!.64()@2!%.8$H03`F*4$P)0BF!
&4()@2!%.8$H03`F
M*4$P)0BF!


P90*F3
49@R`5
F8
H$3)F`*1
P90*F3
49@R`5
F8
H$
M3)F`*1
P90*F3(269
)

M)F#*!$R9@D3,&4IDS`E`F8
@%3)F#*!$R9@D3,&4IDS`E`F8
@%3)F#*

$4(I@C!%&8(@13A&*$$P1@BE,$4(I@C!%&8(@13
MA&*$$P1@BEH241.C4)U4^E
R;6HFX%IDS`U*W`E`F8
@%3)F#*!$R9@D3
M,&4IDS`E`F8
@%3)F#*!$R9@D3,&4IDS`E`F8
@%3)F#*1&A))I+%@Y=U
M*YF%!?

=2&*T'%79XH03!&*4(P10BF
$4(9@B!%.$8(H0
M3!&*4(P10BF
$4(9@B!%.$8(H03!&*4(P10BF(661
@L!00CTW&]4[??


8$I)C#%!*:8P!03F&(4TQ@B@E,,8$I)C#%
M!*:8P!03F&(4TQ@B@E

8$I)J$E
3'S_6Q
^H6`.;AXH#K.F#*!$R9@D3
M
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*!$R9@D3
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*!$R9@D3
&4
MIDS`E(G0DDR8^7XV$_U0)P):^&D_B*TI.Y3P;FQ]@Q4;+F)O7X[-;N%$_J
MK_SC3/&Q]?W]_'4=-B0+L[\D'@_H`TS-LI8D;%QQLJ
51F;9&R:L5G&YAE;
M9&R9L57&ZHPU&5MGK


&4()@2!%.8$H03`F*4$P
M)0BF!

MR@1
F8`I$S!E`J9
P)0)F#(!4R9@R@1
F8`I$S!E`J9
P)0)F#(!4R9@R@1
MF8`I$S!E`J9
P)2)T))


MK


.4

&4()@2
M!%.8$H03`F*4$P)0BF!
&4()@2!%.8$H03`F*4$P)0BF!

0GG+:Y7@2D3
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*!$R9
M@D3
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*!$R9@D3
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)D)+,G%J#FI^
M\1MW5;T%=U`:V&#*!$R9@D3
&4IDS`E`F8,@%3)F#*!$R9@D3
&4IDS`
ME`F8,@%3)F#*!$R9@D3
J=A2L4
MM.&`-LI8D;%QQLJ,51F;9&R:L5G&YAE;9&R9L57&ZHPU&5MGK,W8)F-=QK89
MVV5L'UN23/-#+QHL\'K_JY231R6DN6*)C8?M?H!LOOZJ:MBA#**4(P10BF
M
$4(9@B!%.$8(H03!&*4(P10BF
$4(9@B!%.$8(H03!&*4(P10BF
$4

@%3)F#*!$R9
M@D3,&4IDS`E`F8

MQ=R0J)C`%!.88@)33&*4PQ@2DF

4$IIC`%!.88@)33&*4PQ@2DF

4$



?*_^




M[Q5FMYG71=\ORVV[

?3=Z:RV\SQ]$6+[#:3
SUPG]UV:;8=_@8*7K/!G;;I







N=3W]GQ=/K]0

W-GMZ

D(I@E&4$4X1C**



A2R@I925DC:RD-LI$2D2BE+C_P.:HW-4B4TB*=

B*3E!E)4NKR/=]-G1TT2)32
M(IV4'AFDC
@D94:2E\E)PEZ@
3
DG9(3LI
S)+N45NI20D2;E&KJ7T2_E
M!KF1,B#EVRE3(BHY0-LI$2D2CE$KF4TB*MEOD2DJ'=%(JI))2([64);*4





M!\&-(4Y\4H/RILP7R]6//*RH(3Y_RL


P0W1HAQ]C
1


QJQ57J466




8*T@G2]#%AH648
M&4HB!LPC\A*A42-1$:B5J).HIXA[K6MH


T'+8_)=9521U



KU9E8KQG

H-.P]&AIR








7#'5KA8ZQ(^.Z6

0W5U7B

MK

MWE*NO(38J

6YE(LS(39RG%:TM#2D

K2:HA+YQ3]-R9Q=3N=R4;HV-

M@,TZI-@GCF]T%?V`7.G25=G:Q.-6DE79V

DW



R
*W$L
X2BXZ2%0(U$1J)6






G([








M2@PD]I:%E.#^R*95);@SLK%W+F0;7!:!UYIDFV.6X%J4;%-#8F]:20FNB.$Y

)+.Q@N-WTJ^[SX=_

M[.%TNOH_\.C9^&/ZN_\#``#__P




Z_'(?3



P


5R]T:D_WX`D_X=W8\

QG^R^7ZWC\GQ/:D*-QY8WQ-QK?



N`$G\66Q!(YBH'-`)
M0&+#(OY
;$8=%4=2N:;!=$ZG1#9BOI=4I8\J
6&Z!0A(:..?B9DHXY00)B
M.-5F0P/JO-)[


M(9&`+(1(#$HC\8CC#U/O/4

R-%59#4U:


T.4-H36EBD)[&@A:-U+#E
M%&E

-#
MR\0Y@U3)($T@XKRB!&Q+MFPM!5Z?#_O/W8B^6
93KU6GQ.RAS92D/D!(3-)5


T0F=-JNK[)&O]UHEFJ-Y)BRKHD7)
MY)7O1X=2F(KVAB`Z0'05#;




M=%?N`+:N9\^]XZ


M2G2F#+GAI44TGR$ZD^#=%#A!
EO2FFF/:8X)_0))_]
B]E!61-GL^V`8



M?N@-+6XGD.*0YI`Q'E+&9WMHVR#6W5:KAY*KVPA/3%1:N+[$BL)JV02DT@






+QYE6IFD+9R7DF)N4D?SY/RK@F6





F
69.
M]U83TT#

7BZS_?CEA*FN


S/$8(8Y45)):KF4T-B6U63(+9N`N?

910W*%LE
M2C0DYCYB+JI

7?HW`:W^_`C

M@5



`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0L*K@-@8``


DP-#Z&R1



0C4$\!LD`6!#;*T8B_(QB9LX4B\EZ`L@0
M3$?ZA(7HXH]!
`;A&$1C$(]!














MYU;8)VP)E_/%*`U]:2`\!QS-I8:0HDAV;)-C



#9;-EW#3D:Q#2](PU+%&\J2)92!%

M_40930T&JR=D
'ZXXKS\D
OKV1U2@M2AE=S=/K=:RVP.!))I$7*DA(#XBD5'

E=TXOC$W78MG3]#2[HI14J#&P@QTRX\27UT+1YBX&EC

M\0
2K?Y+_.X_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`P%[:;D\)``#Y)0``&0``


RYX;6R46MMNXS@2?5]@_\'P^\2ZV+(M





M'8[73GD[[W_%W7EW^_IQ_6W?GJ]P\7(\'?L_!Z?SV7D?U^^7]K9[.8'W=W^Y
MVRO?PQ_

M



M`J6
)#+N0F+Y2!F2
21G2


H92818V(8DC$D9TC!D)(A%4-J$R'A8UMS




)=(

AX.%06'2L-2Y+P?;(.E%4%EZCO-7%%!T#T`XX!D&V


Z#285DYL)IXHVQ$!^%@
M
S86I#HE)!+=J$YK

5T;M?^=D/S

MWBPI2.2Y
\<@#*@T+,5LKGTOLDO34%'.:^*<
M\J=MT,\:YHW1PHB):O4IC+.E!XNE55<N<3*4$*1'2W%OE\%83;Y2E:'KX



OG)


M



M=L(EVX1@4N#1%9X9(D08C87/.


5
M(`Z@B

0)3MQ\%G#7$8O3/I?@
M-B

IJXQ

3J#9*$3&[_'














M2*_4/Q!%D5*12I%:D4:3D1$$9+&*G%



M@&81L6%)RXGA39OTL^298]*C]C05-0R&:S5Q)BU1EB34;K]?XBR3_:N+!I
MX%$TN)3A_]OTF







54S


M&ZP@-AWT2L_8


SX]-:J
EK7!&M%41F/70#AU##=-C^0YR2PH;S*OQ3(LUZC0J/0(
M)SKT#JM56O4"1CL\L;=U87%`2$W%/OCR)TM4YJ[@5A4)L%.W?.UB6PK
5
M'G_?
KX-\KST6JC8J&'%C`TMDUEX_L?4J&GS49]RL%RQH]=I/$@U6!YA&/M0




G$TM5FJ06)%98HCU8;Z'CY*K$Y+)!9Y*Y

M4PZ6*W2

M08WZ;+P?[_8IQ\H5:L-8?5@Q^+J.CZ%'
N'FP4*38;?OIC628)B=\V`USYD:
M!53T#%M$W]28GET/(N/L3H/EL^X[&

NA9-J!;M%^*L

M].





!




UDW$\_7!U#=!
@&`;S_YU_/



;\@Z[C/0OEY]/GRY_^/I_%_''^GA



B&J?O]ZK+S\

M__PX#V[7[V_^Q-WZH)6V@I*KL3


I&X`7::!B3O0\B'\0^2'R0


M^!BUO/M^-ZJ



*23FG&?



DB].8T]S!_%=D9K


M



MEJW`.L?4#;4J8Z50Z_+6#K5&SG/DSJN/=G.MI9\CBV`Y\U3VEHK)3Z29-3C%



M


K1@

P=WOGS5CNM);JHJ


&T+$*&:4
$H998QR1@6C
MDE'%J&;4



MZ?


%IO

WFZP-6JF04QES[TI
M_LYXYW46(XI#\]<IO6J&+'MBE@S9YV`T;/78QLFEN*-;-+8L%=.II.4U79
MR9W.;LK!'?E:#JYJT8VN:O972.X:T?3R5TWLMZ=V^\NU&P+KMD


MVO@K'$I+Q3BOV%/-J+$LE?/EW=)?[]U:*L9YYWAR$^

+)8)E*K!


\LT9I0(EJG`

5P-#


381W@.8J&1\QS1S
K!WNA9+-+
2D+
*!$L
M4X%E;)HS*@3+4F`5F]:
&L&R%5CGF#JA5@\%:3CJN3OSH!'FVDT*=QKA'X/V

M2%@G
.J-ZP2\:FUO:9C
1)K9MSNCQ+)4G7GVSE^ED%H:QG?&CG)&A66I??N#



M6)8J]BT9M0(EJW`.L?4#;4J;X6B`3M/:#`:T'JZAW=:RT)[1A&CF%'*&64
M

41X..QE.)SC^?#Z];`[/#V=KAZ.?[S@

I7R+8`U)_QW4ERQ7YK`<3X)Q*52=@MO'\!2J?L`2#$&AZ@TL

&@@VN3)%M(MJ($0WZX%R48UD
UBG`[&-W#6)1@D`_5
M^
$V&



_=.YAZ0]PD6;7$#=)@DDVQ$V28*X-<9

MP00^XB9)
(^/N$D23-4C;I($G]+@37KXX(M:J#[B\'V`CVAH1Y+@TQG:D21;
M7


P/U9IOML'B





53;Z-@&


U\!SF!`W*3G#XYB0-PD



O








!/M6`^/86T_9B






M;O=^^_



'_\
M\A
L\+##(Y@__OUG0




M'^JMU7HK&Y/*E`TB

MB1=CO)^U&!OLQW@DR^O5U*/O&.T9Q8P21BFCC%'.J&!4
JH8U8P:1BVCCE'O
M(2^^&*9H\378C^](5B*\1/9$8B()D91(1B0G4A`IB51$:B(-D99(1Z27Q(NG
MF16*
WOVR.ZU,4T^C#J?IQ'<KV<XVP)BIQZX\O-M=\9[R<E
MUQG'1!(B*9&,2$ZD(%(2J8C41!HB+9&.2^)%_H%IM):71ZX'V2'
.MQ\=I9


W'D]L

M\\-MIH%:N.WT4(;;S1@Q2IQ:5%B5=@NK=7XY-*B+JXM-4-OV0L5U#;%EHK]


83E[*QB5BF6EL)I-&T:M8MDIK/=




M=M0P:H7EZ#OL/3NAX7SWGB
_;:]

M


&K)

83E[*QB5
MBF6EL)I-&T:M8MDIK/=

/1J9N[N@Y6+'=6R[S$)BUTAG.7X3_**].A)4^'+/*V^!6V







3LON[UPL+Q;!R;]4'%=
M0VP9GM2AA%$J+



2L6R4EC-I@VC5K'L%-9[IGZH7YGTKWC2[Q`:_?QV#'?R=D[+




ZF!:-2L:P45K-IPZA5+#N%]9ZI%VI3X;50





NG0GE'
*&%?*6MEC')&!?LJ6:MB5#-J

UO9PV4FMDS4[811
M*BQ-8SY_%YY2R(2&\YVSHX)1*2RM;^J$7`3F24;-CAI&+?D.#PMV0L,]=^\Y
M\M/VRN1_S9-_A[P^R*KA,)0K;#_IS2RVS$O*:I0JEAFLO96\&H5PKA=5L


MJHAC\IR`PF++O*2

MTH!+?:B%C.ARKM8[JR70GE'
*&&4
LH8Y8P*1B6CBE'-J&'4
NH8F4N03+S&




M8`?)7I5@GP;YT9X:VS7(CR;!K@WRHTFP
&\<-NZ/(MB;!GBBRK4FPRPZ)-F3`,0AD3I/@-`2RH/7*V%'1+/9
MX@FVZA/L(-FI$NQG(W/:4V
7&YG3)`DDB2K!GG:4JI+M\AHC%*UE[588?^'T







DTXJ9)



/?2\%/C0J+(W$[#$MQ!A
QI$MP\A
QI
M$EQ`A









M^





J*)K)8\+

K+











U9@&L'Y
MC
2;1G`&(X_F$9)A4RK1*&!MIMR@%\#:3-H;`VTP@Z`ZS--(++'RLPC80/
M`5YK]-A$GHOGCWM
MF$;0!*




MVE%!_*6:JJNRWA2;K7?TE8*8$G.-^

0=3`J[A[N(SQN&?\=FK




MG0(]NCSX3*5=5!:G%7&*](H

M(II?8



L[U&PR]5-W)U


M;&



M/SM8KP&.PD:2`OC=7Z&924'QQCE;'@2AJ7?/N6(?K^96%&D@[J@
3L)*TD

GWAEG;$
-H22








G=A%-^*6H&D6;_0Q]:J29AM*:U#7I`^(49RAR7?

MR\

@G2TDG9OE+RP5W

L^7

M;+D

MA/98=U%6V;YBPVKI(I.GT%%GB8


M;SY


M24?LQ=_6&=;)8R2I5^C3B.G4:_1H-&HT220=$2NJ6\E&QO]@D1H&S=E6D8_
M_^0?-981J%%/._K#5$+;]L6Y_\HP87F@22[MM+.W:=U',,J,;N4RVJHHO


M60L/AEFWL#A)'+-T(Y18TC

S8R-T(_




M4#IBIT[^4VF6`A.2

%IV+^8DS)%.

M&KA@G/LCHYBY3

M.E27H($+INN&/D08M=C\)
91MO5(CP9$.]O[9N9Y1]'=8++U:X;BHA0K7=5776=LGMCY7
M*`8#=M_37GIK

SJ
K\BE

M\=Z'5.Q5-[

M\F';1=2N#SF$?)9Z^)9M




M#U,W9(YW9(C99RMRHSC2YJQ&X)5JT'E@;KI&4Z6/OWZWRT!1&BT*.EJ5

*8;3L]N5&]PO92)]80-832X-VTC0=G.N`Q'`A
&C8NHUA%^,JW*_RTR]8L[J,B(30:*ZN913W0CN-'&<ND-!



M&YS)
5!/6&NYI)]<6C

0'/\8?B9^AA\UMB[J6#??(P8

MJ



E.
MHTP'?^1'MPW'E]`V2])N



P5^DHB4])/XZ

MI5N`V[3@J27!I5IHFR7!K5EHFR5I\'BLV-(6&*&X/T_7CZOX8





&?-L77?UR



FA)&`FD$OV3D0_V-
MU





8-9Z'C0X2CNH$
M%$#Z.]
`K/6Q

I\@$(8


M`3(/$R8UO.VHP4)O9QXEB@IQS206S/1S16T
$`N-8BT4#3)4:H9TEKP/.UB*


M0!(2W(PP7$W!DVK(!O+I)Y&Q%8K'.9*;:GN.F_A#M=E9U=S2T*P)0-D]($


RCATT#
[

MXB(
5RCD0^K`


:F3]L#.






M@LL




='U78ZV7^T]^;\OUZI<WTP$FHC^*F-P-P7^G.MCY]:




M)[BO*'5?D^7H/B
I(QDC.2

3,_F'?G^]Q?ALY6GUHJ9O%E`LLU\:SL[#45/4P]X.5
ML_&4EHJQ7E%&!T$=\WP-JK/*#;9'2PS#D%?AQMGM$]/0L]78H9`.:D$W3.%Z
MXSF!9%HE')=-SE$Q&/JROW)0T_TMO?6*[@@5
4['2)4*PACU%03./S/0L3H+
M
6P8(X

:

MHL`.1J




M`JN(-1J
JA$8/K`;EL!B1&;=;MRTY..D=


Y)HV7GI

+%::EVF&&HBL(G6VAM-1
!Q7I
M@`Z`JCZ$Q-3UC+4IX=KB%K`:V6=^*K!


I=G6=`S$B!#A=;R$:`9FE)@%;%&HY&KGX!7
M/QJ1])Q[SJ&5F(8Z/?W5PCW74DO%.)UI1M9O[X*%JNEVFG]^3IT^B\M%6.\







(W28*Z
M$KY)DCCPX9N4`KCLP#=)@@L-?)

Y%Z


-K28(':7@M








S;[\_*QG






M[0=





M1C.9

UO)Y;ZKF%E[?/M^_?/C[\^0;C!@K[]./6C4+K

MX?J0LUNFH$I!G8(F!6T*NA3T*1A2



M01?=QR[*O=9+7@PJP8M$*B(UD89(2Z0CTA
9B(Q$)DTB+^(=I[THPYG#9V=)


9+L-K[F2$FD
M(E(3:8BT1#HB/9&!R$ADTB3R`^))RP\.QW[PY+#X@4A)I)2$VF(M$0Z(CV1



L
)@I;#5XL_*

M'];N)NDVA9N5GMM[K):\;TNE)JZNA&&Q9ND7FU/2[6NOAG)(RD92;G2FFVW2


K/\[B;7=

M+\^FES(L`]$0+

'^TH:*M:@M

Q_$M.^\?#


!H931&*O9+
;M3@+OUKPQ
=
MCPZ0A-%JOUK'DY-BT0HMB5'%J&;4







_97





'S8\
(CNQ5R_/.<R8:
L3$$'*)84P#+)2B-)@E6=J/;/V2%EK
MC)2MP3JVUK.UP4@Y&FR*K

MXM+*



:RU!NLDZ6*M%[18&P0M6B.C*4*QM]SDPPB\\8RI-7FD


M(\\\[I&HF.YQ5!#8U&Q7Q)H%XJ-7%$%1@Z:TC*NS.\FN[+(:7.E'=G*#7)



MY)&RUH24B[4VL
5:Q]9ZMC:$E(NU
;#%VA19BYMM
MDAGR5[@W9A$K2\!+$W

'62PZTE)+1A6CFE'#J&74





*D8UHX91RZACU#
:&(V
I@C%7DDF&]*I]CRI


M[XI1*M+T*H/58GUYGS=*S87\UN^6E(I8[PS6L_5!J9VM&[];4BIB?8I9[.-D

/1B`-L&-1\P

+7F6!JL\
MBSPWFU.H
5*V!NO86L]H


QH2T\F2U*C$BY_GS.8RQTZ]

G9\R1'4#0ZB-KBH%+T

M4



M.D[:
QJ

;CU3G
(\26_7M2WQ`,
MO9C?&-3F_,SO,6*=O\<<DBG4J^V6IU9G$SC];2EZX1&.:@F18AG8,NY5GNGO
M,6RM2D7:VU@B[6.K?5L;0@I%VMC8(NU*;(6-]MD;D0^2[[''


[([RIT]AST9$QJ614
:H9-8Q:1AVCGM'`:&0T12AVJ9M:&#/Y@Y]R
MJ(\N'KD0(+AIOTG7GA:MQ5&S+2045+%6S:AAU#+J&/6

R%)(6

M*PC1^S)
[3?)'*40M6B21EN$2E&32=KJN$\B\JKJ-ES:@10R_GUXI:R&][
MD\P;N\AX[*4D(@T-@2-/=VRAF]2K4A?URJ%*96HRO/5-*:42
IE;56F++6

J+W4*TU(\&2H-5GD5UFS-0






]UP&34JY?PD-TD[:I6&

M'^4`#GY.
XHZIM=2GQM*K^8\(-E7GD55FY







M-1T62LHH4YHUM4I-
NTB:[%K[$CQAB-%0:I(A3U/;`T65
+=C6GBESC:@I

M%@+3)J`X4PJ5?*74(0%=2'HIT\B+.`G'&&?06^S;B)QR/.3
!L#BB'.7+'46



;2



7
)RRZFG$2+#IEP


NVILLQN
DAF3M?PY(<(3DOJU:$R3GMQE);B`Y?_I/)!\.*('SA)$11&Y+J25!$;'
MTI*@-A':$E0!&R<







;2_`)
7-?U5BKX29^[;&
MDOQT0-FLUP$^:*-LEJ2Q'W$96LU)+4IP2=LE
U*@\_4*)LER4\8]O`%G_
I




D$B3MO

)CL!#J2T)CJ^#-4N2HP2Y68(DL*4E)X4\VX



^&\;DZ#L]Y1-DNX]Q1-DN4]U1-DN
MP]WQYP)SF_'D[
D.
8=3\Z2X#1W/!]+@@/;45-+@OLR

MY/!;;OJM@










M!`4DA2DI(2E-205)94IJ2&I3TD#2F)(6DM:4Y*A/;M:G@*0T)14DE2FI(:E-
M20-):THZ2#I3TJ[Q[6

D@RD9(1E-R03)9$IRO!:L


IF2'/GG9OX%)(4I*2$I34D%265*:DAJ4])`




MW7UVG$YBC.TVW)W)G']_/DHLDL6JMC-^B..O+F05;Q\IB1_^\=?3X]6?A]?3






M3K8%/A^/?UC5X8N%8'PCK



MU[L/-W^B]P[I4I1XAHU:=AN8/TV*=F@$F!+@7Z%!A28(R`&R3`9P%][F]E



MM`(Q`ND$T@MD$
@8(RQ(RP.C!8KZIH5YD#.R6OE)N19((Y!6($8@G4!Z@0P
M&6.$183U7HO(PCPBAY0A(H$T`FD%8@32:07R0

ML$&6

RS$KLISES$,N9P[8A
M&0V91ECKL-6T^W&=9S;=8?!&39O0FLX90HN2W4MHD.Y'TN(=?7LA.Y:_1-FA
MJ2]SO;WI5
IOMBD4SRI+?.)N6_RO



/=0.!5ZDVU0



[+D$W[27HU3BSIQ*R'S:\ZZ2(TRW4MO

M+AFG@Y)Y()G::S*T'2X


:06F78*UA
6N1NDNY'4



L73.HR-








M@?N$KC([PR1OE]Q\F24[P-;9!(7D'

M'


T'T#





L2Q:U
MVEO&TUJ9);NZAM2P=KS9?'.AK



:^UY)V
=S-D&!A=42:B342LA(




Y(JW1QX+]+IQ6!R(A`Q91KN[3L%Z9LIK'G.
J.:2


ME51`=!9!WN*S.:-1\39B6!@[B@]9IO_)DODWDZO'X[U(?'Q]/5_?''
XX;
M
A3QZ8/'W5U#Q79_P&L$PD.*_;V'$3[9#E53FW*YM]M-Q:;$I4;8F$G)










:O4O.$+RKW]E6TT!BOP64$GP]N6]5B8'$J)(.
M$OM]H/2&[R41J2:I$$^EQH-/BE%K+5)\2(Q::Q)\3XQ::Q)\5HQ::Y(.$ON-
MK*PU[A)`*VCK-JX40MHDBH'1\*7U](;/IQ'/)JD@<1^(RYM\



MLZF0MTK-&^[V07:TC#:0V#MN9*UQKP^RHTD
)/9R&VF#&WP0CR;!13Z(1Y/@


'9]=7K?
/S
M_





MP;3_-4`H_)I*-\L0_*_/+WY]^.WM7Q^^_N_'O[N'][__\17CO0]%WCU^0$WX
M[XN/[\



M$:3Z\N?;L+%M3L%96BYI+JT+`OY73#_.=C_^!*S`4OC]!__809N_OA];^P


M1@&%C%A5WR5CL%]V]76&'K9V@D:;L$]D(R/M:K)J2TA-2$-(2TA'2$_(0
A(
MR$3(3

M=(3TA`R$C(1
A


MTA+2$=(3
A`R$C(1


(

M(4;VE$JQLU8J0ML;!'MK(':X-?G&)=PC@*`[J+-:;6^-GE6RVNN@[G!K(NK:





MX]8IVCE8OV)Y;QW8W;B:Y=9-#C8G;!-;5^H6T@]G?FYC6J+G9X+


KGESD:7


VFAJ$V%\Q+_;`S



50G





M4;53]]J$=9



Q
NR4PMRHJAFJ$F03H&
M8JN.H9ZA@7V-;#4Q-!=0L8[#`QAO_BRX42JF.8&VMMH,95$+!S6U&9S,N]


2UUS




C0)E7Y/XR@7GPJJ4Y4IB=
N)48+
O15ZR)[


L4J1.$5@K4
-3F

`V''E:]Z'#P=P9J)292%4GK
S)


M0$N[2E5
4HTI1K%4(U1&
M.!%3LE5A2PUQMU8R0H62!+52,_



MYJ6NGKT

[5)/Q
?(5Y6CN\UU2
M2=SND&&K&*H9:A*DTQ6VZACJ&1K8U\A6$T-S`94S[$JZ@B?7-),B9)['V!NN
MEU1239*H9JA1JK4NUZL4OGJN&#/T


M)79/-6+


ML]






RD?KFA




M@A-#LT!+NTI9()X[

+VA&0

&]C6*E0IR&)H3Y`0YQRLYR8*;
MB1G3B'(KI%

8G)&N!P`G*
D`EP[*VO2S)3
MJZYBJ&:H$?\ZP*'4HN./4,#^QK9:F)H+J!2J2LYR3$&Y\7\B=S`4XT*U?U





6
^0'ZRPW$_B2;:3?%4
U0PU#+4
=0SU#
M`T
C0Q-#
T._


L.!
5KA%%^=3.9GJ1*M@NODFOVWVJ]IH;V!UKB\;^/6N
ME3UM.O@UFANYH^O+UCAY5NK08#F=0W*Q#MQVO8=Y'Y..8N`BA(&3Y71)5@JJ


@%

M&@4KW!UOS#EC?/23W.$3GQ$K&DQWD/#9S[5H;O#1'I3&IT!7
QEQ?`OT6VK`
MQT`=
_54SXQ)D6=@.3_S.&$3/G%I0DS!U.Z'@4EV^*&)]`##P^LYI`_:OB
M%53%(3L7A^X1W.*+`E(15&9+:
(1A.00@G8(XRH))V

M;Y]K89JN!N(;*D9




M5#PS6RD&RJGTN#&/L3%VGC=;*8;3


B0Q*B=7V[0;O``E99JPO1C`K$SE\R-.7-1
M:3OI$T8G5E*N:3LW
3C1S-:1KV;+#
#@9#NI`X/S+75@;'+9/%&.6[-58VRR

M1$^PD


A*X/0-8&X

D@Q.3B4)





MUCI8YV]@PT.-CK8Y&S@_WB8&]*S(Q$B)75I%@G`PXYTF1(6'CUFQID
P:0


O%Z=N6-
M875Q&0GW9K#^MOAPE,Q+B,D@)BN#D)-!Z,D@!&40BC((21F$I@Q5`:A*H.0
ME4'HRB$+4C;`BJ7653*YWRG!?(MSJUQ$R8]5[`K855
(A*&#0E#)(2


MB!$H0#

2`
8D`BJ)))C`=A&`Z-F=$(D;(:

4@:SQ\TFW[Y8@G2
7+83CQBZ`C1C=RT=P:$)







'X
8P`2J
MAX

@'?MR'8R=E`_@OBQ
ZE=K&)ULN(1S_')<#%:VD<9BL
@9







M#YO':9EG+%C8
4[+?&

/@R[;H(O'09)MT
7CH
LVZ.)QD&0;=/$XZ+(-






V7.]QOHYJU5O#\16KLK]1X;MZBQVW#





3Q:X(TV7O

MJPX-/$7QWG2TP&
:
.$EWMQ3O#(=
]%CACL$D_%L@8G#1C#APP_L#9_*0'\\
MY@S=SE=TNT5_/$7QH0;TQV
:
.$K`]P?+8!_?$8?)4!H^`Q`YC!9?]&Y3Q
MXC]\]@9E/`9?OX$Z'H//VT`=CSE#M[.K&SZ^`G4\1?&)%:CC

M'\

O@2
_KC
0V8\!5A+H/O
J
_'H//+F
4/&8`
M
[@


[#)GM.WLMPW
Q64J
)7+U&!J
SJ=@%3N4P-
MIG:9!DSC,BV8SF5Z,+W+#&`&E^GWV,7V[BX&9G9$<SD

MLU.`Z5UF!#-?87#S

[S(CF-EESNCI^4I/

MF



Z+
Z#(3F
EE

WH!<W&9DSE,C68VF4:,(W+M&!:E^G`=XSW&*5X#<'K
Q5^9L2MGF^Q5[G,&6T[7VD;<B:7J5F


X*97&8&
[O
N


M
[O



W7W__\N'=S\=GWY[NSPY6;_]].[CY]?5PU^_?(^/QU]^^?C^P_[Q





;6X?/
OO;*Z.F$4?
M_77!TP
M&


M__D3.GK^P]M_8O:_%Z.+Q



MG2!MB_
R8H/]858/:=&,VEJ$!F('(B,18B


7V1`8B!R(CD8G(
M3.22R!61:R(W1&Z)W!&Y)_)@B8L^+OTV^GJ1+=B'N)+3T[;T[XCLB0Q$#D1&


MR\%.T#DF2UOHE\MP2=UW*RTX






M4S-

(PF8Z&^9V'5M^]\R4F2SDNJ

M.S5#`&N*X^?LWOQ=`S`(
W$Z





M*Y]P@9EZ+#:'82YWDFM9@68M*AALROJNU-2DJ0[
MDM_8[@@Z]?*%;=UN*69ET6M2;=;Q:FK
M(.#


WIAIPP=E+TV)6H
;

MS@[7,_9W:1%C;M96%V=?3=+I2

%96!@V
#H*
KY&M)D:S0ZXC9;E..G+$?LU2
M5')U


M#/]HDPZ
QJ3DE+#9%?6]\2F.7A)PD:2A*:CX
BMIV'CLM*1


M88

A@D

[6C9EZFYTWW_\\NSGE[$81^J]^=\I
9_8)&X29WAP8C4G)


MM-F#
+XXAS


V-\=ZF;$F3M?R(P[RH29$9CCNQ0A0UHGM&


MX*1UL/!PL1#D4V4S%8[WJ7=G8N:.F9)U0
WDWE]83@9Q8RZ-!T;C]U4V-3.$

7'8;[]'MC9G.YZ$QNV+PM57




RX&Q.S*6&S9[Z?)5N
_?37UY4DE.;ZH\@.W
TV


M)0T;Q

MY5=4MJ.J\9%[C04MR\:]7;PWVY#R[K0DGJ?O9GR-5S
\!U\$P\2.3QT
8F(.

A'Z4]FFFO.-`65Z*E6.S7#SQV4


MC$9&$Z.9T26C*T;7C&X8W3*Z8W3/Z


E\&=6)5'



M+.NC




M[=5

S!%9D.T$[;$

:R
(P[S/O\UY
M/+Q4
WT:^_/.0U)^][8:!P&86;&'QB-IN1QXY7(-QD;]3X[5SX3V1&\Z$
M%-F)KLP^D)6P09CK7JW!H#$I.25L=MY\=T(U@3EQ&LC*

M)Q:


M[3(VY_&TN5OUH%=?**AH8*L#HY'1Q&AF=






GMD1'[K=$BES^M#T)
M=Q.S?`^F)??#QV;_ZNX@WS)7[P&@T)8OG.PF\W?U/+.;2T97IF3Q''\+

OST)PNRDH#G<WS,:&!T8C8PF1C.C2T97C*X9W3Z973'Z)[1@T
^Z&5_
ME.QYSV7+9?:\@NQI-*
]HX'1@='(:&(T
[ID=




MLPU9K\.D0SZG0J!8`ATQP'V&\$R.;%-D`M_U77%XL38::Q$%Z@Z2FZSQ`C


MWW*@KPS1UPK-@$9?B:&O7!A]98B^VM*AJS:/LUWE/&Z!J:A=56'1+X6N7PS1







C(C6)_5FK^UN$&$RL))7LBE
M
=&;F0X:R$`

A##,0@`S'(0`PR$(,,Q`#

QR$`

E@6

M#L#0CI+#9'4CP#9$IS.^U-?(L#FB:)$00])FWAVKRW!J:9M51-5D
K2Y9A


M@K;/Z/32:)U:'M?.$

M&8A!!F*0@1AD(`89B$$&RX(



MQ)P88DX


MB\P0\UK6:(.8$T/
B2'FEH6VEC0D'1^2PKCQ(:SGD!@?Q-!68F@K
;25&-IJ

M*8NO#^=E^ZE1Z&A(O%Z\%NOW@5P`--%R`:APB2NTW'(.C]?@&\M2SAP6HO-4



'


QR$`




M8DX


:W;G8RX9'R1LJ^`R/B`&9J9&?K$(`,QR$`,,A##
0@
M`S'(0`PR$(


M$T/
B2'FEH6VEOPT;:LDKFZUM
FLMI48VDH
;26&MA)#6RWS;466E[?U^(=P
MD*C






K2BRB`#
M

QR$`


K2B9N@3@PS$(`
QR$`
M
A##,0@`S'(0`PR$(,,Q`#

=A&DL
?6*(
M.3$

MGU#=*5N6;ZTL;M=AMN:*_DS+#3X*+!#H86A]3YY1;7W-1-+/FNU+)49%K7
V(W
M]*FD;Z9/+VLD^9[KJ^2%Y=-)IJ\A2\=(D[)XDW4]&#_;^E;VC:=DKEK]35Z





0@`S'(8%F0H209
MJ0PU^_#7'6$VB6Z?SVH70


MB#DQQ)P88DX


:[;E8RX9&);!MDXE231_!`PRM*(Z'2`#

M##(0@PS$(`
QR$`




MYC5+\[)75F9)EW/91Y0DA?+M*9CI*@496E%ED($89`&&8A!!F*0@1AD(`89
MB$$&8I!&&0@!AF(009BD

B2'FQ!!S8H@Y
M


MM*&?7+3E$U_NY(L99&CN=#I`!F*0@1AD(`89B$$&8I!&&0@!AF(009BD($8
M9`&&2P+


MZBDD!H?8=8:8$T/
B2'FQ!!S8H@Y



$4++;:2V0TL&@Y5/[*OT8E].R[JN\EI59

*12PC7#4UGZ8



MGZD%PG4[K07.1B$RW?S3WZ!'F_H3005AO3!MY^#PLK;;4KKYWI=OAPEG^H


M$)(X&0IV]A4DKJ_=0F[?K-Y2S;5;C.0Q(I:GZ%`TD80A*&D$1@?WH)DK`A





MC4=HRAXA(I6&B
0@(GN$8NP1$E%I2$0

[7P5+N80IUMH
R%.A2;WQ!PD!G%ZX3*?5_&`



%GB.!7Z(-/#
'GP@@^0P2?2B/X
MQ!!\+HS@


C3Q\K.%W%C^]!K6ZC%4`MJ@!J
M$8-:O7I`+^9#I=%:-=-U#^T(U_0CABTD\)8;/NRDEQ8C)U6`CFMPR!GV?VF

408E7HQ2(&L;@PU&$(=:@TU$&=;@P]&`(/:@T
M]`&/:2PN?AA+C%$\&WI$/RRSTV#7_X0'D0NF]CCJRV0)9@+]W_5CO9GQ/


=EG
M(Q?42G&Y$HA7LRK$%&



BKL^RUH72%R6Y4'T[
R





MO
_@@\+J

02?R/X
M#!%\*HW@$T/PN3"SQ#!I]((/C$$GPLC^`P1?%LZ!+_LAM/@Z][9!K\RNQ@M
MY9.B)@/;)PR1M]ONX[-DB#SY0^3)#H$GAK@30]S)'^).=@@[,42=&*)._A!U
MLD/0B2'FEH68ERUK&G/9)MC!FQQ8(Q%R2]`=)^OV[DYH(4[A!(5^CE`#$IP


02?R/X#!%\*HW@$T/PN3"SQ#!I]((/C$$GPLC
M^`P1?%LZ!+]L.M/@ZQ;5+D#RMV$MCG9T@W6);;O==+@WV;'FYAF)]O]-38Q
MX6@+BE5?9H'#PD4
BGU7G1!1[/!O.0%8+L]/PG
4T)3\0U-BT/2[ZH3
OL[3


L40+-7^&S!5ZF8E!9BEL/$)3]@@1J31$)`81V2
48X^0B$I#(F*0





\CC*SC%RZGINF)LM`*H115`


MG&_#


80HUF


MK\LR6^M
[LLYWIL;;OUC:=4]M\F@PN$=A&M&NB9#-V*0C1@66F*0C1A4(P;1
MB$$T8A-&#0C!LF(03)BD(P8%.&)=:R(%C9.1O!^A(K^VQW?:O
ORLE'B1!




MI8E'#P`:)==.240H:J6:3/*M31M1KW(NGVY?#6^W(N42%'JJ9R\+(^.PM#

CFL$0D:HP:\;QB^U9
_13[E8P
M97U


ML(0C7-W&A*O5-&RUJ:*RB+LVEF92ZOA]!A6/ZX8(EH5IJTHJZEIA5S9GWYK
MZU(_](R!TYZ^&I2B

.Q*`#

M?-;:74*5X:M(NC@@Z'+1-A!19XBP


7&;8O
DQ?9%B^R#!\D6'W(L/L18;5+V77


M^3CV+3+L6V38M\BP;Y%AWR+#OD6&?8L

M]L+F_W8M(^L0R^'K4;9




TXAZ


M'XF=XK*
_?'L_X.3*#PE=LK.


+
0STW_)S:+,1U
M-3B.JL%Q30V.;VIP/%&#8_L:'.-/PBGCT
O%BK.E?2X-'`V5G.[GF3QY;F2

Y]JY<'RFX%K#IKGY=0V;9#A^5@$O%QDN/<K.OSF_XH


M?56Q)EE&7A=5H?9^Q]?.;1`F+S)
7F28O
@P^23C@O$4O=5*ABVG-V;'XX`2

MF9M?..??3U:FR?QUI9ADU]W.47;EH2+#0T6&AXH
#TVRBZ4L*D61X9-)QKK:


MATGRPK%9+/A/*M1F6EVXJE!'V;7#R\H$#I]D.'RV*]XM
KQ;9'AWDN6[\#GP


JQ?9%B_R#!^D6'[(L/V18;I
MBPS+%QF6+S(
7V38O




KF&0XU[=


8@N%`D-%UVX%%59=.'R3F78+#=*5O:\6F^V
MSRN:_LJ:L/<\G$47%H(T7'1AQ4)9=&'7!EJ4%YR875E3=A['LZ2'BV]ADMZ



K
*]P#MO7J
M]D)T\I&SWBSY7$8FB[U7M%<F`8K<FKR-'4FQZ*6DV?\[:T?9E8C8RUU-18Q
M1S?W:


C=;'D88T!WL^7A;/T(
MFQ8E%L4HZZ/84UE60;&GLJR&8C-E6?/$9LJR]DF15D92]TG/VCO2NT]ZQDCJ


M5AE96R=_5KO(VCKY

D;7[Y
\86;M/_HR1O_OD


MILR

LY1

M3!DFN8M=;`2
2=*6*R/;=\F[A:
8W:4L&:
8W:6\&*.H
'AWABGO8D\+ARGO

HIM^C]E%

M
=QZ&SV-H4L6T93ANO2W7]



ME%EW4X8]L[:F#%-F;4U9KO?:'BZ*JO;




1?_@#)/0/SC#)/3OSO`M?;@S

\Q%O^(


M4]+G.


YPY[

MF)(YES-
R9S+&?9DSN4


/['



S_33
M(N*\HTPH(ZF
W9215

MMI)P3\F?U8==&/DS1E*I?\J:Y(&'Y8'T5J2GC/3B/V6D%_\IZ\-X6'I#&`]C
MS8KU7?2T_+5AZ&*LT,78WT8NA@;PO[L3$
OQM#S_3ONHZ)GNG#E:%G^G!E

RY0AHJ9-RI#S\P;E:%BQA/*
M4#'U7=?!T#-U6ADJIDXK0\7

MT_5(XDS]4T:V4_^4H4;JGS*RG?JG##U3_Y1ADK2#RLA:VD%E+T^WVQ?]S/(5









G7!N:+/@:85\6W70=%K)3TAVVRBQ,#^DUS`#9
M*QDAHQ*V-]'-3N2UD)T2MJVQFX5ATQ/=C`R0O9(1,BIAFXUTS-MLB!'&-N$
MY

`4$L#!!0`

M+GAM;)R=67




MWO*3
?_-V/]Z@N:(#N@1]%\?!\/+X2\?_H6.[Y
U&BM&OD7L+$SG9_PF(4A#


W\G'X
MT37RZ]
KOP6/6QOS0.N

MD9Q(0:0D4A&IB31$)D2F1&9$YD061)9$5D361#9$MD1V1/9$#I)XMQP#?.V6

5$$B(ID8Q(3J0@4A*IB-1$&B(3(E
B
R)S(@LB2R(K(FLB

M4A*IB-1$&B(3(E
B


P/

\'S/SHVTF
MAUJT[:1QV-6(
2K5\0:(

8*2Q266N8%LG4W/&]?@YB[DENSX7G?'Q?.W57?




1)U

?1+\5G?_T3OT]=).^:6


?D5X7NM^AG:T+




R

R#7


D1NKOK


$D8I
MH\RB
QF%UKU`!5N5[*MBJYI1XR$O!-C)XU42%X(C]\?M%@TO40&Z#O7Z+%A2

IF-K


Q[A6^2WS];



4
MC&;L;*Y_GO.NH-[*=;D)HY11QBAG5#`J&56
:D8-HPFC*:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C
M-:
-HRVC':
]HX.'_

MS:CQD!\,WD1(7CU,6KL@[E%BU[;1G1FS?I*E#CTRBXB9]:GS!SR=Q&%X&Y
M
'



M1#0[=IYY*]&YG/O)D/

MW55=TGX)ONY8[Z[QW?FU[YE9WCG/\ASR5]*'P=IS;




$4IM2W(+,.<-K$G</<L?$
MUI_

LJ)SS-




WMY0T_!&92
*N?
*RWE63LSNPE@


M/'5/P71GQ*-\B\0#+V:4
$HM$HTYL\B;[BBL4%C)[BK%K%98XS
O0.84%*UE
?-CT\P]G^M95YT<X*^*\5KE^&C)T98M+UN.$.I-[&#7`21BFC
MC%'.J&!4

IHQFC-:
%HR6C%:
]HPVC+:

MGIA]-\[P'HKU^831BFCC%'.J&!4,JH8U8P:1A-&4T8S1G-&T9+1BM&:T8;

:D8-HPFC
M*:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':

M1BFCC%'.J&!4

MI@J;*6RNL(7EI:)$J^$F:Q`P:K26IBY$F\4ME783F%[A1U\YE6@RV93*Q6





M%P/+X'5/TENY8*2


)HRFC&:
UHP
M6EHDBKKJK411PTWXZ][*%77#:

\KFP<,X7ENR\Y4PTTN^%A;.^49A6W:^$V9Z

M
)HPFK*O&5O-&2T8+=G7BJW6C#:




IHQFG;

M
7$.::*PU#*O.K7N!
I=2O%#@D)A)7NK&-4NI2A;H[`))YTRFKF4HFQSA2TX

MUW




M2OSP)%%8ZICX'4MFF:B^N3





ME4`)HY11QBAG5#`J&56
:D8-HPFC*:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':
]HX.'

M\Y48[Q%-0O/)H

$H998QR1@6C
MDE'%J&;4
)HPFC*:
9HS6C!:
EHQ6C/:
-HRVC':


+%UBJHVOUF![\@
MP=S8-2P\1\*J;9&HQS&CA%'**&.4



M#[2:
QQ6+?B[A]LOOY[\=C&

BN86T5FR

/V/



A
M
J^@.0VV



MU;C%4

M-1YGM.-*-66
&(S5&

QYSIS/C@
M&S'0%)R$C1AH2HPKC=4KQ2'Z*+46`QRECU)KD[41]DT!6?HHVR:@J/T439-


PSW5E/$9


]1J506E494Q
MRC96RQ9#

M&E49(VYC-6XQE%A5$BB)JJ104E7)H.2J4D`IGE%0KX=JO1ZB7JM*!:52E1I*
MK2H-E$95QHC;6(U;#56E01*HBHIE%15,BBYJHQ1MK%:MAA*KH)E$154BBI
MJF10

MK::$4JI*!:52E1I*K2H-E$95L@'ZG8':[T!I5&4
;V/56PPE5I4$2J(J*914

JQ0!/

MC&F)]LS
!F@C`VV$E`TP[AYH3Y\*2J
J8T1@K$8@AA*K2@(E49442JHJ&91
?CC[L?CNV^W7[!CY-1L.'SW</?'U^Y_GNY_

M`/__`P!02P


[N










M;X/`!J$-(AO$-DALD-H@LT%N@T(#AFH8Z[^EFO+'JFR.O[FIT[)Q4K.V&Z66



D9Z30B:&CVH[K0M(0J[FI6(LFS2E3Z;/B:
V1

PNU]PH


MF5*K#;LF]:]68G458(]V0OCM1^C


#E([?ZV#NA6^/1'H




MF)VJCB):I_YRR6J.+D9GMT@3?^6TS)@75+3?-/FMWZ1^.U!?%09T98VT^S



@KQF?9/6`O,%%@@L%%@DL%A@B<!2@64RP56F
P0








RIV/7I.;M?3+XP*S&Y5Q[-KFSWK-0).1:R[6X3N





MGI*)6S#J\`6@9



A`&HE+Y]9;8LO'LU[!HJY9N`7W7%!'
MLNZRU/W*[P,;K.@FV3!I9:G+E9X&=Q;05')@NLK3]VH\#*XG4)+)0LNDI&!
MI`'NDSUU@\FCX0H9N4D6W!PC-\F"V1/76KR:+@S1M:2!2\SH*@T2_V`EE+
L!]+:<`=91T8*7`!@'4AG<_2-KR8)7`)ZZ3N8:X-8?

M#;E)%KPK0SV298F!6!\3K%I66%JDM2#`(B'Q)5JOW@_SK/#A`UHB6?!E`UHB
M*887\;!(BN&]




M^10Q




MH$_!D()1@4@D]*=?$LGYO[_!OZIS)5WG






M*-=++[AD

2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
Q@C%JKCDTU+%)Z6ZK\PH
M'J1.IT-ZDPMNX;)B5F;
*H/5!FL
UAJL
UAOL
%@8\QBT5Q::HDVIZM15_)(


*D8UHX91RZACU#

8EU=



L.6^YN+T\WA3B)N/-8;W9[9*





M!065[%4QJADUC%I&





M%#T^



M5IEIR)P1TJ)P5SR=DG.3+P6C);#5*EFW*I2?R%IZ%M6P3@?2RGOA^9T4K%6P









JH8U8P:1FV$XI:X/-IXP+3S^76X;U\$Z9FO




L+`0F+W![)[R3$%28
M#RSJ[_Y87ZZQ26K
=KOU-DLN^S:J
=V@L*AYHP*1B6CBE'-J&'4
M,NH8]8P&1F.$8K6NIW[++8SO?V
W/B[K'MC02!9]

MZ4L''+QCU$N@E^L;Q&VI#^]SQ5.S

!<5+_\C98.7PDI1Y9G2N%[<PB)38[!V82%<Q^'ZQ2V$








H#%9ZIA_^


M5[KS7C'(!U!!*DNF0O#

M^^*%02A


MH-@


?-(&C8A!(V+0B!@T(@:-B$$C8M(&#32+-$H
MR0*#1ISN92O/U./A?('N%KID&;P]N_9;+CP+0KJY&I560CI?=5)+

M&[.7?@YG

MN=(U)*?*S2:

M'3OI%.C8WA%_I]7+]2;]J!0Z=?`1[2#H#-5@#3V)H0_[PNZ33N$V04OSVD\J

P9JBL;O9



M


%W?2$%-R[K[I.'S%+EOLS

8A'#.(1@WC$H!TQ2*=9(IV;9RCI
MEGN:?'A8+7=FGKF?TB]7!#*NY`5/?-1[GKS`3P9[Z$8
NA&#;L2@&S'H1@RZ
M$8-NQ*`;





6A$#!H1@T;$H!$Q:$0
&FF6M


3/U$$C)X
MYEXOT5E.\C8W9`B.2@:&D
'#H#94(ZZFG6R^1648Y2#92)8**
R_:4
LL]




H8L(#!'17ATQ::]+GEYJKU\[
M05]_]_3E[NZYN'V^_?#;M[O'/^_RNZ]?G]Y\?/C[.P:+#;8.5OS-X]WG]S=X

M[7&$V.[(.
5)`%O2=.0D@_H.YB7&4:.(V=M0P/1W%X
5)X/*6'HV:LC0`[!8

M/FZD._LS_K'*X:Z_/^
?RX9#W+KCM-J&0]RZ8[%L.(RM.Q;+YE(O=RR6S:5@


&4LS-Q@:(Z&
M[A$QVH!GE7P]N*?`*&?:T(85^H39/BS-K-`G3!N6:%;H$Z8-2S4K]`G3AB6;



M7

M?8OKUK3A-WUG]P
THW6PN-^AL06_YCN[7Z.Q!3_B0ZIF62#%E*S9XRTTAH.E





P6[#&-OF-9+FCIQ6QI#DMN

7G3[A
#HO[]`I;\
T9'(%E




MEYAE\-4Y')L5K8;%?46.H]6(UIIE\*GBL_N*+I?!!XK/[ENZ;
%WBL_NB[IL

%WB;%(;EDNL%Q
S[\?,Y-[[U?Y,[[P?':?







M\_7N
UXO6KUU'ZUXO/_SR_(_SP\_\*;7S9L_'IZ?'[Y-__GE[O;3W:/SAO/G
MAX=G^1\T_MT_#X]_3:\P??C_`@```/__`P!02P


SMYS
@HMW)LE'$)[<
/./?OQ/8K18..WM_N<Y-VW(SWW


81U=*
R#)G+8;NR]/8?!=H.6(_!9=7+:X
M&38SEN5
]H!Y%E$R[YGZ*]-_+M(L4GY$1'^_&*;Y^%3Z37FYSY2:&B59H\4U
M6&XRNVT5=%3@J*K@IX*^BH8J&H@I$*QBJ8J&J@ID*YBI8J&I@I4*UBK8


MVD`Z0!P@72`]('T@`R!#(,@8R`3(%,@,R!S(`L@2R`K(&L@&R!;(#N12`ZF
MZYO.P0S+#LY(-;E9)Z?I%J(VH@XB!U$740]1']$`T1#1-$8T031%-$
T1S1


:B
/K/X3'_S]KV9`.ZIQ+8TP?=G/B8GG8B6I6Z9+



YB%A=

K-(GK


M3FM+V
GD@&;E
B&@__/\E977Q$#/4/6Z+K7H)8)TGZP(^V3&*+OXBMK)](38



S:;.)10OMEL^E!.48OYN@D],;.
M:Y(;ZA.R-WDTEIJF3?^5Q!Z:EDW_HT+^6K%?M1W3$FFSZ,0FMS:+$910LNA

S9(7);2K




$%``&``@````A`$^.

X

MX^E3]V*1+)'

Y].FM.N?=R?GN^G?_Y1_'8[G5RN







?FI[AO4-=]BZQ&]P62


M*4DR&K55A#%MM:/-C1(99%$.Q6Y@;PFS4#ZE)K\&[9Y^-:`9HQE#*X78UX7
MEHVEJF22YIM'J9:*L9#RFC1U*7%C-8W!.*)#K+9?X-'+02/U6+S

M8BR20D*E(EDI6.V(NM&8ID)IN\5,/LI(PE&K!LEDYEQIXENW=F9$EO(URG2
M-F*YY6-U6$BH5+15E8[HFZ`IFU0`NR[2=`R%`CH-B&WT/%.PW&).-+TH
M@TI%LE*PVM'F1F.Z"4:VUSPX;(0YCX?+K__#P;ZM%
CWYB?R/J(SQ4&)R
MBSGUV:MB4,DDC?95L%D&;KU4C(64UXYR)WY4E19_![L+#4%L[4L)XY-/P7*+
ML4@*96*9*5@M2/J1N

MW&*L5@L)E4RRKY5@N?0\J!@/::\=56X]8IE$T206Q



@29D'
M:_\0/6,\E/?<8HOQ?+(@:S6DDD:[5%PNPB]=;YB/*2])E6==B?:2.^!.MCM
R$+N.<G:V]2R\4J+)-0




M0529GCV;4W$DZ1KUEL]*

MTEN(



MB#^IAI

1F994$A0S?24E09H2
MU5O,K3A5*9A.L*.E%I,H-O4C[12@FJ2E!(44TR2@ED$KS5*&BW@@9;+$A33
M34AM:;2$C);G$I1*I6`'@XPV!B4H9@_1[`3(@59(^-1`Q6@4]/RPHQ49.G/8

M:Y0D7
(W=;1!




Q+GAM;(Q5R6[;

L4C5/Z!LW]&[[^=/FJ/2S
M*3FW!!AJD]#2VF8=AB8MN60F4`VOX4NNM&06CKH(3:
YR]PE6863*%J$DHF:


*^


0.GM-Z`0\B
R6
@=<8$H


RB5;!H&Q8-NE0GI*?O=EQ?#%
[(M#!
M7=H3-)08XSP




R+GAM;(Q536^C
M

M=YO/G]8'I5]
S;E%H-:'-?6=BM#*NYI92'6]AI51:4@N?NB*FTYP6?I-L
M2!K'R*I:'%06.F/:*BR%(P_*+:7O+5!1/.&6O!O:M&9DYID'Y&35+_LNQNF

N<EV1)
M0&FS+@1DX,J.-]SO$U6]TFR6;M_17\(


M3'AW*%0

MBY'^2=2A8]&`9/ZX#AMX.]KO_67Q
EKT_AQA+'5$P.:P0EE?H9$_-\JN#Z%#




S









M^?G[Y^^1Z2]__NDCWD$H^YO/'_[VP]M_7_UIWFU6;[__RY_O%?J_'S_\ZXOY



M].9I&=3ASUBO_*`^^DK^&$5A0EN&_MY+3HMDJ3:1BLB%2$VD(=(2Z8CT1`8B



R$9DM

M6BKHG?N**C(E971F5#&Z
*H9-8Q:1AVCGM'`Z
IH9'1C-#&:'?(5#NU+80H(
ME\+9F%5D*RRJA
ZLJAA=&-6
&D8MHXY1SVA@=&4T
KHQFAC-#OD*A[ZE5.'8




M''L=-\XC

*$*E9=&-6
&D8MHXY1SVA@=&4T
KHQFAC-#OD*ARZG

*D871C6C
MAE'+J&/4
QH871F-C&Z
)D:S0[[L+_2W:^YO!1UP#BQ5WV2C_%02K3?9)=-9

M'K*WU7/F06


].L\OM1\@+_?F:

MD0-O'#@I2J\XNT!?X=!







`G?CVB[6V6KS904FF=V


MD%GU)D:S_05?F&W`!_R$\306XIV68S\TE$LI1LGW;/V:`\)X4.@$J0G:F2


HY<%564D8C1QX4U4ZU(G1[`)]A5]HYG%[A4Z1B-Q*LLVZAY/$Z1RY6SWE

+&U
H?\W.DTW

M[+.HS$I57++$@76'-AP8,NJCE'/@8.J[+(D!Y'0*KS'F\:F-[CQ&@6%-^C

K.DM-&9/'B?;W:/AWWV9Q[3AH=!)4@C`5%EZ0*


M1(.J




M`*@$X716=$FJ
+RW:_QO?G


XE4
MM:A
KH8#6U9UC'H.'%1E%Q0YB(1&#KQIH%U0Z.AG%^@K_
(VP):W`02Y!66;



I-\QZCGP$&0.=0KHY$#;X+
*TZ
9A?H*QRZRU*%8]?I*AR1


MN^F&D[??E+SSR0^'PSY_KKOGW



MP?6JDJ!C:(4V')@IZH4VM*@0

M76-,A/;%EA78'V!#05V+;QP&[*S#%/!38KB\?LW7EA7V''^PJ@@LZ7D[





M79-



M3K#`L_XS(C?%[K(]K-
]'^+DF;K=^HEVPLY&HV^E$H;[CXHN1A9.CNUJEU^/






Z)-!#ZCG-H*J'AW1-*LTU<JZ;JN20<*&8E6E*
MLTSNSQ^@0F]?.$B8A][?'N5+LA

MJBJE[QCU'#BH*J6_






MJ
QJ50ER2Q

FT/
MZWRGO.9


WRVR
MF+[XT!%G'Y:PA]FO(J
5
-N=&\OI:$^]+
L=F1:9.%)\\$A$A040CV:X4?/J

MEF)[929V4&9BKPM+J]^XL'3

M'5(`I2OUDZH2.C.J&%T8U8P:1BVCCE'/:&!T930RNC&:&


M+*J$SJRJ&%T8U8P:1BVCCE'/:&!T930RNC&:&
T.^0IG^P;:Q^`BF2HL*)7S


X3



+HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
MKHQ&1C=&$Z/9(5_AK/W4ZQ8TD_FJ*LA5.*H
.K.J8G1A5#-J&+6
.D8]HX'1
ME='(Z


MN6H.;#BP554ZB$X0?-/CZCEPX

+]!5^H3O'1^OI2BVB


M^8


_<-^VW+%OSRDJC@E;G:;_/=*SDFAME2[#255&$<X3M9\&4+





M9Y_9J3E-PVE:0:\M+_'%S







?I&=9DO[K36C
MA@-;5G6





M


ILS[2P-)7#.=DV2`S.




MHNKQ]3^
660Z.&!

MZR@5K!
=JKO

MBA@LH%A8(+KTNJ@Y

U\N$KP%O5



&ILZFS4A*V!XJB)


MP)9%HQ
M;(G





KM];TP-_O2-ZFL

M*2/





M#FXN


M]GJ2[U
M'#C3&

MPL_O^!.W-A)-U2@SJ5IEVF4=\\]4=U:AJ7J%)M6@[-4/C5FA9AP5OM9E^3+B

[=-OFY%MNF:'SI+O
PDS7`6NCSLSNL)(8K(S


0QBPB'7LP)C*W


EZ4\]&&92?944C?./(6RE:-C*0AC)$$Y2-)R


MW**#-],IC,71E!D^$(K93B?A:53%P.&8C$Z*!9G,\5B,%`LG*=8G,L4ZLI


M8`8QF$$



$09C$&PQA
M!T/XP1&
(0C#&$)0WC$*8PAL
88N#F2^AQR[ZHAWY
C?^N-I(0QX^QKOL
M(N':-MN5PJ24A




PDU)?QD

$#XGZ%)FNY`P/PDU)=QW
+
_-)+&_C3-Q0[33W.1
MN4W#0[9]B9-0(E_[(-^BDP_!'9X/QRP9SM28#!.UOA\


<'J?!5!Z9
MV\P5ANWQQ7G
Y5&XQE?3Z7#`$)&


$-8C#&+P@!BN(P0EB
M,((8?`&'XC!!\LR'T)'7/0AMLI^?HW
S:_'[)%RN!!5\JP&OH8`WY[D)QVX

G.:R-S)SDL)(8K(S


M?'_I

ZE:
M99)J\W3

G5&H9EZ92;3H.SQTXY7(]-THS*3[J9
#FR%[TI89U?DD]%HKEE9



HE0PB5+!

;L(
M@ZF+1%/!5)LJ


M9')DSZOG;

M00Z'A:I

M3(E+.0M-UZ*3;:4=/H#'XTT*GT).&\/.C,^M-_&^-=/RA07T1&A@&AKPG[

TZR9F61;BE&0(=RD:[K(0=C*$G10-.R
S6V)PCAB
DX1H9_1M



PKJ.O=%%4KQMMA2G)ARIALVFLGA[T(
M](S8

^Y
MFO(Q2T_*[X]#F];7KCG_[%(BO@95^^-G$]8;TW:B1V%:)7F^/7(^
J@$N%


MJBYMJ;HPJBZ


)9^\D1/
$9Q_12P+@SKTA;%
MD\7]`:GD&HLE0BIQM)Q$2@,@3-?/%#$EL0Q'H6AQE@Z+FHD#@WT&#
:M5J

N/X-KLN

M\%:8I\.NI
/NC+
%1ZXY#VWQ!MDKQ%

P-+ST4
M0JRQLMZH#)

MQ@2R5M
!<&

^%.
N%NQMW\



X@TEN8W6!.&


M-S5CTIW4K&6MJ\W&RSUNLGZ/:XLG:)EMF=$?8Y).JN^A2D'N#DW6
BT;8JEE

@2!G<+G=<Q_]_V%L8J#W6+DQ'@G8
M?)(V=S
H+3!#;
^
FH?D;&T0CP53G.JYG3,])/3
M^_<]6QJHKN<20JP#<H&=<?6^IQ7$];[GD:B3R'^M#D/3)NFTA3B#5MCC:-
M1))+&ES-'EDW/
1HQ`SI7E3





M9L+=GT2[CG66V[ZNW:.!GW:HL-_
5%MX`:89@1AAAAW'*%H4485H0A11A.

M'WM9^ZY&9Z7F







MO&B$\*\:(0+PKQ4F#S







MQR'CS#\01BR0QT[.J+^QW1/?US%GWM9_3J8C]W^G(_A__L_8.[QZ^^[57C
N
M/;O]Z&T3PX@=(S&$,.','0(PX8P9`C#A3!4
.$
$0(PX
P/`C#0V;M^CHF
MR5L/-GLN$^%78^7ZJK]IF%'TA/F(^_3:1B96+%/J+5@QEO8T8&7%C5POKX\O



./BHD;-
MA5%S8]N:CUGUMN8VW:XU]RDXWWI6Q^IW2318&
];CU'Q\'AI/1DK*\1[!E9F
M]O@T#+`5-U*QZZ/_644DK1!/A21)A21C//DXQE=_GQ_&5H`GPI@DPMB*BR)L


MXHQ^X

S7\NR/L9

M^S8
;=(6;=*6



MY152^=RZ57Y

JDM;JBZ
J@NC




Q]4T#K$;CRO
CX!T8^F
D3Z/.G]FR%]'J)^=+K`B/!-=
M(&=J76!




MZ=!2KK`

M

M6ZB]8*Y!1+]C(

-P_`;:$_DD.N'`WWI#;R/JHLOT=
MW18G-]LV9.@VX1]6QR]8AO77V91WGCP



&HNC)H+

*$2)0IPH1(IKA$2X'-RY@R;[W
N73Q8JQY.3VTC0H
D`A
7A3B
%.)%(5X4XD4A7A3BI<#F9<QMMUYLTEN^_YSG

.


0(PXLPM`C#BCD
.)
)1DUHR
B5\R$AKFM+%H
);?Z'%
I*EY
M8MQ#)(Z:Z/FPJBY,&HNC)H+H^;J+DP:BZ
F@NCYL*HN3!J+HR:9]9J/F9T
MVYK/J5ZI^62QSX`+D3!J+HR:Z/FPJBY,&HNC)H+H^;J+DP:BZ
F@NCYL*H
@I\:D0H0%+RK8I$LL1ZG1K!#/`4O*
MMFL

M[I


M.






C;6D







M/8?`Z6H:GX+915U\0_


M8

M*FT1*''8$H8M8]66Q*%&&&JD+6HDCD$I#`W&K%:MYF.RO*VYS:)KS8V57^+V
M1Y18L@N%:G#,IK?\;
BO

MM7&&!XLK-TGI@:A98=YC4&




\7?4Q6;HC*/ITG2Q_SL[/4]LN&?766VGYSEMI^
MW[`?SM(Y_W26VO[:L-_.TG'_.$MM_V[8/V=VW%;S



J;XR%6(76V.
M7HU$ID)L:G-T:B3N%+/8%V7W$0B1IMC9L+=NB0_^RQJXC)H$_QR5SRW_&B
MCQGG2VS\/=;G_JIN-
T#I%=SH



M/CMZYU%G&1_.+_W9+I7C.==\[5=(]E@Z3[_BW1UAEJ-YCK$7EF^#3CTMV/

DVX1]P]







M48B6`IN7
IES[.+%6//R<&U?@_`2@<F+0KPHQ(MOC$BT*\*
2+0KPH
MQ(MOC$BT*\*
2+0KP4V+R






A0@.6











/3

MG2L



YKR\U-S:F_'DXM5\%XL'B4'UTC--CVY&
ME17A/0,KQNIW=F-W;TTKS-,A2M(A:L7%!Y#AB;L5YNEP)^EPM^)NI$/GO-T
MZ)1TZ#3V9MF0NR(\$W)SIB9W3)63W+O+;V
3NGP+-(9T/R:9QQ/Z!WB5%2


M

J^8<_ZRK6P%QM!

M%#\S87DATP9B)+=NXW%
H].E


E/$/T2B&MAB-7&#'P)Q)@P]!A+GQ@=DQTGTX;]

5E\6&P(PX8P;`C#AC!L,.&,&P(PX8P9`A#AC!D
.%
M





MV7.M^9Q1U[]X==)]NWPG'M\#QX9%O\UA0B$J%.)(3(48D,A.A3B0R%%&)$



F:P:;RD

$P(0X0P/`A#@S`L$.
!P(
M0X$P#`A#@##JGUDK_YC8I?)'S6W&5VXCKW

F@NC


TE+-

^[NOEUO3*#?*C`4K1VB*&`LLK$56/;MID!OC;AH

M?TP8D_ZXS


7LUES%N<?4!!*^H:QV2CK)-V%<FZ3O;

#]O&]0/3P3SN;6=T.`O:/0YY'9/E;7^;L^C2WXS5


M8Y46OPJY#CB
YHAS&



M.H
?#_
&

$2@
GQ
`2[JD[-T



/3BKN1#G4K



X^K!]&I68[S
M@R#4#I)6W/`99W-C&*$XXCPABB4AAB/P1D*D1YPG1+HDQ'D$1D*I*]T@XCPA

^X/6IO[UQYC;/08/Q$NR@;3DA
]01@=829
.VOY7B.!
M#%EA#:6YHP(ECADL.EM


:$


^;]B7#?NZ8=\V[/N&
M_=BPGQOV:\-^;]B?#?N[8?\J:R[&6D`:&NL2S!M=^\_
+LZBOM1\Q@6CYL*H
MN3!J+HR:Z/FPJBY,&HNC)H+H^;J+DP:BZ





$NC%

MQHY5KN2E_[Z2BU($)B\*\:(0+PKQHA`OO&B$\*\:(0+PKQHA`OO&B$\*

2+0KPHQ(MOC$BT*\*
2+
M0KPHQ(MOC$BT*\%-B\CEL\I*^K\;7I3G-+8J,I4VYC!)A7+R$X4(8*H1A
M0A@BA.%!&!J$84$8$H3A0!@*A&%`&`*$4?_,6OG'QZ5/VIN
[YZ&YFSP+2A

6LW'

&HNC)H+






.+
+0(PXHP


M.C1+.C2ON$CWW
N)^17FZ3!O[
5O1QT1\



#]AG$HZG*ZX&^G0O
(\'9HE'9I77*1[[N7$

2%O
;M\3M
MV
^B[D8[U$69MT.=M$-=U-UHA\TH\W;8E';8C+KQS**DAMHH\$:HS8V:VG'S


M8;B2L;B2.L0(0XR



M7_0/AZGA3V?OO



`W'J/;$J`Y'
9UUYTQY:QH=Y..'Y0L
M
^[=

A9&Y
#(7

A=&


A9&Y
#(71N;R%P8
MF6?6,A\+YVWFMJ*NF4]6,A=&YL+(7!B9R-S860NC
R%D;DP
A=&YL+(7!B9


A9&Y





MR8MOC$BT*\*
2+0KPHQ(MOC$BT*\*



MEV[?YO5Z3(5^Q/J\@V\9EI;M4N!++O267W?P6X:E97LV]7LN])8_=O!GAJ6E





M6_&V`J_B?56^3IE(-E@^.Z$
H597/CNA=:B2?J@R5E5)'5Z$X47&XF76K1
%


;J:93GT]JU'R*L\#R/N^SN
M_5.5[&E1X[
#



@I7B?=H?3H+'ZI.ANWUMUWAITAGQ@XS





MI8LS/




^



MRPR).N_'#)G;8*$18O/W?K1)

E87$VV5DJX$88;8]6-L?3WXD$8'F:_

M.
;M$)_;-?%C];\5[_<*8B=B;S
VQ'MS)!NL
MYT5A&#66\L&HU&%/&/:
U?.BU.%%&%Z



K19P_3G
MH


@=
MF3^&0[QX?GZO9:Q






M^^9LOC1.LN?^`-KW5..]?CA+O7XZN_W2?J4R;_?;66KWQ]E\:7P(6U[:WU3C

1GY^%@\65UB




99.`'@Q=OM\@JHH\W:HDG:H
C;/
1V
MR)/5E3

M8[O0GZ_=+KG\0[M=




#Q8

T\W3B!Z+;#1*\1(W/%[P8*\?+


6IJLA#K'M
MK5]V*RLLAV*9N[B)

MT8LO93GTNSFXBQI_7;B37KB;=2V.]J8R/J/.^^'3V-4SSKRP7$-O[+98ERU@




.#




UF





M\W;HDG;HVK0['/HO?*
PZKP?HU=O8*^'+FP&D-OO&)$1YEO`='&4@(CKK5


I:=

&
J
566S;AG!DC`L
MR5@LS;JU7;P(PXN








`W_ON`:_B-@&OXS



R%
MD;DP

S(61


A9&Y
#(71N;R%P8F6?6
M,A\KV&WFMK2MF4]6,A=&YL+(7!B9R-S860NC
R%D;DP




A9&Y




A9&Y

'6#'GFR=AYDN
MQNITD;'

?



MV=@6^EA%[_:VHRVOR]XV63V-;GZT_C0+_4FN\\-=_QWXUU3C?SABYII^A8$8

?`;
M9?Y2\2OM\&O



FCFY-Q
M&R`Y6?OCO#]0LI\LW]'AW##VV_3I1Y(71O#%X8N0LC=F'$+HS8A1&[
%(7




YFLWC.9



)X)66:MX\3HS7J7#]:/_**
3W+[`8^%^O]$X&(
MCQ+OCGACZ=4BWECYX]DIVZME
D2=]V
RS&VP;VZ7FFU^C#7^=G[

MU1/CA
DQWJTP

M*I].)V/#JS='HL&D&WT&:L:I
Z1`E#E(Q%U*Q;KP4KPK`B8[$B=2@0A@(9


\8]LA$E@9?/K&O?K
MOCQ[LP)8]S'=L:<



.#
#P(
MPX
P/`C#0V;-PUA/;SW80KMZ


.)
MC



MSW7^.M5\.CT8&]Z].8=

.S)6.S-NG57%%WT5CT37K
MUM^!&F&H
9;.MWB0.D(71NC&MJ&/E?$V=%LRUYW-V'N_\'1ZL+IR^YWKG?:F
M+#M;U+E#W!A[[TWO-?3&%
2@;`&#QM*A%H-1=Z
=4J/
7S!2I1U2H^Y&.SQ'



1.J/
7QTZI1TZ9]U\-D!B




M1E!K9==OV6
Z2KP[IHVE6_:8-M9#T2O15.@=\6^C;X?E-AOI'^'.--D%?I&
MF;O;*3-G'$+(

M6LF^K)!)H




M'^[OVIL06(D2GQE8

O-U_X4=;+CC8VFV9B.PR_







A=&YL+(7!B9R-S860NC,R%
MD;DP,A=&YL+(7!B9R-S860NC

S(61N3`RSZQE/M:HV\QM\5HSGPO:\8O'

MHA`OO&B$\*\:(0+PKQHA`OO&B$\%-B]C/;KUXJO7?%TZ%Z_Y.?9Q)Y4[
M.7SY6#(@#`'R%\8\0LC?6&$+XSLA1&],)(71O#R%T8L0LC=6&$GEG-?-S`

MWPW[5UG+?S9=O/\R=9RY?CC;-TT)?-9MQB9R-S860NC
R%D;DP
A=&YL+(
TX3^:O06V*_P*9_K!*3_EA^/\WE8UX*3M:^;$]_
MRV#6E?='E2'9MI'J<P


MY;CU

UO&7C9_(;\QV=^'JY^?@!3UBJ]:X6I
MC[1'WBR;[7F3^*D=`I`I[9'YD?;XM;)QMHT_\L`SW?4OP/FNG7Y5[+:L_ZH`
M
V._U7;+GMGRD:TR@79E?:O
J5EVW11SS&K



M-U8_7?=D$

#S(
M6#S
NO7W$KHP0L]C6^AC%;T-W9;7-71C]32Z^RT#WFZ^/`@QC[M/I[O[=C&'


!&!V%X$(8'87@0AH?

_MX6^E@F;T.W]7
-W5C[
J)^M?)R&E\:-1Y/9S48]S&8
VU)@9NH


SU97














9P/


Y-=4=
MO=YYY_/


=*W)HJZ_7.NPLW_@MOOC_7TQV!
M8P^FNN5['*83_/UOBQOE.#`=MZC#@*&.\1_J&/ZACM$?ZAC\H8ZQ'^H8^J&.


.'H0X?ACI\&.KP8:C#AZ$.'X8Z?!CJ\&&HPX=E




M:(M5PW'X
M3AR]`67X;C
&&HPX2A+29


MV^+@=-RB+0Y.=8LQPL'A..P:ZK!K:(M=PW%X



WDQUO[\;





M[_O7?O@P'


3]6/T]NE_%9FXX[2CNL


/5P


M^





_U#'R0QT#/]0Q\$
=
M`S_4

^U#'J0QVC/M0QZD
=HS[4

^U#'HR[J3

^[?&/

C\!TX'P;;'TQ;A^^#YFG*KY
S19+0WS9G^IHU[*^./D*




2+A?-RTZ-ZP


!UWO(L8/M?
CN$:3(Y_ZAK
E_FXO0._AG\/



M0_;U@-C8[J?L:Q4TLE^RKWM
(_M#]I6F!K:^@'&_
K2PD+[\I&C&N&RV.2Z;

JXZ
J[L5/?)+F74

F


NR?
68FC9J:48,G9J*<9<VCF7BF'=6O\JN#?6O^*8=U:_XKA
MWUK_BF$=L:@9X[*U[Q5?Z/O6_A6C?UO[4(P^;-59#)U$LV98M]:_Z@
ZU_I7


6S]H;?%\/:'WA;#5E9ZS9!A+
@5)5JV:JFU
M(S*
$\G0LE5+M4.&

MJ@]HV:JE&#*




+8F0XNQ-1DRC*W)F$OFQC/LPEC'+VEK
M?0W[^G7OR/SA-=YF.W]9C;?)_(4UWB;S5]1XFPP9QE9^2)]:C*W)D&%L3886

F08

3(9YS2/)6
.FJN2X:WY*!E:



XWPRIKMQ/G7BK7$^
M&98;YY

XWPRM!CGDR'#.)^


M

M`BWFXF1H


GV\RBF+O
HIB'S**8CS\9OY+
MQC22]=



M&7W?Z%^U8TB
Y#A;3&T\(Q2ZT0+SR@U0PO/*#5#\\H-4

[3=Y3-#VYVQ



M9-C*
U^M$V]YYJL9MII3LW]XRS-?S;#5?)OMD&%L39UH
;8F0X:Q-1E:C*W)






M


QSUPG)\
ZG_/(9];QSV=QDF&=S^(DPS^?MTF&=3Y3DXQQ\;XW

M7?

UBB;


M:C;#5IZU;8:W/$_;#%M9GS5#!K%@D[\!0`N_V6J&#.)$
[3PFZUFR&-
-6

M3+_(7IN]R2BJW;OLH]FGC*+:82NYJG7B+;FJ&;:2JYKA+;FJ&;:2JYI=J9.B

MAJWFJF3(
+;F
^1H
;8F0X:Q-1E:C*W)D&%L38:MYJK4B;?FJF38:JY*AK?F
MJF38:JY*A@QC:^I$B[$U&3*

MYJIDV&JN2H:WYJIDV&JN2H8



@P
MSB=#BW$^&3*


XG8YX9Y\\P?[NS^5&Q]7D#HRCV(GMM


K086Y
AP]B:[%'&7*KKP8QU


;8F







M*/8HHRCV)*

MTGDMHRAV(Z


GPUC5#
FQUS9`
;UTS)






HMH]RIZ:80^_!UK_4;\CPAY^
M#]0
.!?QFJQGR^<U6

M8#


U8


M/64RAL1]?S*FK?O^9$Q;]_;)F)KN[9
A@^^RUOEN9;3P'I!FR.![KF9HV:BE

M8:MY+-L]KWG7
5HJ)K_(T%+L38:68N\RM!3[E*&E&+;RO6'KQ%N^&VR&K:X+


;XWER?#67)P
M;\VWR?#6G)H




;<3%&)F.XC)')&#-C9#*&RQB9C.$RY^1X
M
F;FG&0

3(8
8V0RM!@CDR'#&)D
_\QQ
MS59_&+
N*F8]R_VV(L,;XN]R?VV+L
;XM]ROV&%J(D:L_:JV(%F)D,[00
M(YNAA1C9#W$R&97ZL3;TGDMP]MBMS*\+78GP]MB#S*\+8868F3K1`LQLAE:
MB)'-T$*
;(868F2S1]G3648




9=X
MYODL
\[G
\'8:IQ/AK?&\F38:KY-AK?FU&38:DY-]KSR6=35CXH]+[+79F\R

KPUEB?#5G-Q
KPUWR;#5O-M
F08
M6_.=J6@QMB9#AK$U&5J



QG\ADSXV`R))JKDG$I





M
6-=OHL;6\U5R?#67)4
6\U5R?#67)4
6\U5R9!A;%W7NVC08FQ-A@QC:S*T

FPU5R7#6W-5
FPU5R5[6?&.Z]?5JN++FXRB



M?YS.G).
TYESDC$'?=8A&5/3?)2
J6D^2L;IS`^K6BMBJ_DA&=:9'Y)AG?DA



MS78

8\D8$O-8
H;$/):
;IO'DC%M76LDHXDQ
OM`.]X;


L::

M;*
7JXTP7JSWM^\YLY\76^OVL




MEI%)I2!%9486E8I4E179[@C+UP?[CJ?%


[*H5*2J)+(ES9:12:4@165&

BE


9*@D!J*
)TN0'MD.JSM;$AMPQJ-5+CWR


MR*4RD*&2R)8T6T:RRH1
*@4I*C

M)9$M:;:

M5`8R5!+W(.D]R
BD4IB,B.+2D6JRHIL*B=C)4Z=TG$AE\I`ADKB'B2]!QF9
M5`I25&9D4:E(55F13:4A367EZUGUZ]F03:4A365'=I4#.50ZTE5VQD9TG1IQ
M(I?*0(9*XGV2OD]&LLJ$3H%*2HS
JLLR*)2D:K2&4G1=2+%B9PJ%W*I#&2H

9*@TMCHTW06Q
M(X=*1[K*B5PJ`QDJB6Q)LV5D4BE(49F11:4B5261+6FVC$PJ!2DJ
[*H5*2J
MK
AV1UC]=5=

E
MD2UIMHQ

JSZ6Z=AC25

M1:I*(EO2;!F95`I25&9D4:E(55F1[8ZP(ND$B\9PBZ:R(X=*1[K*B5PJ`QDJ
MC;$53:=6[

S(HE*1JI+(EC1;1B:5@A25&5E4*E)55F2[
;

Q5!B[0^7L&@8'
M43D39@=1.9.!#!5&+?`^]G-R!BWP/B;
?6`TC@D#&$A@


&4E`?S\;O3U485$'E

MUH23BDGPK[S[\_;R^99O7[]^^_C3WY\^WXY/+Y]__^O;FZ^WWUY_?OO=?_CE
M_9N7WS]_^?]?7I___OGM]V_?_/+\^OK\Y[]__'+[].OM)?XU__BWY^?7__WE


EC=SIL+_CS]#0[OY[:[4.O='B9A?/Y:G;8[H_3P4)\^HB-[O%QOVO3;O?U
MT!XO@Y%3^[*]P/_S\_[U3-8.NX^8.VQ/7[Z^_K;K#J\P\7G_LK_\W1N=3@Z[

M5-HGI_;Q;OHIB)LHF


MM])Z^/V0?VO-QZ_F6YE]Q[\;K8??#XT3H#J&9ZC*9'@^'\M$8)X^_J
UW\W%


5=?*;NH#F0_D/E#X0.D#E0_4/M!8P`P9
M
6E!`?]26A1?I87B20@8\Q1Z*2`&J:0^D/E`[@.%#Y0^4/E`[0.-!3@IP&S^

D/
M5J]?RH_B8Y8AW29V3)UK-_Q$L][+D*&8##$D8TC.D((A)4
JAM0
:6S$R1#6
M:3M#M(0HN$\$^9\

B=12AF0
R1E2
*1D2
60FB&-C3AA

M[!K!D-:T]EZ#J2'1M
X8DAO$-A2YZT-A2&2H9$AED-%0$'@OJ=J0R%!C(T[2
M5`=G9XTJH\?=]&CH1N636J=HM7#V)#BO-\EZ-9(#0)C%I8)O%S`@$K!:P2

M^)Q


MN4D)'SHZ=!H4;**Z#O4
K`1L-.[RZ$+USPX1+J9YEFJN:!:$&:IEERU(IHU
M:DV8I=HXJF[8JB.3PM:=FAWV`TQ?ZTYQ^J



HVM1UI.M
6(%0)6

QS[6`-1H;5G8W:M5O2E$/?:A3
1IR.JEHY9TJ;`+2M!NNT'_.J46C
MAY-IS'G]?\A:(5@KN;7*HKU3@[5%(]\:QYJ3PO`'C7F/NRLU05:$&\+P2X.E
M`I9IS%+-!5HA857K01:+6-H^J&_8

TBT$K3,[HT(LW1K`6L($WJC
M4+75D+H-=?CWHRCKAE-C*F



&6TWG6]-K3!]?4\6/E;A<:Q[J0W
M@G$[O3^KMY[O-@@$V6DG#
5/CR(UV'C
DVGLQCHU




!K28*M![R6)#DDJO7FD6+/



ME68A/G-`)B4)/F+`4^XE
S


`



OO&/P/VU/?3=T)W&%;A;JT3#/6_7

?FO:E_
(QUW(2P[=
M!2+!O]&UE34`6Z^_[6

W?4_
M982IKY4OS.%C/=:/#WWW%L'!@O5PKV69I#MPK(-K#R8=8.4@K9^D^3Z&TH-`
M`Z!?'U.1Y`_KK[#!@S;ZH(S@7VMD+-80UP2'@$[P*89$90S)@`SZ00&N/\'[
MRX@_W$R6F-SE*G#FIB62PGA2L911[AB5QH+D#B9
[A(%*B%CN_?MQGA0
931
M@AAPK$P
B6(





0
M37*F!Z6\P!!&M^Y&
Y_B2776R%8YY8+1H2A7
`D
VZ$24T:*(K%)T`B\%E
C
M1M-^-



*@EUE^)]$!0EU0C9F##X4E6&'9
MN4_=4F&I/E^X/4B$&M


EY:*-;
MY\!3.UU4W]56QI#1N6'&Z$C#BV\C7!*=)*@S%
EF@


M/&^L`BT[-$DIIG`$Y4ICY&E.I/:0
M-
/*:@G#4F1
&`E[V6O(9=B-3+/GY9B'DTY##
6
U-+-UJWB7`O+K0-6:S
S



9M:U[5JS9;
MT!



M[+F=TUW%Z(X^OZ&%YXW1'5`U4].5E).](9R*#6&/;U'8#J/IGK1HW^FA594
MG9
J$BTA



2@%QX`&%64EW3]CJ?=8@!L#
M0L!/L9PC`2ML\!2PVDRUPC8)/Q6`RMK$Q^^^[C7+\T?=?_2WH;HTIR@&!(Y

M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#$YZWR#A




M\^5T?KQ951_6JZOCX]WYZ^GQ^\WJ?_XY_FVWNKJ\W#Y^O;T_/QYO5O\Z7E9_

JW\_/#

MBU?R?+R_?8']EQ^GITO0]G#W'G4/M\^__7SZV]WYX0DJOISN3R__6I2NKA[N


&?`-;R++B+E_HJ+CMVY&&SK`Y!\



@ED



024[/


M!%N_$\YW%I6KYXJ)5.9S$PFB4'OL$@C'==^O^SW08$O89;XM/%=T57&][48
MH0UC]=B3TPRE#7K+?=^(*YJW='6;KU!RG`FDS$%]98PU$-`?!9=J55

MF^@AED3$!7O4*:2F5
&]Y5RC\FWC:QOHRB)$$$^B8K4


2L8[)LA[84+G=`:SKVNU^7R2J

LJ7X?JC;]Q`IMUN2\
;*YJ
M1C9EGH
V7VNV=;OMBE)C296RK-U%11;-4/D6N(B:XP3$II

M+:XJ3



8L.;@*A:Q1ED82]
CWO^
-P0N/+FI&`V
M8K(Y-;S







MFB0T

A*R$1@E-$IH9Q*QV:S!+=:IA?_J\:6'G'92@

X@BY924T)LCM`-I*7/%.B2/HF1G$?76]7B[KSL&%
M3Q[JD'&Q.XE#(




MKHQK)&B;6TWJ$S0S06ZUOD=P+:2TVD-;:
]J5WG]0(+;-UJ0U[7S!VG\0J78
M:%M2PQ*-QG]5\T247-=W%;-3#,+!1J'5MT6F#=C@A*L%B&`*5#NR$(I@0N



^N





C@ZG3;X`O


VN&Q-+CG\
MO*30E?H@9B0N2XR^!5G&1BO!/1@KB41;=KR!I39%OM,T-'O/)3G#$'92$9


Q$65I6[7S:XH42:QI.!X

M4MD'DG
=(1N[.$Z8Q)6

+G!8*@(M3%^70@KB+4
M1;::Q)6L]B.^
]1ZS=_+FD^0JY!9
(JR
00N'NNBH9O$E:SV([XSUJX%I&+\
MUJ.!O6







)M&D4G#J@
M3:/T6\3`[_0*3_LM8H`3N/1G`
6=X7%@.(.\I*BP2
HU'ZW1K^J/D&BCO[



MF8

4]VM4L:!`=C8)'




TR#?\V$*3
M0;ZI%`,9HU+PJQ&,HVGK&\P/?BNIC`.*42D6%/?[2BG3-^C;_G%X<\`RJ!2


7/X+;^D#*`
*L6`XKX)(&7PM0*
HU'P^WU0].BTL$#;NPQU
MPLTB@'%J!3\D![C:#)]A4Z+KV=(J_$QD(/[UH:DX&L?!_?%#4GI*_13_[Y\
MF3N@&)5B07&?H=TH1[XKQ@(;:@'*@6?LX%M:CVH4`_\[R2$-M0#E8(OOT;
M6@^0.EH$A@KKRO\0MQBEKY!3_M*AH.#1P?W12$9`7SC)9I%'S8.
LE.NH




/_<
M@(%(^^Q6OSS

MH%[GT%9)M(KF2),(#E!H*4!*E

M%







M\FM7)S5T%)5

M(D8]8;D

M5ZLH8[&


MUM['2T-%.:\L3S9_
6XP_

M+&\V&S%]

HD9I9I3J#`L

M4YL-/ROY=%92D-BTC


MRO)FL^3'(Y^.1Q(RZBY16LMQS/26J\UVZRQ[:B@IQIGR-9UN8*FO!2&Y;D

M6)8

OG52G(B+]&&VP@!@M+=[JAIJTSHK
M4ZR2-O6WSEM4+DVQ;LJR

MLT4&H


MQ![*OEE8=%CS1\CJ'J4U[6BI5$-7ZX7/)+:;7OARZJW0EI.W4F.3M\KR9J^[


*!M
78N




M@@LS1


MZ-_W//X+``#__P






ML!#N&#-*X5=B)NHD9N:LSP!/PD**CVFP(8$
0AE$
HAED
@@G0`A/E3KK\1'

2!_T+&1T5')%54.H\H8M$)A40*B162*2=$B%T--ZOA$[4

M=\


\)A!Z_'
;OCV@#3R=
M+/1&7



W'@)`/-MW!9EK\=`PT+*3
Z=\`^P*(*)KD(-:
3#0L%:R)



)B:#W!UX


M=D
[.TOTZXB'CQ3^VL/M!$

2K9\\B%$8\E?

ME020D')0QZ`I/%(5JB2A!2'*HDAB;42G%/(HC9=M@.O=?%CHX9O.@FV8_BF
MDV!7AF\Z39GE(1.@BT8ONDD_L;#[5&-\V#/
7]?\=+:X)(#6SJ)CPR0DU9G





M3[O#^T


;;?6P^;'?OI\C(\?MV_H,
M_T^ONX^36-MO_HFY_?KX_<?'E\UA_P$3WW9ON_-?H=%D8K\)6B_OA^/ZVQO:
M_6<FO]Z([?`?9'Z_VQP/I\/S^0;F4I&CW.92JI2I<?[IQU:H!Y[XKA]?DA^


M;21S4RP4\K?%NW]N)*^-X*\V\GE';K4-_!5'TI]NS9TV@K]BY/.MP4`*GRO^

])!ZH
X\_FGBRC4SN#
MF/G\\\U(5ZL/VLR_>

2:<GZKK\_KQ_GCXE<DCT@^?:S5$I()U!2C9R8]






'?!P@5+%ZQBP.IPS$34X;GT99`K
M

M1`9$AD1&1
9$)D2F1&9$YD061)9$5G%BQ0*6$XH%M2N(-IB\`BA]K!8(K4N_

B8R(3
M(E
B

M(DTB+2)M(ATB72(](GTB`R)#(B
B8R(3(E
B
R)S(@LB2R*K.+'Z%]MU7_\J




SQC-!5UM

M4(VUZAK%-E
-T3+CO\FHQ:C-MCJB9?SJ
NHQZK.M`6L-&8T8C=G6A+6FC&:





EYGMLJR]:NBEIY[$-1'ZU*4.C)76-N*XQ




?PVQ%JY4UC994UN+*VHPZ

3\

M5]&H8-)\548UC6*O8.JS%FQP06;C%I2T`S8MD:QR.]PP2ZC'MOJS)^#;C@

5E(P]
N.B/^1B\YR+EJCWQRZ
M1
ND!*J
:HSJ&L4/71H5S#FLR:C%J
VV.AK%7AEW&?48]=G6@+6&C$:
QFQK



MTZ)G'T5$]'VZZ/LJ^^WQ95O9OKV=$IO#CW?D$3*X./!X?^'1-_D0GX&J$+LE
M1X*8#%2]+%E!HK_^YY3!]P*_AD'D\#*^+QBZ[G)ER%-#.1?@`C;7_#4/^SY!
M.1_@3BX7&
%5U8


MMP8D:F?)$NPD$2$^?:%&`L^79Y:(]/@A


B#
68+D=U#W2I#V#E32D<L@KQVHW-+*IE;U!.NYLY\
MT(!$O4_A


1M_LCZLGL.:3X`8*1J-/@HLG@;IAP'&`RR88



N3X$8@XLTGJ632\



^RW+:%


M6
R.V_UI:D?8G/_
&
/S\W[7JV'W?NQ/5SO(N3]LKXC_\KI_N[C1CKL_
]QQ


MY^$R/%]O
-S



MW13%CJE=@'Z[+ZNJN)U]0TIWI-0*2JE&YS1
6LVX*@=T!



MH?!YV1J+
6[GKK7(`OS@9U(7399:K^3




MG9=5LUQD5*-I*&%;FZ.Y%#7O#:

M-0NEM%)F





H


MNHITPK):CUA=EJ&4QGV(Q


MRBK_RNM(R5_8S%=UG5VHJT@G)
@.;LDJ+2&9IAM.TP0E)41:\7V-LXPP39CD
M7B;JAA



MC?G(.:@1M231L#$-C

MGQ(12.77-2761Y(H2)0HP4$*?B2;ML;ZX-M:B`T2)4HT).9[G-NT=871I
W1


M!8D2);AXA1_)IBV7FQ:O+3QJ/!YMS-L


MN3V_[$^7R:%_1E
NQA\8G.WOU.P?5_LT



_T+Q_O\```#__P


MEO/TFB08A%6B:2W49`=(9OS\K)*.R=;#@V\=^*`!DTBRR*2KR28$QRA%N0$C
M

M8

G1/`-Y[
M__QS_@4``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`(/JJ#/K!```CQ0``!```%D;V-0

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````











MQM#E3`Z%T%:2`$R6Q\
2%C(2'G]_WKLF9(2
/L657;1RA6.KS*B37,+!


``#Z.```$P``````````````
M````````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0U53`C


M```/`````````````````)X
``!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`














M.YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`OX0:T6D%``!3%P``&0``````````````

`@``D0<``!D`````






M='









YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`



M`BT`%``&``@````A`%7Z.VT^&P``)K$``!D`````````````````#@$!`'AL








0)OL`0@``+`D```9````````````

M='




RYX
M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`#9ZIC3H*``(
```&0````````````````#T






YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`1PI/WZ(+



M``@````A`)20P4]!)```T[
``!D`````````````````G3

M:&5E='




M+W-H965T
C






M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`.4&5LYL`@``D`4``!D`````````````````^6T%


M=#$W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`S$]JZMPL``*(]```9````````````



M2P$+0`4``8`````$`;DEQ5`(``/*0``&`````````````````LK@4`




3

M2P$+0`4``8`````$`]839'A,3```I7```&0````````````````!'`8`

M










P$L0*B8`

M3X[=!.4+``#Z


4/9``!@@P0`


V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````
&PO=V]R

U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`1L^\V#PH``.8H


M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`.S]:*LU`0``0`(``!$`````````````````X[\(


@(````
`
end











    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

835

224


        

662

881



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

000

000



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

030
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

000
000

000


        

676
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

662

119




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
As of December 28
857
6
7
870
41
484
16
(428
112
20
36
8
65
14
14
40
3
2
46
15
2
17
989
530
36
(428
1
127
2
140
63
(2
203
Property
 plant and equipment
172
356
137
666
Intangible assets
15
340
232
588
21
424
255
701
115
115
40
373
1
(370
44
3
381
2
088
777
(3
003
3
244
10
9
19
425
21
22
(425
43
85
20
11
(3
113
520
41
43
(428
176
Long-term debt
680
557
(370
866
36
4
40
123
14
138
1
360
41
620
(799
1
223
2
020
2
047
156
(2
203
2
020
3
381
2
088
777
(3
003
3
244
As of December 29
96
5
103
35
405
(342
98
21
41
2
65
8
2
10
12
12
174
455
3
(342
290
1
449
(1
449
Property
 plant and equipment
148
305
453
Intangible assets
14
322
337
21
359
381
62
62
26
26
1
835
1
443
66
(1
792
1
552
359
36
(342
54
54
22
77
414
59
(342
131
Long-term debt
250
250
61
61
46
46
772
59
(342
489
1
062
1
384
65
(1
449
1
062
1
835
1
443
66
(1
792
1
552
416


        
For the year ended December 28
679
1
231
40
(228
1
723
530
931
27
(228
1
261
Selling
91
76
3
170
24
68
5
98
14
9
23
661
1
075
45
(228
1
553
18
156
(5
169
(36
3
(4
(38
27
28
Other income/(expense)
(3
(3
7
7
105
(105
110
159
(1
(105
163
1
52
54
108
107
(2
(105
108
For the year ended December 29
658
1
216
14
(188
1
701
512
894
13
(188
1
232
Selling
80
71
151
23
61
85
616
1
027
13
(188
1
469
42
188
231
(24
(24
Other income/(expense)
(1
3
1
(2
(2
119
(119
137
191
(2
(119
206
6
70
76
130
121
(1
(119
130
For the year ended December 31
721
1
238
27
(191
1
797
553
879
26
(191
1
268
Selling
67
68
136
23
55
78
644
1
002
26
(191
1
483
77
236
313
(37
(37
Other income/(expense)
(2
(2
(1
(1
145
(145
183
235
(1
(145
272
14
89
102
169
146
(145
169
418


        
For the year ended December 28
108
107
(2
(105
108
Other comprehensive income (loss)
(14
(14
15
15
1
1
Total other comprehensive income
16
(14
1
125
107
(16
(105
110
For the year ended December 29
130
121
(1
(119
130
Other comprehensive income (loss)
(1
(1
Total other comprehensive income
130
121
(1
(119
130
For the year ended December 31
169
146
(145
169
Other comprehensive income (loss)
(10
(10
Total other comprehensive income
(9
(9
159
146
(145
159
502


        
For the year ended December 28
108
107
(2
(105
108
(105
105
135
(39
5
101
139
67
3
210
(45
(68
(4
(118
Acquisitions
(121
(612
(734
(600
(63
(44
663
(44
(370
370
Gross proceeds from sale of property
1
1
2
1
1
(2
(2
(645
(622
(662
1
034
(895
200
144
344
245
48
293
(5
(5
370
(370
(11
(1
(13
840
840
555
108
(663
(3
(3
1
1
1
266
555
670
(1
034
1
457
(5
(5
760
6
767
96
5
103
857
6
7
870
For the year ended December 29
130
121
(1
(119
130
(119
119
175
(56
118
185
64
(1
249
(49
(65
(115
Acquisitions
(3
(3
(43
(43
43
(43
Gross proceeds from sale of property
2
1
3
1
2
4
(92
(61
(43
43
(153
(30
(30
43
(43
(4
(4
2
2
(31
43
(43
(31
61
3
(1
64
35
1
1
38
96
5
103
For the year ended December 31
169
146
(145
169
(145
145
184
(114
1
71
207
32
1
240
(23
(36
(60
Acquisitions
(1
(1
(23
(23
23
(23
Gross proceeds from sale of property
1
(47
(35
(23
23
(83
(270
(270
131
131
(291
(291
293
293
23
(23
(1
(1
1
1
(137
23
(23
(137
22
(3
1
19
13
5
19
35
1
1
38
936




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

756

399


        

749

700


        

183

132


Intangible assets amortization
 including taxable goodwill

040

981


        

732

925


        
        

134


        

306

733


        

766

004


        
        
        


        

895

704


        
        
        


Intangible assets amortization
 including taxable goodwill

779

083


Property
 plant and equipment depreciation

535

772


        

842)
        


        

209

855


        

365

710


        

470)

006)


        

289

609


        

759)

615)




        
          

        
          
            

 Investment in DGD Joint Venture
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Investment in DGD Joint Venture
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Other Liabilities
 Noncurrent [Table Text Block]
December 28
December 29
11
31
Reserve for self insurance
 litigation
27
28
1
2
40
61
539




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Noncurrent [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries Darling National
 Griffin and its subsidiary Craig Protein
 Darling AWS LLC
 Terra Holding Company
 Darling Global Holdings Inc.
 Darling Northstar LLC
 Terra Renewal Services
 Inc. and EV Acquisition
 Inc. (collectively
 the 8.5% Note Guarantors).  The 8.5% Note Guarantors fully and unconditionally guaranteed the 8.5% Notes on a joint and several basis.  The following financial statements present condensed consolidating financial data for (i) Darling
 the issuer of the 8.5% Notes
 (ii) the combined 8.5% Note Guarantors
 (iii) the combined other subsidiaries of the Company that did not guarantee the 8.5% Notes
 including Darling Canada (the Non-guarantors)
 and (iv) eliminations necessary to arrive at the Company's consolidated financial statements
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2012
 and the condensed consolidating statements of operations
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
As of December 28
857
6
7
870
41
484
16
(428
112
20
36
8
65
14
14
40
3
2
46
15
2
17
989
530
36
(428
1
127
2
140
63
(2
203
Property
 plant and equipment
172
356
137
666
Intangible assets
15
340
232
588
21
424
255
701
115
115
40
373
1
(370
44
3
381
2
088
777
(3
003
3
244
10
9
19
425
21
22
(425
43
85
20
11
(3
113
520
41
43
(428
176
Long-term debt
680
557
(370
866
36
4
40
123
14
138
1
360
41
620
(799
1
223
2
020
2
047
156
(2
203
2
020
3
381
2
088
777
(3
003
3
244
As of December 29
96
5
103
35
405
(342
98
21
41
2
65
8
2
10
12
12
174
455
3
(342
290
1
449
(1
449
Property
 plant and equipment
148
305
453
Intangible assets
14
322
337
21
359
381
62
62
26
26
1
835
1
443
66
(1
792
1
552
359
36
(342
54
54
22
77
414
59
(342
131
Long-term debt
250
250
61
61
46
46
772
59
(342
489
1
062
1
384
65
(1
449
1
062
1
835
1
443
66
(1
792
1
552
For the year ended December 28
679
1
231
40
(228
1
723
530
931
27
(228
1
261
Selling
91
76
3
170
24
68
5
98
14
9
23
661
1
075
45
(228
1
553
18
156
(5
169
(36
3
(4
(38
27
28
Other income/(expense)
(3
(3
7
7
105
(105
110
159
(1
(105
163
1
52
54
108
107
(2
(105
108
For the year ended December 29
658
1
216
14
(188
1
701
512
894
13
(188
1
232
Selling
80
71
151
23
61
85
616
1
027
13
(188
1
469
42
188
231
(24
(24
Other income/(expense)
(1
3
1
(2
(2
119
(119
137
191
(2
(119
206
6
70
76
130
121
(1
(119
130
For the year ended December 31
721
1
238
27
(191
1
797
553
879
26
(191
1
268
Selling
67
68
136
23
55
78
644
1
002
26
(191
1
483
77
236
313
(37
(37
Other income/(expense)
(2
(2
(1
(1
145
(145
183
235
(1
(145
272
14
89
102
169
146
(145
169
For the year ended December 28
108
107
(2
(105
108
Other comprehensive income (loss)
(14
(14
15
15
1
1
Total other comprehensive income
16
(14
1
125
107
(16
(105
110
For the year ended December 29
130
121
(1
(119
130
Other comprehensive income (loss)
(1
(1
Total other comprehensive income
130
121
(1
(119
130
For the year ended December 31
169
146
(145
169
Other comprehensive income (loss)
(10
(10
Total other comprehensive income
(9
(9
159
146
(145
159
For the year ended December 28
108
107
(2
(105
108
(105
105
135
(39
5
101
139
67
3
210
(45
(68
(4
(118
Acquisitions
(121
(612
(734
(600
(63
(44
663
(44
(370
370
Gross proceeds from sale of property
1
1
2
1
1
(2
(2
(645
(622
(662
1
034
(895
200
144
344
245
48
293
(5
(5
370
(370
(11
(1
(13
840
840
555
108
(663
(3
(3
1
1
1
266
555
670
(1
034
1
457
(5
(5
760
6
767
96
5
103
857
6
7
870
For the year ended December 29
130
121
(1
(119
130
(119
119
175
(56
118
185
64
(1
249
(49
(65
(115
Acquisitions
(3
(3
(43
(43
43
(43
Gross proceeds from sale of property
2
1
3
1
2
4
(92
(61
(43
43
(153
(30
(30
43
(43
(4
(4
2
2
(31
43
(43
(31
61
3
(1
64
35
1
1
38
96
5
103
For the year ended December 31
169
146
(145
169
(145
145
184
(114
1
71
207
32
1
240
(23
(36
(60
Acquisitions
(1
(1
(23
(23
23
(23
Gross proceeds from sale of property
1
(47
(35
(23
23
(83
(270
(270
131
131
(291
(291
293
293
23
(23
(1
(1
1
1
(137
23
(23
(137
22
(3
1
19
13
5
19
35
1
1
38
936




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


Operating Loss Carryforward
 Amount Relating to May 2002 Recapitalization

900
000
        


        

000
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance

000

000


        

000
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increase Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions

000
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

600
000
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount

000
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

900
000
        


Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount

000
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount

000
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Amount Relating to Prior Capitalization
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2010





          



 2013



          



 2013





          



 2013






 Dollars

          



 2013






 Dollars

          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013






 Dollars

          



 2013





          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013





          



 2013








 Dollars

          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013





          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013





          



 2014





          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014









          



 2014









          



 2014









          



 2014









          



 2014









          



 2014









          



 2014









          



 2014









          



 2014









          



 2014
















 2014











          



 2014











          



 2014
















 2013


 2014



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        

650
000
000
        

000
000
000
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Commitment Fee Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

350
000
000
        

000
000
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Periodic Payment
 Percent of Principal
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Finance Costs
 Net

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Capital Lease Obligations
 Current
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Capital Lease Obligations
 Noncurrent
        

700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Base Rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Canadian Prime Rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate at Period End
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

662
000
        

881
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Redemption
 Principal Amount Redeemed
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Redemption
 Redemption Premium Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Redemption
 Accrued Interest and Penalties
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Spread on Base Rate
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Spread on Canadian Prime Rate
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Periodic Payment
 Percent of Principal
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Redemption
 Accrued Interest and Penalties
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Redemption
 Principal Amount Redeemed
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Redemption
 Redemption Premium Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Term
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the carrying amount (net of accumulated amortization) as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013





          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013





          



 2013



          



 2013





          



 2013



          



 2013





          



 2013



          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013



          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

600
000

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000


Foreign Currency Exchange Rate
 Translation
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Contingent Receivable
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

493
000
        

651
000
        

418
000
        

405
000

802
000

172
000

225
000

571
000

967
000

770
000

418
000
        
        

300
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

637
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

369
000
        
        
        

637
000

369
000
        

668
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        


Business Combination
 Goodwill Deductible for Tax Purposes
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Acquired finite-lived Intangible assets
 weighted-average useful life
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Acquisition
 Transaction Costs
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Finance Costs
 Gross
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Net of Cash Acquired
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

075
000

000
000

754
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Net [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

304
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000

000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

386
000
        
        
        

600
000
        

600
000
        

000
000
        

200
000
        

200
000

400
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

031
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

100
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

600
000
        


Business Acquisition
 Goodwill
 Expected Tax Deductible Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000
        

      
        

      



              

 $8.3 million in transaction costs in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 and $14.2 million in the fourth quarter relating to the Terra Transaction








        
          

        
          
            

 Contingent Receivable
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Goodwill Deductible for Tax Purposes
 Percent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Other Assets
 Net
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 accounting
 and other costs incurred to consummate the business acquisition.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain. Such amount is before the consideration of accumulated amortization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

109

982

903


        

213

368

461


        
        
        
        


        

804

408

831


        
        
        
        


        

396

015

233


        
        
        

812


        

994)
        
        


        

907

607

045


        

711

015

876




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

797
000
        

553
000
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

000
        

178
000
        


        
        

102
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

307
000
        

451
000
        

052
000
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

904
000)
        

084
000
        
        
        


        
        

761
000)
        

617
000)
        
        
        


        
        

000)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

966
000
        

797
000
        

553
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

519
000
        

235
000
        
        
        


        
        

147
000
        

026
000
        
        
        


        
        

973
000
        

875
000
        
        
        


        
        

761
000)
        

617
000)
        
        
        


        
        

898
000
        

519
000
        

235
000
        


        
        

068
000)
        

278
000)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

097
000)
        

278
000)
        
        
        


        
        

068
000)
        

278
000)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

738
000
        

714
000
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

000
        
        
        


        
        

770
000
        

888
000
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Tax
        

400
000
        

400
000
        
        
        


        
        

939
000
        

797
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

000
        

178
000
        


        
        

307
000
        

451
000
        

052
000
        


        
        

277
000)
        

709
000)
        

888
000)
        


        
        

261
000
        

845
000
        

814
000
        


        
        

000
        

000
        

000
        


        
        

881
000
        

927
000
        

219
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

184
000
        

912
000
        

668
000
        


        
        

869
000
        

145
000)
        

806
000)
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Amortization
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Prior Service Cost Recognized in Net Periodic Pension Cost
 Net of Tax
        

000
        

000
        

000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000)
        


        
        

140
000
        

169
000)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

078
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

094
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

770
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

179
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

444
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

681
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

002
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

800
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        

149
000
        

200
000
        

100
000
        




 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

508
000
        

720
000
        
        
        




 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

390
000
        

799
000
        
        
        




 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

654
000
        

255
000
        
        
        




 Long Term [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

906
000
        

064
000
        
        
        




 Long Term [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

748
000
        

191
000
        
        
        




 Long Term [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

000
        
        
        




 Short Term [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        




 Short Term [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

000
        
        
        




 Short Term [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

028
000
        

997
000
        
        
        




 Domestic [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

137
000
        

563
000
        
        
        




 Domestic [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

891
000
        

434
000
        
        
        




 Domestic [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

445
000
        

313
000
        
        
        




 International [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

465
000
        

551
000
        
        
        




 International [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

000
        
        
        




 International [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        

254
000
        

371
000
        

386
000
        






        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        

000
[3]
[4]

000
[3]
[4]

000
[3]
[4]


Multiemployer Plans
 IRS Extended Amortization Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        

113
000
        

083
000
        

009
000
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Contributions To Individual Plan
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations
        
        
        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations
        
        
        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 2013 and December&#xA0;29
 2012



              




              
              


              

 Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Plan under collective bargaining agreements that require minimum funding contributions. Certain of these agreements have expired and are being renegotiated with others having expiration dates through April 30








        
          

        
          
            

 Acquisition Cost
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net Amortization and Deferral
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Contributions To Individual Plan
 Percent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 IRS Extended Amortization Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Funded Status of Plan
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including gain (loss)
 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition asset (obligation).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise separately disclosed in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















 2011

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

617
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options outstanding at the beginning of year
 Weighted-average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

634
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted-average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exercised
 Weighted-average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Weighted-average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Expired
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

251

617
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options outstanding at the end of year
 Weighted-average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining contractual life (in years)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

617
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining contractual life (in years)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

458
        
        
        
        
        
        

024


Stock awards outstanding at the beginning of year
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

652

780

000

575

000

000

041

878

575


Shares granted
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Restrictions Lapsed
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000)

894)

000)

250)

761)

720)

725)


Shares vested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

667)


Shares forfeited
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

238
        
        
        
        
        
        

207


Stock awards outstanding at the end of year
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Restrictions Lapsed
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Restrictions Lapsed
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2013

          



 2013



          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2013







          



 2012







          



 2013







          



 2012







          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013







          



 2012







          



 2013







          



 2012







          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2012







          



 2013









          



 2013







          



 2012







          



 2013







          



 2012







          



 2013







          



 2012







          



 2013







          



 2012







          



 2013





          



 2013



          



 2010





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative
 Notional Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative
 Forward Exchange Rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

028
000

028
000
        

000
        
        

469
000

000

559
000

000
        
        
        
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        

349
000

000
        
        

516
000
        

500
000
        
        
        

000
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss)
 Unrealized

500
000

516
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000

000
        

000
        
        

000

000

000

000
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        

598
000
        

000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        

000)
        

350
000
        

000
        


Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        

527
000
        

527
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000)
        

000
        

267
000)
        

486
000
        
        
        


Gain Recognized in Income on Derivatives
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
        

000
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000)
        

000
        

000
        

000
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 before Tax
        

600
000
        

000)
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000)

229
000)
        
        
        
        

350
000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 Tax
        

900
000
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000)

000)
        
        
        
        

852
000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 2013 and December&#xA0;29
 2012



              

 respectively



              









        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Amount [Abstract]
        
        
        


        

287

375

303


State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

017

124

226


        
        

830

306


        
        
        
        


        

342)
        
        


Other
 net

861

092

652


        

711

015

876




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


 2013



          



 2013










 2013










 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2014





          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014







          



Debt Instrument
 Redemption [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Redemption Price
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Redemption Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Redemption Price
 Percentage of Principal Amount Redeemed
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Redemption Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company&#8217;s operations are exposed to market risks relating to commodity prices that affect the Company&#8217;s cost of raw materials
The Company makes limited use of derivative instruments to manage cash flow risks related to interest expense
 natural gas usage
 diesel fuel usage
 inventory
December&#160;28
 2013
 the Company had natural gas swaps and corn options outstanding that qualified and were designated for hedge accounting as well as natural gas swaps
Entities are required to report all derivative instruments in the statement of financial position at fair value.&#160;&#160;The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e.
 gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and
 if so
 on the reason for holding the instrument.&#160;&#160;If certain conditions are met
 entities may elect to designate a derivative instrument as a hedge of exposures to changes in fair value
 cash flows or foreign currencies.&#160;&#160;If the hedged exposure is a cash flow exposure
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported initially as a component of other comprehensive income (outside of earnings) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings.&#160;&#160;Any amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness as well as the ineffective portion of the gain or loss are reported in earnings immediately.&#160;&#160;If the derivative instrument is not designated as a hedge
In November 2013
.  Under the terms of the exchange contracts
December&#160;28
 2013
On May&#160;19
 2006
 the Company entered into two interest rate swap agreements that were considered cash flow hedges according to FASB authoritative guidance.  In December 2010
 as a result of the Merger and entry into a new Credit Agreement the term loan that specifically related to these interest swap transactions was repaid.  As such
 representing the fair value of these two interest swap transactions at the discontinuance date with the effective portion recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss to be reclassified to income over the remaining original term of the interest rate swaps which ended April&#160;7
 2012.
December&#160;28
 2013
 all of the 
December&#160;28
 2013
 contracts have settled while the remaining contract positions and activity are disclosed below.  From time to time
December&#160;28
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December 28
December 29
2
2
27
27
30
December 28
December 29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
7
5
(1
7
5
(1
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2012
Gains and (losses) reclassified from accumulated OCI into income (effective portion) for interest rate swaps and natural gas swaps is included in interest expense and cost of sales
 respectively
Gains and (losses) recognized in income on derivatives (ineffective portion) for interest rate swaps and natural gas swaps is included in other income/(expense)
December&#160;28
 2013
 of natural gas and diesel fuel.&#160;&#160;These forward purchase agreements have no net settlement provisions and the Company intends to take physical delivery.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 the forward purchase agreements are not subject to the requirements of fair value accounting because they qualify as normal purchases as defined.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December 28
December 29
137
123
4
5
5
(12
13
(4
(4
129
137
106
96
13
13
3
1
(4
(4
118
106
(11
(31
(11
(31
(11
(31
(11
(31
26
50
26
50
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2012
 respectively.


        
December 28
December 29
129
137
125
137
118
106
519


        
December 28
December 29
December 31
1
5
5
6
(7
(6
(6
5
4
2
3
3
3
219


        
3
2
11
(4
15
(1
169


        
2
2
094


        
December 28
December 29
December 31
December 28
December 29
December 31



        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2012
 by asset category
December 28
December 29
 2012


        
Based upon the plans&#8217; funded status
 time horizon
 risk tolerances
 performance expectations
 asset class constraints and asset-liability study results
 target asset allocation ranges are as follows:


        
Balances as&#160;&#160;December 29
40
14
26
44
43
1
20
19
106
77
28
Balances as December 28
60
22
37
40
38
1
17
16
118
77
41
390


        
The following benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate
5
6
6
6
7
39
800


        
1
1
1
Central States
1
1
1
3
3
3
The Company has several plants that participate in the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan under collective bargaining agreements that require minimum funding contributions.  Certain of these agreements have expired and are being renegotiated with others having expiration dates through May 31
The Company has several processing plants that participate in the Central States
 Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Plan under collective bargaining agreements that require minimum funding contributions.  Certain of these agreements have expired and are being renegotiated with others having expiration dates through April 30
 2016.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
As of December 31
December 31
December 31
488
230
213
15
(5
324




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 name of each investee or group of investments
 percentage ownership
 difference between recorded amount of an investment and the value of the underlying equity in the net assets
 and summarized financial information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

470

785

294


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

792)
        
        


        

078
        

024
        

753
        

823

908

307

829

741

678

785

294

      
        

      



              

 $8.3 million in transaction costs in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 and $14.2 million in the fourth quarter relating to the Terra Transaction








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        

749
        

786
        

593
        

422

915

732

674

108

723
550

701
429

797
249


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

261
101

232
604

268
221


Selling
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

825

713

135


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

787

371

909


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

271
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

553
984

469
688

483
265


        

536
        

652
        

802
        

576

487

776

968

510

566

741

984


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

108)

054)

163)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

107
        
        


Other income/(expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

547)

760

955)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

660

662)

572)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

078
        

024
        

753
        

823

908

307

829

741

678

785

294


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

711

015

876


        

493
        

651
        

418
        

405

802

172

225

571

967

770

418



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

789

897

990


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

740

199

218


Selling
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

723

432

829


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

794

542

531


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

074
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

331

173

578


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

458

724

412


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

964)

047)

161)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

516
        
        


Other income/(expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

373)

572)

533)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

178

953

950


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

815

058

668


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

848

288

250


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

967

770

418



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

231
617

216
264

238
858


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

088

820

277


Selling
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

016

141

149


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

139

807

356


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

075
243

027
768

002
782


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

374

496

076


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

281
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income/(expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

355
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

668

844

595


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

351

523

011


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

317

321

584



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

472

425

484


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

601

742

809


Selling
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

086
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

854
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

197
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

738

904

988


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

266)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

425)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income/(expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

660

662)

572)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

627)

164)

019)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

139)

368)
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

328)

157)

083)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

328)

157)

083)


Selling
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

328)

157)

083)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income/(expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

178)

953)

950)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

178)

953)

950)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

178)

953)

950)

      
        

      



              

 $8.3 million in transaction costs in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 and $14.2 million in the fourth quarter relating to the Terra Transaction








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Selected pro forma information
 for comparative purposes
December&#160;28
December&#160;28
2
338
Property
 plant and equipment
1
428
Intangible assets
1
205
1
451
224
6
647
724
2
316
742
2
864
6
647
The following table presents selected pro forma information
 for comparative purposes assuming the VION Acquisition and Rothsay Acquisition had occurred on December 30
 2012 (unaudited) (in thousands
December&#160;28
4
105
357
158
334




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
Fair Value Measurements at December 28
30
30
30
30
275
275
275
275
003




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 which may be measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

902

087


        

802

114


Accrued income
 ad valorem
 and franchise taxes

651

817


Reserve for self insurance
 litigation
 environmental and tax matters (Note 19)

878

810


        

960

671


        

512

258


        

306
        


        

592
        


        

571

831


        

174

588




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Litigation
 Environmental And Tax Matters
 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as electrical power
 heating oil
 natural gas
 and water. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whether or not reported to the insurer at that date.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











Inventory
 Net [Abstract]
        
        


        

681

064


        

452

001


        

133

065




        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and allowances
 as of the balance sheet date of inventories not otherwise specified in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Income before Income Tax
 Domestic and Foreign
December 28
December 29
December 31
174
206
272
(10
163
206
272
294


        
December 28
December 29
December 31
8
54
58
7
10
13
15
65
72
40
10
26
3
(1
38
10
30
54
76
102
876


        
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2011
December 28
December 29
December 31
57
72
95
State income taxes
5
7
11
(4
(5
(9
Other
1
1
1
54
76
102
876


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December 28
December 29
10
10
9
8
4
12
Intangible assets amortization
7
1
4
1
1
9
7
45
44
44
43
Intangible assets amortization
(63
(22
Property
(67
(53
(31
(3
(1
(166
(77
(121
(34
17
12
(138
(46
(121
(34
006




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Darling International Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (Darling
 and together with its subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 is a leading provider of rendering
 used cooking oil and bakery residual recycling and recovery solutions to the U.S. and Canadian food industry.&#160; Darling collects and recycles animal by-products
 bakery residual and used cooking oil from poultry and meat processors
 commercial bakeries
 grocery stores
 butcher shops
 processing and transfer facilities located throughout the United States and Canada to process raw materials into finished products such as protein (primarily meat and bone meal (MBM) and poultry meal (PM))
 hides
 fats (primarily bleachable fancy tallow (BFT)
 poultry grease (PG) and yellow grease (YG)) and bakery by-products (BBP) as well as a range of branded and value-added products.&#160;&#160;The Company sells these products domestically and internationally
 primarily to producers of animal feed
 pet food
 fertilizer
 bio-fuels and other consumer and industrial ingredients including oleo-chemicals
 soaps and leather goods for use as ingredients in their products or for further processing.&#160;&#160;As further discussed in Note 2
 on October 28
 2013
 Darling completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Rothsay (Rothsay)
 a division of Maple Leaf Foods
 Inc. (MFI)
 a Canadian corporation
 pursuant to an Acquisition Agreement between MFI and Darling dated August 23
 segments: Rendering and Bakery.  For additional information on the Company&#8217;s segments
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
December&#160;31
The Company considers all short-term highly liquid instruments
 with an original maturity of three months or less
The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from customers&#8217; non-payment of trade accounts receivable owed to the Company.&#160;&#160;These trade receivables arise in the ordinary course of business from sales of raw material
 finished product or services to the Company&#8217;s customers.&#160;&#160;The estimate of allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon the Company&#8217;s bad debt experience
 prevailing market conditions
 and aging of trade accounts receivable
 among other factors.&#160;&#160;If the financial condition of the Company&#8217;s customers deteriorates
 resulting in the customers&#8217; inability to pay the Company&#8217;s receivables as they come due
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.&#160;&#160;Cost is primarily determined using the first-in
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost.&#160;&#160;Depreciation is computed by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of assets:&#160;&#160;1) Buildings and improvements
 years;&#160;2) Machinery and equipment
 years; 3) Vehicles
 years; and 4) Aircraft
Intangible assets with indefinite lives
 and therefore
 not subject to amortization
 consist of trade names acquired in the acquisition of Griffin Industries Inc. on December 17
 2010 (which was subsequently converted to a limited liability company) and its subsidiaries (Griffin).&#160;&#160;Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of:&#160;&#160;1) collection routes which are made up of groups of suppliers of raw materials in similar geographic areas from which the Company derives collection fees and a dependable source of raw materials for processing into finished products;&#160;&#160;2) permits that represent licensing of operating plants that have been acquired
 giving those plants the ability to operate; 3) non-compete agreements that represent contractual arrangements with former competitors whose businesses were acquired;&#160;&#160;4) trade names; and 5) royalty
 years for trade names.&#160;&#160;Royalty
The Company reviews the carrying value of long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
 or related asset group
 may not be recoverable from estimated future undiscounted cash flows.&#160;&#160;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group.&#160;&#160;If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount for which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.&#160;&#160;In 
Goodwill and indefinite lived assets are tested for impairment annually as of the balance sheet date or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.&#160;&#160;The Company follows a two-step process for testing impairment.&#160;&#160;First
 the fair value of each reporting unit is compared to its carrying value to determine whether an indication of impairment exists.&#160;&#160;If impairment is indicated
 then the fair value of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill is determined by allocating the unit&#8217;s fair value of its assets and liabilities (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination.&#160;&#160;The amount of impairment for goodwill is measured as the excess of its carrying value over its implied fair value.
 
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2012
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method.&#160;&#160;Under the asset and liability method
The Company periodically assesses whether it is more likely than not that it will be able to realize its deferred income tax assets.&#160;&#160;In making this determination
 the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence and makes certain assumptions.&#160;&#160;The Company considers
 among other things
 its deferred tax liabilities
 the overall business environment
 its historical earnings and losses
Basic income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares including non-vested and restricted shares with participation rights outstanding during the period.&#160;&#160;Diluted income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period increased by dilutive common equivalent shares determined using the treasury stock method.  As a result of the use of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period
46
000
 shares during the fourth quarter  as discussed in Note 14
December 28
December 29
December 31
108
119
130
117
169
114
108
119
130
118
169
115
525
 
 respectively
135
733
207
63
272
 
 respectively
57
257
105
330
The Company recognizes compensation expense in an amount equal to the fair value of the share-based payments (e.g.
 stock options and non-vested and restricted stock) granted to employees and non-employee directors or by incurring liabilities to an employee or other supplier (a) in amounts based
 at least in part
 on the price of the entity&#8217;s shares or other equity instruments
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2011
 $
 respectively
 which is included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 and the related income tax benefit recognized was approximately $
 $
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2011
If it is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect on the financial statements of a condition
 situation
 or set of circumstances that exist at the date of the financial statements will change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events
 and the effect of the change would be material to the financial statements
 the Company will disclose the nature of the uncertainty and include an indication that it is at least reasonably possible that a change in the estimate will occur in the near term.&#160;&#160;If the estimate involves certain loss contingencies
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
The Company makes limited use of derivative instruments to manage cash flow risks related to interest expense
 natural gas usage
 diesel fuel usage
 inventory
 forecasted sales and foreign currency exchange rates.&#160;&#160;The Company does not use derivative instruments for trading purposes.&#160;&#160;Interest rate swaps are entered into with the intent of managing overall borrowing costs by reducing the potential impact of increases in interest rates on floating-rate long-term debt.&#160;&#160;Natural gas swaps and options are entered into with the intent of managing the overall cost of natural gas usage by reducing the potential impact of seasonal weather demands on natural gas that increases natural gas prices.&#160;&#160;Heating oil swaps and options are entered into with the intent of managing the overall cost of diesel fuel usage by reducing the potential impact of seasonal weather demands on diesel fuel that increases diesel fuel prices.&#160;&#160;Inventory swaps and options are entered into with the intent of managing seasonally high concentrations of MBM
 PM
 BFT
 PG
Entities are required to report all derivative instruments in the statement of financial position at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e.
 gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and
 if so
 on the reason for holding the instrument. If certain conditions are met
 entities may elect to designate a derivative instrument as a hedge of exposures to changes in fair value
 cash flows or foreign currencies.&#160;&#160;If the hedged exposure is a cash flow exposure
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported initially as a component of other comprehensive income (outside of earnings) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. Any amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness as well as the ineffective portion of the gain or loss is reported in earnings immediately. If the derivative instrument is not designated as a hedge
December&#160;28
 2013
The Company announced on January&#160;21
 2011 that a wholly-owned subsidiary of Darling entered into a limited liability company agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Valero Energy Corporation (Valero) to form Diamond Green Diesel Holdings LLC (the DGD Joint Venture).  The Company has related party sale transactions with the DGD Joint Venture.  Additionally
 Darling through its wholly-owned subsidiary Griffin Industry LLC (Griffin)
 leases two real properties located in Butler
 Kentucky and real properties located in each of Jackson
 Mississippi and Henderson
 Kentucky from Martom Properties
 LLC
 an entity owned in part by Martin W. Griffin
 the Company&#8217;s Executive Vice President &#8211; Chief Operations Officer
Foreign currency translation is included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and reflects the adjustments resulting from translating the foreign currency denominated financial statements of foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars. The functional currency of the Company's foreign subsidiaries is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates
 which is generally the local currency of the country.  Accordingly
 currency translation in fiscal years 2012 and 2011. In addition
 representing an unrealized gain on a hedge transaction
 which is included in other assets on the balance sheet.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure
 and significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements
 as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE
 (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets
 (3) the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE
 and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows.  Describes procedure if disclosures are provided in more than one note to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

047
887

128


        

314)

201)


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

573

927



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

375

619



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

523

243



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

641

535



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

649

198



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

465

465



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

234

068




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
M,31F9&9E8S0P-S`-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P
M9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?4W1O/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H







&-E;%=O<FMS







&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M+U-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


O4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M26YV97-T;65N=%]I;E]5;F-O;G-O;&ED871E9%]3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@




M='



M96YT7TQI86)I;&ET:65S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E





\+W@Z3F%M93X-


M
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX

O4VAE970R-RYH


\+W@Z3F%M93X-



#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E
M=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E=',O4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

T0B5V]R:W-H965T




O4VAE970S




#I.

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\

&-E;%=O<FMS


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970T


O4VAE970T
M






M965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M='


M:&5E='




\




O4VAE970U

O4VAE
M970U

#I.86UE/D9A:7)?5F%L=65?365A<W5R

M($A2968]


M968]

O4VAE

#I.86UE/D=E;F5R86Q?1&5T86EL<SPO











M;'





T0B5V]R


O4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z








O4VAE
M970W
&-E;%=O

M1&5B=%]$96)T7TUA='5R:6ET:65S7T1E=&%I;'
\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


T0B5V]R


T0B


M


M968]
5]A;F1?4W1O8VM



M='E?86YD7U-T;V-K0C









T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H









O4VAE970Y


O4VAE970Y










M968]

O4VAE

#I.86UE/D=U87)A;G1O<E]&:6YA;F-I




T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970Y.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@




S
&9F
M93)B7V9C







]

T1)1#!%15-!




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@





T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO=&0^





]

]



M/3-$=&5X=#XG+2TQ


]
T1T97AT/B=
87)G92!!8V-E;&5R871E

]
M





]



]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`R.P-@D)
C`Q
M




T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%!E




]




]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

]
T1R



]



]




]



S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q
M8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

O4VAE970P
BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]

]
M










#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


3








]
M

\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]




T1T;W`^4')O



]

3`U
M+#`W


C`Q

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
S-RPT



#$L-C

S@Q+#



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!U;F-O



]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#8T



RPR-#0L
3
S

M










T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]
M

]
T1P


]



M;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97



]
T1N
M=6UP/C(U


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#8W



T1T;W`^1&5F





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C(S+#$X


]
M



]


]


34P+#`P

3@L-C(R+#8U
!S:&%R
M97,@:7-S=65D(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R


]
T1N=6UP/C$L




M

RPU-S@@86YD(#@P


C`Q

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q

3`L
#



]

T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W
\+W1D/@T*


T1T;W`^5&]T


BPP


2PP-C(L-#


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU-3(L-#$V/'-P86X^


S!F9F4R8E]F
M8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P

M;G0]


M
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M9VX]








#`P+#`P
M

#`L


C8Q+#`P


M








M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4S14%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$


]

C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@








T1T;W`^





M



]





]





]
T1N=6UP/C(S


3
L.3@T/'-P



]





T1T


]



]


C(L




]
M

M1&YU;7`^




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P
BPX






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XQ
3QS


M


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E



]



]

]


C`Q



T0R/DIU;BX@
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S

]
T1T:#Y$96

C`Q
M

M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


M(#(R+#0Y



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@




;W-S*2P@;F5T



]
M




]





]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



M


]




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


T1T;W`^5&]T

I+!N970@;V8@
M=&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^/]S


]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C$L





]
T1T97AT




]
T1N=6UP/C$Q




]



]



]
T1R


]
T1F;CX\



]
M




]


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]




]

]
T1T



]


]






]




]


M(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]

]
T1T








]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^




]


]







]



]







M92`D




S
&9F93)B7V9C

M7S`Q-&9D9F5C-#`W






]





]
T1T:#Y!






]


]
M






]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



]




]



]





]




]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

M1&YU;3XH
3`L



]


]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP


]
M
T1N=6T^*#0X




]



]





]




]


]


]



]


M+#4T


]





]




]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




M
2PQ


M1&YU;7`^
2PQ





]




]

M97

S8T*3QS

]
T1T97AT



]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]
T1N=6T^*#$L




]





]



]




]



]

]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N
M(#


]
T1N=6UP/C


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

3
P


]
M




]





]
T1T97AT





]




]
M


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^



]





]



]

]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]


]



]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#0L-#0U



]



]






]




]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#`S
RD\

M
2PS




]




]

M96





]






]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


M/E!E;G-I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='


]



]





]

M=7-T;65N='

]








]




]




I/]T9#X-B`@

S@W+#8X



]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C8L-3




]




]
T1N



]







]




]





]



]





]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T
M;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(AI;B!S:&%R97,I/]T9#X-


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C@T




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

C`Q






]




]

C`Q

]
M


]



]



M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4T0D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y

M
S$L(#(P




M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q
M8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C

M






]





M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
3

C`Q
CQB

CY$
M96
N(#







M



M






]









]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#4Y



]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#



]




M


]













]




]

]
M

]
M

RPS




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1N=6UP/C$L






]







]




]
T1N=6T^*#(L



]

M/3-$=&]P/D5S8W)O=R!R96-E:79A8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$U+#

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@











]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#(Q-#QS

]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q





M97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97



]



3@L


3$U+#0Q


M


T1T
M;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS+!N970@;V8@8V%S:!A8W%U:7)E9#PO=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]


]









]
T1N=6UP



]



T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='

#QS


M8GD@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


M;3XH
34S+#@S

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X
RPV
M.#



]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F

]

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]
T1N=6T^*#
P+#`S

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-S`L



M





3
Q+#`P



M
T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='



]




M

]
T1N=6T^*#




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*






M







]

2PQ



M9D@:6X@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#
Q+#
Y

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
M


T1T;W`^169F96-T





]






S@L.3
V







]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]



]

]
T1R



M

]




]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

]
T1P

C$L-34T






2PT





]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]

]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@








M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1T5.15)!3#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


3!P=#L^1T5.

3(P




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

F4Z
3!P=#L^*&$I(8C,38P.R8C
M,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.TY!5%5212!/1B!/4$52051)3TY3/]F;VYT/CPO

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




3(P)3MT




#M#;VUP86YY)B
X
C(Q



















@86YD(&QE
M871H97(@9V]O9'


38P.R8C
38P



M;F



3!P

#`P

M

@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O





M93HQ

M=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-'!X

M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G


3X\+W1D




M




'!T.SXH
M


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P


M93HQ

@

38P.R8C
38P.T%L;!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!I;G1E



M

@


T1W




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E


M

'!T.SY&:7-C86P@








M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


S$N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1FES8V%L('EE87)S(&9O

3!P=#L^('=E96MS

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S









M:'0Z



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C






3X\


3!P=#MP



'!T.SXH




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FIU


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T






3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T1V97)T





M(&-O;F1I=&EO;G

38P.R8C
38P.TEF('1H
M92!F:6YA;F-I86P@8V]N9&ET:6]N(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@


F(S@R

M



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T1V97)T





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




38P.R8C
M



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^


M;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M



'!T.SY


M;G0Z+3


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P


M93HQ

#LF(S$V
#M$97!R96-I871I;VX@:7
@8V]M


M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P








M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


4[=&5X=UA;&EG


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L

M

@87)E(&-H87)G960@=&\@

M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X


M

'!T.SY);G1A;F=I

M:'0Z
F4Z
3)P
M=#L^)B





M;&%N='



38P.R8C
38P.S0I('1R861E(&YA;65S.R!A

M;65N='
N)B
Q-C`[)B

@8V%L


#LF(S$V

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


F4Z,3!P=#L^('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS






#LF(S$V
#M2;WEA;'1Y+!C;VYS=6QT:6YG(&%N
M9!L96%S96AO;&0F(S$V
#MA9W)E96UE;G1S(&%R92!A;6]R=&EZ960@;W9E


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-'!X.W1E

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G9F]N


3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P


M;&4]

'!T.SXH-RD@



M3&]N9RU









38P.R8C







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



F4Z
3!P=#L^







M=!B92!I;7!A:7)E9XF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M
38P.R8C


M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97



M
#LF(S$V











'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P

M.SXW


3!P=#L^(&%N9`D/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT


M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P




@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HY




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT








M;R!N;W0@8V]N=')I8G5T92!T;R!C=7)R96YT(&]R(&9U='5R92!R979E;G5E






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



3!P=#L^


3(P)3MT97AT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

M





M
#LF(S$V

!C;VYS97%U96YC97


@97AP
M96-T960@=&\@87!P;'D@=&\@=&%X86)L92!I;F-O;64@:6X@=&AE('EE87)S


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[


M9VAT.C$R





M96EG:'0Z





@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N

@9&5F97)R


@9&5F97)R




N)B
Q-C`[)B

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A


M86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97
@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&9R;VT@=6YC97)T86EN('1A


2!T:&4@<F5L979A;G0@=&%X:6YG(&%U=&AO<FET




M(')E8V]G;FEZ97




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT



M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A9&1I


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



F4Z
3!P=#L^0F%S:6
@:6YC





#LF(S$V
#M$:6QU=&5D(&EN
M8V]M92!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(&ES(&-O;7!U=&5D(&)Y(&1I=FED:6YG



M97)I;V0L('1H92!F=6QL(&5F9F5C=!O9B!T:&4@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@/]F



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ



3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL

R
M-S0X-3
X

M.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]
T0Q

M:#TS1#0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$





#MP861D


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K



G!X





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
!S

P
#`P



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

M;&4]

38P





M




M
#`P









#`P






M97


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



M/DEN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M




M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,XY



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





T1V97)T:6-A

T1F


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$







M/3-$



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@







M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z




M


3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M93HQ




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P





#`P
M

G!X





M;&4]



X






M(S`P
#`P




P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#,P.2D\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

M.SXF(S@R






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M
M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

XY,3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;VTZ


M/3-$




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





#`P
M



M:'0Z

6QE


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT





T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+C0W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]









#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3


3!P

#`P







M(&EN8V]M92!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(&%S('1H92!E9F9E8W0@=V%S(&%N
M=&ED:6QU=&EV92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



3$\+V9O;G0^


M


#`P
#`P

M;&4]

'!T.SXL(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M


#`P
M

S`L

3!P=#L^

@86YT

M:'0Z







M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P












M97


M:&4@96YT:71Y)B
X
C$W.W

M='D@:6YS=')U;65N='

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
M
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(Y+`R
M



Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3$\




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^.2XT(&UI;&QI;VX\












M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


#`P
#`P



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^

T1F;VYT



#LF(S$V

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE(&)E;F5F:71S
'!E;G-E(&%R92!R97!O<G1E9!A<R!A(&9I;F%N8VEN

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O





Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X


38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M


3(P)3MF


M

'!T.SXH
3


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P


M93HQ








M870@=&AE(&5S=&EM871E(&]F('1H92!E9F9E8W0@;VX@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA
M;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&$@8V]N9&ET:6]N+!S:71U871I;VXL(&]R('-E



L('1H92!#

M86EN='D@86YD(&EN8VQU9&4@86X@:6YD:6-A=&EO;B!T:&%T(&ET(&ES(&%T

38P
M.R8C

@


3(P




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



'!T.SXH
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




@



Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
M
3





T1F


M

M;&]A;G


T1F

'!T.SXS-#`N


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT









#`P


38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(Y
M+`R







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M


3X\




M:'0Z




'!T
M.SXH

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ










#LF(S$V



38P.R8C
38P.TYA='5R86P@9V%S('-W




#LF(S$V
#M(96%T





M97








M;!P;W-I=&EO;B!A=!F86ER('9A;'5E+B!4:&4@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@

@;W(@;&]S



M97)T86EN(&-O;F1I=&EO;G



@;W(@9F]R96EG;B!C=7)R96YC:65S+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.TEF








@


M(!(961G92!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('1R96%T;65N=!C96%S97
@:68@;W(@=VAE
M;B!T:&4@:&5D9V4@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@:7
@;F\@;&]N9V5R('!R;V)A8FQE


@9F]R(&AE9&=E(&%C8V]U;G1I








@

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9&5N=#HT



T0P(&-E;&QS




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.W!A9&1I



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A


M86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97


#L@0V5R=&%I;B!C=7-T



M


@;W=N



@869T97(@9&5D=6-T:6YG(&$@9FEX960@


M.C$R





T0P




M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


M

38P.S(Q





M;6%T:6]N(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

7!X.V9O;G0M



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







M9VAT.C$R



M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T


M93HQ




M;65N='


@;V8@
M9F]R96EG;B!S=6)S:61I87)I97
@:6YT;R!5+E

N(%1H92!F

@9F]R96EG;B!S
M=6)S:61I87)I97
@:7


M97



@87)E('1R86YS;&%T





T1F;VYT






M93HQ


3!P=#L^

3!P=#L^


@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@;W1H97(@87-S971S

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z










M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA

M



3(P)3MT97AT







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M

'!T.SY4:&4@0V]M


M871E('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@87)E

M:&5I9VAT.C$R






S
&9F93)B7V9C
6-?






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H







4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE









#`P
#LG/C$N
#`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXZ



T1F;VYT





30N(!4:&4@8V%S:!P;W)T:6]N(&]F('1H


@82!N971W;W)K(&]F(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M86YI=&]B82P@3VYT87)I;R!A;F0@3F]V82!38V]T:6$@86YD(&$@8FEO9&EE





M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(S@R

@

Q-C`[
M
C@L(#(P
3




3!P=#L^





M

'!T.SXL('=H:6-H

@86QL;V-A=&5D




3!P=#L^/&)R


M=&]B97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M


#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q

M;&4]



M


T0R


2!C



P
#`P


P
#`P


V





T1F;VYT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T0G=F5R=&EC





P
#`P
M




P
#`P


3X\9&EV


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

CDL



G!X.W!A





CDL
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



M.#




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO













M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






2!C


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,2XR-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A







3X\

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ



3(P



@9F]R
M(&9U='5R92!P97)I;V1S(&]R('1H92!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@


M





'!T.SXF(S$V


@87-S

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C






3!P=#MW:61T:#HU-2XP-S@Q
C4E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


M;VTZ




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3,L,C(P/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^26YV96YT;W)Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]






M








M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^




Q
M












M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]






M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


T0R('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X


F4Z.7!T.SY!8V-O=6YT<R!P87EA


3(L


M;&4]

M960@97AP96YS97



M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




T1V97)T









M

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^0V%P:71A;!L








M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#0L,3`R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M/3-$


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-C$R+#8S-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY






3!P
6QE/3-$


#LF(S$V
#M)9&5N=&EF:6%B;&4@:6YT86YG:6)L97
@:6YC;'5D




3!P=#L^

M


L





M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

N


3!P=#L^(&EN(&YO;BUC;VUP971E
M('=I=&@@82!W96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E('5S969U;!L:69E(&]F(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M('1H=7



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


@87

T1F;VYT+69A







M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P


M93HQ





M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y




M96EG:'0Z




3!P=#L^075G=7-T
M)B
Q-C`[
C8L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXL(&$@=VAO;&QY+6]W;F5D('-U








@87




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M

#LR-BP@
C`Q



@



3!P=#L^












2`D/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


3!P=#L^
3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@







3(P



C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SYC;VUP;&5T960@:71S(&%C

@


M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





S
&9F93)B7V9C

M9F5C-#`W


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M

C@L(#(P
3




]

]


3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N






M:6YF;W)M871I;VX@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



'!T.SY*86YU87)Y(#(L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL








M
'!T.SXU+C



'!T.SX@3F]T97
B*2P@=VAI8V@@=V5R92!O




M=&5S($EN9&5N='5R92P@9&%T960@87

3!P=#L^2F%N=6%R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



@8G5S

@9&EV:7-I;VX@*8C.#(R,#M624].($EN9W)E9&EE;G1S)B,X,C(Q
M.RD@;V8@5DE/3B!(;VQD:6YG+!.+E8N+!A($1U=&-H(&QI;6ET960@;&EA
M8FEL:71Y(&-O;7!A;GD@*8C.#(R
#M624].)B
X








X
C(Q.RDN






@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[)SXV-SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N



M=65L*2P@4V]N86





#`P





@86YD('1H97)E8GD@;V9F97)S(&$@8V]M

M97)S+B!$87)L:6YG($EN9W)E9&EE;G1S($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86PF(S@R


@;&5A9&EN9R!P;W-I=&EO;G

M92!W:71H(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M+!'97)M86YY+!0;VQA;F0@86YD($ET86QY('5N9&5R('1H92!296YD86
@



M97(@;V8@9V5L871I;B!F;W(@=&AE(&9O;V0L('!H87)M86-E=71I8V%L(&%N





'!T.SXQ+C8@8FEL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N



@=6YD97(@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


M92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W




M+C
W-24@3F]T97

BP@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





M.#(R

@;V8@8V]M

M(&5X96-U=&EV97




M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXY-S4L

3!P=#L^


M;G-T86QL;65N='


M87)S(#(P
30L(#(P
34@86YD(#(P








M(&)E8V]M92!V97-T960@:6X@=&AE(&%W87)D(&]N('1H870@=F5S=&EN9R!D











C`Q




T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.C8P+C$U-C(U)3MB;W)D






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]







38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P







P
M
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^





G!X.W!A9&1I








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M









M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M

'!T.SXR+#
Q-BPY








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW-#(L

M9RUL969T.C




3!P=#L^


M








P
#`P


3X\



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P

P
#`P


M

M:'0Z







3(P



M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C8P+C$U-C(U)3MB


3X\+W1D/CQT



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


U-RPQ.#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






S9P









M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ-3@L
S

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T
M8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M.B\O+T
Z+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@







3!P=#L^24Y614Y43U))15
\

F4Z
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M9'

3(P


M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





M

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M(S$V


M

7!X('-O





T1T

M
C@L(#(P
3

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M


M;W`Z




P
#`P
#`[)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

P
#`P






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






M



G!X






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M

P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[

M.7!T.SXU+#`P
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T








P
#`P







P
M
#`P




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-C4L,3,S/]F



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


P
#`P

M/3-$


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-C4L,#8U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P









]
T1T:#Y$96





]

M.C$R


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ


3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HY-G!X


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C








3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P


3X\



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT
M.2PV

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^5F5H:6-L97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M
3



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^
3
U+#(S-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^-S$L







M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ











M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^*#
X
2PS

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z







P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


#`P
M








'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




P
#`P

M




P
#`P







S
&9F93)B7V9C

M-#`W



]
T1R




M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


12!!4U-%5%



T1T;W`^
M24Y404Y'24)
12!!4U-%5%





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]





M/3-$


T0V-24@




T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

G!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$R



P
#`P




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY);F1E9FEN:71E($QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




M93HQ

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M/3-$

P
#`P


P
#`P


G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-3DL,S(V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F




'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^-RPR

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXS+#8U







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^-3





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY2;WEA;'1Y+!C;VYS=6QT:6YG(&%N9!L96%S96AO;&0F(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P
M







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
S$X+#0R
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH-C
L


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M




M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@R+#
U





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;W`Z


M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z












G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






'!T.SXH-3


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M;&4]

7!X

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M971S+!L97-S(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R





3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





#MP


3X\
6QE/3-$)W9E



M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M97


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M9FES8V%L(#(P
3



'!T.SX@;6%I;FQY(&1U92!T;R!T:&4@(%)O


M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q

3!P=#MC

#`P

M
38P.S





#`P

M.SXS

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C@N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T




M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXT

T1F



M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


M

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E







]
T1T:#Y$96
N





]



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K



G!X





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXS-#0L
3


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXU

M;&4]






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


Y
M-RPR.#


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

3!P=#L^06-C=6UU

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


M.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M

'!T.SXH
34L.3$T








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



P
#`P

P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS
M.#$L










M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M93HQ


P
#`P
#`[)R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXS
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O









T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R





M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P


M93HQ



#`P









P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

C@L(#(P
3






3!P=#L^)B









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B



M




M





3!P=#L^-C8T+#0P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W

M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY!





M



M;W1T;VTZ





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^-C0X+#0X

P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^-3
L

M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X






'!T.SXW
#$L-C

#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY#97)T86EN(&]F('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY)W



N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[270@:7
@


@;W(@8VAO;W-E

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N

3!P



M
#LF(S$V



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


3!P

M92!S:&5E=!D871E(&]F(&5A8V@@9FES8V%L('EE87(N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

38N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$

3(@36]N=&AS

C@L(#(P
3


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^24Y615-4345.5!)3B!53D-/3E-/3$E$051%


M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3(P)3MT97AT



M
#LR
2P@
C`Q






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P








M.C$R




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N

3!P
M=#L^3VX@36%Y)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3$L('1H92!$1T0@2F]I;G0@5F5N='5R


3$
L(&$@=VAO

M*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[3&]A;B!!9W)E96UE;G0F(S@R
C$[*2!W:71H('1H92!





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#LF(S@R
C`[2E8@3&]A
M;B8C.#(R



M86YD('1H92!



@87-S971S('1O('1H92!
96YD97(L




F4Z,3!P=#L^
M0F%S960@;VX@=&AE('-P;VYS;W(@<W5P<&]R=!A9W)E96UE;G1S(&5X96-U


4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M96EG:'0Z




M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X
7!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO




G!X





38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M



#`P


G!X

F4Z.7!T.SY996%R($5N9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





#`P

M+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P

T1F

G($5Q

R!S='EL


#`P


G!X


6QE


#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB



M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P

M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M/3-$








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M












T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q












T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


C`Q




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P
#`P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
M
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(Y
M+`R


3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





^


M1$E$

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^04-#4E5%1!%6%!%


M

4[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P
M86X]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





R!S='EL


#`P


G!X





M;F1E;G0Z


M;F0@8F5N969I='

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]


P
#`P


M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS.PY

M

7!X('-O;&ED




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T












T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(&EN8V]M92P@








M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

'!X


M





3!P


M93HQ
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+#8W,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T












T1F;VYT+69A





T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N

















3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




P
#`P




3!P=#L^
30L
M.#

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


RPQ

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C
M7S1B835?.#4W.%\P



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96




]



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






38P.R8C


M;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

M

'!T.SXL(&%R92!A




T0P(&-E;&QS



T0S-S9P


M-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M.7!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M



M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]











M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M;VTZ






'!T.SXR

P
#`P


M





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


L


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SXQ
RPP
C
\


2!C






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#8Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXR







B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[

M
#`P

2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
3`S

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^.2PY

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)O


M93HQ

M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

4[=&5X=UA;&EG

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

@;&]C


L($Q
0RP@

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W

N

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y


M97AP96YS92!W87


M
#`P



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T
M

O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

C@L(#(P
3


]
T1T



M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M


M






M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M
#`P






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M;&4]

38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL

Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^4F5V;VQV:6YG($-R961I=!&86-I;&ET



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


C@V+#8W-CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXS-#`L,#,P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V


T1F;VYT+69A

M(&1U92`R











T1F;VYT


M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT



M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ




P
#`P

P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[



F4Z,3!P=#L^,34P+C`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N

3!P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M;G





'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P
#`[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]

'!T.SXL(')E
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T





3!P=#L^3VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(W+`R,#$S+!T:&4@

M960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LQ-RP@
C`Q



X
C(Q


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ+C`@8FEL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3!P=#L^
3`P+C`@







3!P=#L^+7EE87(@9&5L



M

'!T.SXR
#`N




3!P=#L^(&]F('1H92!T97)M(&QO
M86X@9F%C:6QI='D@:7


@8GD@1&%R;&EN9R!#86YA9&$L(&$@=VAO;&QY(&]W

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
C4N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F
2!$87)L:6YG($-A;F%D82X@(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N9!$87)L:6YG($-A





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ






M

'!T.SY$96-E;6)E


@

M


3!P=#L^(&]F





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M97!T96UB97(@


T1F;VYT+69A





4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE











24)/4B!F;W(@82!O;F4@;6]N=&@@:6YT



3!P=#L^
24\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXN




@9F]R($-A;F%D

M=F%L96YT('!L=7


3!P=#L^

M

'!T.SXN(`\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



F4Z

M
3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
#`N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT



'!T.SXR
C4N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT

24)/4B!P;'5S(&$@;6%R9VEN(&]F




3!P=#L^
34N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF


T1F;VYT


3!P






T1F;VYT+69A



N



#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V



@8F]R



T1F

'!T.SX@;V8@9&5F97)R



@=F%R:6]U


M8V]N=&%I;G


M='






2!E=F5N=',@;V8@9&5F875L=X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A9&1I
M;F<M;&5F=#HV-G!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O



T1F

'!T.SX@4V5N:6]R($YO
M=&5S(&1U92`R

N($)A;FL@3F%T:6]N86P@07-S
M;V-I871I;VXL(&%S('1R=7-T964@*'1H92`B3F]T97
@26YD96YT=7)E(BDN




M('1H92`X+C4E($YO=&5S(&]N($IU;F4@
34@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U(&]F

M;G1S('-U8V@@87
@8VAA;F=E(&]F(&-O;G1R;VP@86YD(&1E9FEN960@87-S

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A



M:'0Z





#$T+!A=!A(')E
F4Z
3!P=#L^
3`P)3PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




3!P=#L^3VX@86YD
M(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
34L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA




@82!P97)C96YT86=E(&]F

M;&EC86)L92!R961E;7!T:6]N(&1A=&4@*'-U8FIE8W0@=&\@=&AE(')I9VAT




@:6YD:6-A=&5D(&)E;&]W.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ-#1P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V




S$W



M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R(')O=W-P86X]

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3!P


M93HQ

3!P=#L^4&5R



30\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A



M
#`P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

BXQ


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M


M96EG:'0Z







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@;V8@=&AE(&]R:6=I
M;F%L('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@=&AE(#@N-24@3F]T97,@=VET:!T











T1F;VYT

'!T.SXY
#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/B!D87ES(&%F=&5R('1H92!C;&]S:6YG(&]F('-U8V@@97%U:71Y(&]F9F5R



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A








M92D@87

M92!R:6=H='


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3(P



M;W9E;F%N='








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY4:&4@3F]T97



@;V8@9&5F875L=P@:6YC;'5D:6YG+!W:71H;W5T(&QI

L(&-O=F5N86YT(&1E9F%U;'1S






3!P=#L^





M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X



3!P=#L^
C@P



M/C(W+C


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y




Q-C`[
M
C@L(#(P
3




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
M
C`Q



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I







#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@












T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

C4P+#`P
M

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M



M

W!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M







M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP






3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B

M
#L@<F]W



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE








#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S




3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



G!X.R!R;W=S









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M;&5F=#HU


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

















38P


S`L






P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M;W`Z



T1F;VYT




'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R




0RP@82!$96QA=V%R92!L





3$


@26YC+BP@1&%R;&EN9R!.;W)T










3
L('1H92`X+C4E($YO=&5S(&%R


L(&EN8VQU
M9&EN9R!D96)T('1H870@:7



@


@86YD('1H


M(&]F('1H92!S=6)S:61I87)I97

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[



#$T+B`@07

3!P

#`P






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E






'!T.SXF(S$V





M:6YG/3-$


T0S


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V

F4Z.7!T.SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M93HQ



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M

38\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A





F4Z.7!T.SXR,#$W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

F4Z.7!T.SXR-RPP
M,C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG






3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M.SXX.#8L.#

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

M.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

M







3!P
M=#L^+B8C
38P.R8C



M5DE/3B!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;BXF(S$V
#LF(S$V












3!P=#L^4V5P=&5M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@

M:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

F4Z
3!P=#L^


3!P=#L^
2XP(&)I;&QI










'!T.SXR-3`N



3!P=#L^-3`N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT

3!P
M=#L^

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX@=&5R;2!L;V%N($(@9F%C:6QI


U


@86YD








3!P=#L^(&]F('1H92!T97)M(&QO86X@0B!F







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@





3!P=#MF

BXU


M;&4]








M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

F4Z,3!P=#L^+!A;F0@*&(I(&9O<B!E=7)O('1E






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]















M='

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P


M93HQ


M





2!A


M87)L:6YG($Y




4[=&5X=UA;&EG

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M





M


@;V8@1&%R;&EN



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M






M97
@9'5E(#(P





M:&5R971O+!F;W(@=&AE('-A;&4@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS











3!P=#L^(AT:&4@(D]R:6=I;F%L
M($EN9&5N='5R92(I+!A;6]N9R!$87)L:6YG($5S8W)O=R!3=6(L('1H92!3

@*&%S(&1E9FEN960@:6X@=&AE($]R:6=I




@


M=&%I;B!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(&%M;W5N='
@9&5P;W-I=&5D(&EN(&%N(&5S8W)O

M(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


M+`R,#$T+B`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.C$R




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N

3!P

M92(I+!$87)L:6YG($5S8W)O=R!3=6(@;65R9V5D(AT:&4@(DYO=&5S($UE



4[=&5X=UA;&EG

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M87)L:6YG($YA=&EO;F%L($Q




@;V8@=&AE($YO

@


M3F]T97




M;V8@=&AE(#4N


M;VX@;V8@=&AE('!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@=&AE(&]F9F5R:6YG(&]F('1H92`U
M+C
W-24@3F]T97

F(S@R
M


I(')E;&%T960@=&\@
M=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!O9B!T:&4@5DE/3B!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!A;F0@9F]R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



@86YD(&5X


L('1O(')E




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N





@06-T(BDL(&]R('1O(&-O;G1R:6)U=&4@=&\@



3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T


M92`U+C
W-24@3F]T97



34@86YD
M($IU;'D@
34@;V8@96%C:!Y96%R+!C;VUM96YC:6YG(&]N($IU;'D@
34L
M(#(P
30N($EN=&5R97-T(&]N('1H92`U+C
W-24@3F]T97
@=VEL;!A8V-R
M=64@870@82!R871E(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



W-24@3F]T
M97




@86YD




@8V5R=&%I;B!I






M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



L(&EN




W-24@3F]T97
N(#PO

3(P)3MT97AT


3!P=#L^)B

W-24@3F]T92!'=6%R86YT965S(BD@

M;G0@=&\@=&AE(#4N

N(%1H92`U+C
W-24@







M(#4N


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ

'!T.SX\9F]N


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M965M('-O;64@;W(@86QL(&]F('1H92`U+C
W-24@3F]T97
@870@86YY('1I

C`Q-RP@870@82!R961E;7!T:6]N
M('!R:6-E(&5Q=6%L('1O(#$P
4@;V8@=&AE('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@
M;V8@=&AE(#4N


M='



M(S@R


M;W1E.R!A;F0@*&EI*2!T:&4@97AC97-S+!I9B!A;GDL(&]F(A!*2!T:&4@

W-24@3F]T92!A
M=!*86YU87)Y(#$U+`R



4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



F4Z
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R
2`Q-2P@
M,C`Q-RP@1&%R;&EN9R!M87D@<F5D965M(&%L;!O<BP@9G)O;2!T:6UE('1O

M86YY(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@3F]T97
I+!A=!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(')E9&5M








M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T0W

T0S

T0G


M



3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


G!X.W!A




3!P=#L^
3`T+C`S
24\+V9O


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z
3!P
M=#L^

3!P
M=#L^

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M

'!T.SXR




C`@86YD('1H97)E869T







M

3!P

M

















T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ








L('5N;&5S

M;&P@=&AE(#4N

M)B
X

X
C(Q.R!E86-H(&AO;&1E


#`P(&]R

M)B
X
C$W.W

M92UH96EG:'0Z



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



3!P=#L^





M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y




M97
F(S@R




F4Z,3!P=#L^,3`P)3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A9&1I






M=6)S:61I87)I97




M(&]T:&5R(&%M;W5N='
@9G)O;2!$87)L:6YG)B
X
C$W.W


[(&UA:V4@;&]A;G
@;W(@
M:6YV97-T;65N='


@;W(@;W1H97)W:7-E(&1I

M(S@R


M92UH96EG:'0Z



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

@=&\@8V5R=&%I;B!O



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X






M9F]R('1H96US96QV97



X
C(Q
M.R!A;F0@=&]G971H97(@=VET:!T:&4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A9&1I



M







M;BP@9F]R('1H96US96QV97



M(')E9VES=&5R960@97AC:&%N9V4@;V9F97(@9F]R('1H92`U+C
W-24@3F]T
M97
@=6YD97(@=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97


M97-A;&4@;V8@=&AE(#4N




W-24@3F]T97
@:68@
M:70@9F%I;'




M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
M

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]


C`Q

]

]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/D]42$52($Y/3D-54E)%3E0@3$E!0DE
251)15


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



I.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X

'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT





M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M
#`P

M




P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X



M;W`Z


M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ

T0G





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]










D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
C@L















'!T.SXQ+#DW








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R



P
#`P

M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T







M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV,2PU,SD\+V9O;G0^/]D

M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
M
#$T9F1F96
T

Z+S
S
M
&9F93)B7V9C


'0O:'1M






]



]






F4Z,3!P=#L^52Y3
M+B!A;F0@9F]R96EG;B!I;F-O;64@9G)O;2!O<&5R871I;VYS(&)E9F]R92!I
M;F-O;64@=&%X97,@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,@*&EN('1H;W5S86YD<RDZ/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
6QE/3-$


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I9'1H

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO


M/3-$


M/3-$


M/3-$


M/3-$






M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB
M97(@
C@L(#(P
3

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@
M
CDL(#(P

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P

T1V


3!P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M,C<R+#(Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SY&;W)E



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





P
#`P
M







P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^


P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-S(L,CDT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
6QE/3-$9F]N

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M









4[=&5X=UA;&EG

3)P
M=#L^)B


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


M:#TS1#(R.'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$.7!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I





M=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]
T0W
G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG





P
#`P

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^-RPR
3
\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,RPT-C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




3!P=#L^1F]R96EG;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT



M;&4]

7!X

P
M
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-2PX,#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


M



'!T.SXV-2PT

M

7!X('-O


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1&5F97)R960Z


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M/3-$

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M










3X\9&EV('-T









G!X


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M93HQ







#`P




3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXF(S@R









38P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXS.PY

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^
S`L
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU
M-PW

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



















38P

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


BPX-S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED




T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ







Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$Q/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T




3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S




M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\


3X\


3X\


3X\




P
M
#`P

M
C`Q

P
#`P
M


#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


2P@
C`Q
3PO



7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



#`P







P
#`P
M




P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





#`P



3!P=#L^.34L




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M-2PP


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXW+#$R-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






'!T.SY396-T:6]N(#$Y.2!Q=6%L:69I960@9&]M97-T:6
@








M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#4L




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@Y+#
T

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#`Y,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
#`P









38P

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



P
#`P


M/3-$

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M
3`R+#@W-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

@;V8@=&AE(&1E


M.FYO;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

M;&4]

'!T.SX@86YD

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P
M=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@




M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0S


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P


T0S('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z















M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
3`L









M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+#$X,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CPO





M;W`Z


3!P=#L^




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXQ+#DX
3PO

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]


M



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXW


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY
97-S('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




2!C;VQS



P
#`P



P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^-#






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


RPW-SD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M/3-$




G!X



3X\




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


S4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH-3




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M











T1F



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






#`P




3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXH
2PX-34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH
38V+#



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3(Q+#0W,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

M
#`P



M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXH
S0L
M

#`P
#MP

M;VTZ






M;W`Z


M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T








M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M





M93HQ



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


M:60@(S`P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M

P
#`P






3!P=#L^*#0V+#8Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

!L:6%B:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$

P
M
#`P






3!P=#L^/&)R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E






C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C96UB
M97(@
CDL(#(P


M;&4]







F4Z
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R
3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY!=`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




3D\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SXN)B
Q-C`[)B




M=&EO;G
N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[07
@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE(&-H86YG92!I




3!P=#L^



M97AP:7)E(&EN(#(P



#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M;R!I='





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S

@;V8@


3!P=#L^

@=6YR96-O



2!D;V5S(&YO=!R96%S
M;VYA8FQY(&5X<&5C=!A;GD@;6%T97)I86P@8VAA;F=E('1O('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY)W



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


&EN9R!J=7)I<V1I8W1I;VYS(&%R92!5+E,N(AF



@;W!E;B!F;W(@=&AE(#(P
3$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3
@
M=&%X('EE87)S+B`@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@86QS;R!C=7)R96YT;'D@8F5I


@


@;W(@9FEN86YC:6%L('!O

@9F]R('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)W





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


#$S





M4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P








M1#$^

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


#$S(&$@

M875T:&]R:7IE9!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64@

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
XP,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R


PP,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



3!P=#L^
M-#8L
#`P+#`P

@;V8@:71S(&-O;6UO;B!S









@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!A=!A('!R
M:6-E('1O('1H92!P=6)L:6

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M;&4]





38P.S(L(#(P

G(&-O;G1R86-T=6%L(')E
M9VES=')A=&EO;B!R:6=H='


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^


3!P=#L^(&]P=&EO;BP@=VAI8V@@=&AE('5N9&5R




3!P

#`P






M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3(P


3!P=#L^3VX@36%Y)B


M;F-E;G1I=F4F(S$V


C`Q
B!/;6YI8G5S(%!L86XL('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES(&%L;&]W




N
M)B
Q-C`[)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3$L
#8V+#4T-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

C`Q
M


M;F5D(&EN('1H92`R
#$R($]M;FEB=7
@4&QA;BDN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[4V]M
M92!O9B!T:&]S92!S:&%R97



Q-C`[
M)B


@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P

M
38P.R8C
38P.U1H92`R
#$R($]M;FEB=7



M97




Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[5&AE(#(P


38P.R8C
38P.U1H92!#



M(&EN('1H92`R

4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

@4&QA;BXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@0V]M;6ET=&5E

M;2!T:&%T(&EN8VQU9&5S(&$@;&]N9RUT97)M(&EN8V5N=&EV92!C;VUP;VYE



Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[26X@861D:71I;VXL('1H92!



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3
\




#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

3!P

#`P








#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P

T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES
M8V%L(#(P





C`Q
B!





#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SYF:7-C86P@
C`Q

5$E0(&%W


C`Q
B!/;6YI8G5S(%!L86X@

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[









M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O


M)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR
M.2P@
C`Q


#`P
M

38P.S
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

M








M(S@R




N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&9O


M9B!T:&5S92!A=V%R9'




#LV+`R,#$R+!T

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3
U




#$R('-T;V-K(&]P
M=&EO;G

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R




2!P<F5C961I;F<@=&AE(&=R86YT(&1A=&4I+B`@06QL

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X


@;V8@

Q-C`[-2P@
C`Q
RP@



M93HQ
'!T.SXQ.34L-C








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FIU

3!P=#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY);F-E;G1I=F4@4W1O8VL@3W!T

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
C`Q


M
#`P


3!P=#L^
M(&YO;F4@;V8@=&AE(&]P=&EO;G

M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


F4Z,3!P=#L^02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F(&%L;!S=&]C:R!O<'1I;VX@
M86-T:79I='D@87



#`P


38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P







M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]







#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R






T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT











#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





F4Z,3!P=#L^8V]N=')A8W1U86P@;&EF93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O
M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P





#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L
M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-BXU,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M9RUT;W`Z



3!P


M93HQ

M





3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



'!T.SX\9F]N





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M



P
#`P






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T







M










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P





M=&EO;G

C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P









M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M


3!P=#L^-RXW
3PO9F]N

P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M96EG:'0Z





M86-K(%-C:&]L97



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS


E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$





P
#`P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






'!T.SXR


M
3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ

3!P
M=#L^


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











M






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






'!T.SXV



3!P=#L^-C$N
24\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B







M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R
3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT,7!X.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ






Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
M
3





@=VET:!P97)F;W)M86YC92!B87-E9!I
M;F-E;G1I=F5S*2!R96QA=&5D('1O(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&YO;BUV97-T960@


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M






3!P=#L^






'!T.SXL
&EM871E;'D@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3!P


3!P




M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P

T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q





#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


Q-C`[)B

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

38P






6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FIU<W1I9GD[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.C8V<'@[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M




3!P=#L^+B8C
38P.R8C



M
2PU
#




@3%1)4X@($%T('1H92!-87)C
M:8C
38P.S@L(#(P

M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P




#LR.2P@
C`Q





M('1H92`R
#`T($]M;FEB=7

M97
N(!!=!T:&4@075G=7-T)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3$@9W)A;G0@9&%T92`\



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


#LV+`R,#$R+!T

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M+#`T


M

P




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M8V@F(S$V


M9R!S=&]C:R!A=V%R9'

C`Q


T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

F4Z,3!P=#L^('-H
M87)E<R!O9B!S=&]C:R!U;F1E<B!T:&4@,C`P-!/;6YI8G5S(%!L86X@=&\@


M



#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/B!S:&%R97


M('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@;F5W($-H:65F($9I;F%N8VEA;!/9F9I8V5R
M+B!!=!T:&4@4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q


M:6YS=&%L;&UE;G1S+B!/;B!-87)C:`U+`R




M)W

3
@9W)A;G0@9&%T92`\



'!T.SXQ
C





@9W)A;G1E


T1F;VYT






M9R!S:&%R97

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








38P.R8C







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M=&]C:R!A=V%R9'
@87



#`P
#`P.W1E

38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F
F4Z,3!P=#L^+!A;F0@8VAA;F=E<R!D=7)I;F<@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@
M:7
@87





M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY3=&]C:R!A=V%R9'

M96UB97(@
CDL(#(P

T0G

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M.#
V+#`R-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





#`P


M




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,BXR-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M






M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M

P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^-RXS-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






P
#`P


M/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FIU

3!P=#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY.;VYE;7!L;WEE92!$:7)E8W1O

M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V



M97-T871E9!.;VXM16UP;&]Y964@1&ER96-T;W(@4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C







#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N





@9&%Y(&%F=&5R('1H92!#

#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@
M4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!W:6QL(&)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@82!R:6=H=!O


T1F








M;`H87,@9&5F:6YE9!I;B!T:&4@
C`P-!/;6YI8G5S(%!L86XI+!A;F0@
M*&EI:2D@=&5R;6EN871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&YO;BUE;7!L;WEE92!D:7)E8W1O

M9!3=&]C:R!0;&%N*2XF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M/;B!-87)C:`U+`R,#$S+!T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

3!P=#L^

3!P


@=6YD97(@=&AE($1I

Q-C`[
M-BP@
C`Q

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C$L

3!P


@=6YD97(@=&AE($1I

Q-C`[
M.P@,C`Q,2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


6QE


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N

3!P
M=#L^02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0P(&-E;&QS



M
T0V

M



T0Q



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





M93HQ



#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC






T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A










3!P=#L^


M


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^4W1O


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





#`P


M
3!P=#L^.2XU.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^










M;&4]





'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^)B
X






T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B








P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R

4[=&5X=UA;&EG

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

F4Z
3!P=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY&:7-C86P@
C`Q
R!


#LF(S$V
#M4




M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P





3

3
@

M:7
@;65T(&)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H92!#;VUP86YY
M(&UE=!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L(&]B:F5C=&EV92!F;W(@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT





#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXX

38P

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


@;VX@=&AE

3!P

#`P

M
C`Q






4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3(P







M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


@=&\@8F4@:7-S=65D(&ES



3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
F4Z,3!P=#L^,XS(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M



M.C$R



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#LQ
2P@
C`Q

3`@4W!E8VEA;!);F-E;G1I=F4@4')O9W)A;2`H
M=&AE((R
#$P(%-P96-I86P@26YC96YT:79E(%!R;V=R86TB*2!F;W(@8V5R

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@




F4Z,3!P=#L^('-H87)E<R!H879E(&)E96X@9F]R9F5I=&5D(&%S(&]F
M(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N

C`Q

#LF
M(S$V







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

@=&5R;6EN871E



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

S
&9F93)B7V9C

M-&9D9F5C-#`W






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

C@L(#(P
3



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0T]-4%)%2$5.4TE612!)3D-/344\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M













T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

M93HQ





3!P

M+C8W


T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q




M





38P.SPO9F]N




M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]





T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N











38P




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







M/3-$

F4Z.'!T.SY!8W1U87)I




3X\


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$Y+#(X





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X










M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






M9RUT;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA




T0G=F5R=&EC


M




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M+#0R



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


3`L

F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^3F%T=7)A;!G87


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z









G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


V

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M





38P.SPO9F]N




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

SPO





M:'0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5&]T86P@;F%T
M=7)A;!G87
@9&5R:79A=&EV97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH-#@R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2PQ
M-C


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



P
#`P


G!X




P
#`P

2!C


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$V+#$Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL





P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M969T.C


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




T1F;VYT+69A



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



G!X.W!A9&1I








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL











38P

M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





B!S='EL


#`P


G!X


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
#MB


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




2PY
M


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M






M/3-$




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A










T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#,X-3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M:'0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5&]T86P@;F%T
M=7)A;!G87
@9&5R:79A=&EV97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M93HQ



T0R('-T




M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





3AP

\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V










G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B










M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C8P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z


M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P




M;&4]



P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X




M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG


7!X('-O
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0R

P
#`P




#`P




F4Z.'!T.SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X
M+`R



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXQ.PW-S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

BPP
3@\+V9O;G0^



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




L

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
M




M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M




M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

M86P@9V%S('-W87`@9&5R:79A=&EV97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M






I(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@;W1H

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C0X



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T1V97)T








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M










#`P

M9G0Z




P
#`P


P
#`P



M;&4]

7!X







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



T1F;VYT+69A





M;'-P86X]












M;W`Z









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



G!X



3X\








M




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV





M



M;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXH,30L-3`R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^

M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P





F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T





#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PY,#8\+V9O;G0^/]D

M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M:#TS1#$X.'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I




M=VED=&@]



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^1FES8V%L(%EE87(@16YD960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


2P@
C`Q
3PO


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


T1F;VYT

M87`@9&5R:79A=&EV97

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







T1F;VYT





M

M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




G!X.R!R







M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





X
C$R.SPO9F]N

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXH,C8P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M.7!T.SXH
2PQ-C

T0G=F5R






6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P


3X\









M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#(L,30U/]F;VYT


#`P

M:'0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


M

7!X('-O



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP





M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R





#`P



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

7!X




#`P


P
#`P
M




M

7!X('-O




#`P


P
#`P
#`[










T1F;VYT

M=!P96YS:6]N('!L86YS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


G!X





M9RUT;W`Z







M


M







M/3-$



M;VTZ




T1F;VYT



M.SXH-2PR

T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


#`P




3X\



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]



M;&4]


T1V97)T:6-A






G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP




#`P



T1F;VYT+69A



M
#L@<F]W



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXR+#`W,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M.7!T.SXQ+#@X
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

M
#`P



P
#`P



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$L-S(S/]F;VYT


#`P








G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



#`P



P
#`P



#`P




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQT86)L92!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@8V5L;'-P





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M




6QE/3-$9F]N


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FIU

3!P=#L^


I(&%S(&]F(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@
M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R





M

















T0V-G!X(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M;!996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]




R!S

G!X



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





P
#`P
#`[8F%C

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^5')A;G-L871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD






M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P




M

#PO9F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ




T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXH,S$L,S(Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


G!X.V)O



M






M9RUT;W`Z








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

RPS.#(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





L
!S

P
#`P




P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M

P
#`P


3X\





T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M



P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



2PY
#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P


M;W`Z







M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#0T.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O



T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXH,38L,S8Y/]F;VYT/CPO


P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P


M;W`Z



S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C
6-?-&)A









#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


]

@


M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[


M96YS:6]N('!L86YS(&-O=F5R:6YG('-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@86QL(&]F(&ET

N)B
Q-C`[)B


M9&5F:6YE9!B96YE9FET(&%N9!D969I;F5D(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!P;&%N



M:7)D('%U87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P

M:71I871I=F4@=&\@8V]M8FEN92!T:&4@1&%R;&EN9R!A;F0@1W)I9F9I;B!R

L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@0F]A




38P.S





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




3(P)3MT






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

65R(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!B87-E9!O;B!A9V4@

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#4R


#LF(S$V

38P.S$L(#(P
M

M

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

38P.S$L
M(#(P




@86X@


#`P
M

M;&4]

'!T.SX@=7`@



#`P


M;'

M;VX@8F%S960@;VX@86=E(AR86YG:6YG(&9R;VT@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


M;VX@8F%S960@;VX@86=E(AR86YG:6YG(&9R;VT@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q
BX\+V9O;G0^


M8G5T:6]N('1O('1H92!$87)L:6YG($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@26YC+B!(;W5R
M;'D@-#`Q*&LI(%-A=FEN9W







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z
3!P=#L^






T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A


@
M;VQD(&1E9FEN960@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N('!L86YS('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA

3$@;V8@



#`P




C`Q


M96%R;FEN9R!I;F-R96%S97
@;VX@8F5N969I='

C`Q
RD@


@*'1H92`B1$E#22!.

M;F%D82!);F



#`P
#LG/C`N



M:'0Z





@9&5F:6YE

M:71H(&-H86YG97

M:')O=6=H(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&EN('1H92!Y96%R(&EN('=H

M92UH96EG:'0Z



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UI


T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@(`@(`\+V9O;G0^

M-S8N


M/3-$



M


M93HQ




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@


#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@






'0M86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M:6]N(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!P97)I;V0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






F4Z,3!P=#L^,3,W+#<Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ
C
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA








3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








'!T.SXU+#
P-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
C`\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA







3X\



M;VTZ









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#0L







M





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,CDL.38V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

'!T.SX\9F]N


@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('!E



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V

M





3!P=#L^
3
L

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
3
L

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT










M;G1R:6)U=&EO;G



M



'!T.SXR









38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S




P
#`P
#`[

M(S`P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




3!P=#L^





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED







G!X.W!A





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







G!X


M:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


2PP-C@\+V9O;G0^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH
S$L


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY.970@86UO=6YT(')E

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M


P
#`P









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B






M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




3!P=#L^
M*#$Q+#`Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT





P
M
#`P







G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^*#
Q+#(W.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG




G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXR-BPW

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY.970@86UO=6YT(')E8V]G;FEZ960F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LH82D\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R
















3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A


M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


3!P=#L^(&%T(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O





M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


3!P=#L^5&AE(&%M;W5N='
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@(D]T:&5R



2!C;VYT<FEB=71I



3!P=#MC

#`P

C`Q
M



#`P
#`P.W1E

C`Q



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





'!T.SX@(`@(`\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A

S@R.#$R-24[8F]R


M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


3!P=#L^
M
C`Q

M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





M



'!T.SXR


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4')O:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^








M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
!S


P
#`P


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
3(U+#DS



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









'!T.SXQ



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

7!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T


F4Z
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

4[9F]N=US


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@


#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X




M8F5R(#




M:'0Z









#`P










#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P









M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^-2PS

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXU+#0U
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I









M;VTZ



M/3-$




G!X





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXH-BPW
#D\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^3F5T(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!A;F0@9&5F97)R

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU+#(V



M





38P.SPO9F]N







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^0W5R=&%I;&UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^-C







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]














M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





3!P=#L^



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY!;6]U;G1S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@86-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H97(@


M9`H:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M


3!P


M93HQ








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B
















3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M

'!T.SXX-SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

7!X('-O












M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

3!P





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M-SDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q






M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P





P
#`P


3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P






T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M:'0Z

'!T.SX\9F]N





2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

P
#`P



M





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N

3!P
M=#L^1&5C96UB97(@



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(P

T1V





M



'!T.SY$:7-C;W5N=!R871E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





M;W`Z





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




M
#`P





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY2871E(&]F(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R4\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y



M96EG:'0Z





@8F5N969I






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$








3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@



#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







P
#`P


G!X



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X



3X\



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




M
#`P







G!X.W!A




3!P=#L^-2XU-24\+V9O;G0^




M(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!L979E;'

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW+C@U)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

4[=&5X=UA;&EG

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

F4Z

M;B!W87
@;6%D92!T;R!T:&4@;&]N9RUT97)M('1I;64@:&]R:7IO;B!F;W(@
M=&AE('!L86YS)R!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&%S('=E;&P@87
@=&AE

@;6EX(&EN(&1E=&5R;6EN:6YG('1H92!E






M93HQ

65A<G,@*&5X8V5P=!F;W(@



T1F

G!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M:'0Z







M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

















3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O;&ED


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3!P=#L^1&5C96UB
M97(@
CDL(#(P

M;&4]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M+6QE9G0Z


T1F;VYT






#`P









M




3!P=#L^-C$N
R4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


G!X








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


F4Z
3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
#`N


M.C$R



3)P=#L^)B

M.C$R





M8V5N=&%G97
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



M/3-$-C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
S8E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




G!X.R!R










P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^





3!P


M93HQ




3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y



@:&%V92!B965N(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D(&EN


M='
N)B
Q-C`[)B

M(&1U93L@

M9&5R('1O(&UI;FEM:7IE(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M96EG:'0Z




3!P=#L^


M:79E+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H92!S=')A=&5G:6
@87-S970@86QL;V-A=&EO



#LF(S$V

2!C;VUP;&5T
M960@9'5R:6YG(#(P







M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3(P)3MT97AT



F(S@R







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T
M.W=I9'1H.C4X+C4Y



M

2!C


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
4@+2`V-24\+V9O;G0^/]D

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N





Q-C`[)B

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





'!T.SY4:&4@9&]M97-T:6
@97%U:71Y(&%L;&]C871I;VX@
M:7

M
38P.R8C

@97%U:71I
M97




M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[0GD@9&5F:6YI=&EO;B!L87)G92!C87`@:6YV97-T;65N
M='


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[0GD@9&5F:6YI=&EO;B!M

@=VET:!M87)K970@8V%P
M:71A;&EZ871I;VYS(&)E='=E96X@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


@86YD(&EN9'5S=')I97
N
M)B
Q-C`[)B


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^

@*&5X8VQU9&EN9R!5+E
N(&=O=F5R;FUE;G0@


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY4:&4@:6YT97)N871I;VYA;!E<75I='D@86QL;V-A=&EO

#LF(S$V


M=&UE;G0@:7



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M97


M:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97
L('-E8W5R:71I97

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




N)B
Q-C`[)B



M;G
G(&9U;F1E9!S=&%T=7,@=VEL;!B92!R96-A;&-U;&%T960@=&\@9&5T
M97)M:6YE('=H:6-H($=L:61E(%!A=&@@:6YT97)V86P@86QL;V-A=&EO;B!I





M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M.3`N.#(P


T0Q/CPO

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


M



M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

'!T.SX\9F]N





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


T1T97AT


T1F




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ










#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV


M





M/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ










M






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z,3!P=#L^1FEX960@26YC;VUE.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\










3!P=#L^-#`L


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ









G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO









M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B










M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-#
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^
2PT
S0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SXF(S@R



P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#8L-3$Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P


G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXW-RPW

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P












G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N







M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M:'0Z




38P.SPO

M





M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$W


3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B











#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L




M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


3PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C












M














G!X.R!R




M/3-$














G!X






3!P=#L^1&]M97-T:6
@97%U:71I97




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXT

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS.PQ

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXQ+#@Y
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M:'0Z






M




M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P

P
#`P



P
#`P



M:'0Z






P
#`P

2!C






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P










M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M+#
Y

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




@=')A;G-F

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M



Q-C`[




N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE(&9A

2!T;R!I;G9E<W0@:6X@8V5R=&%I;B!04T$G



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
M



3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT
M,7!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,G!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY



M93HQ

@9G5N9&EN9R!P;VQI8WD@9F]R









3)P=#L^


M
G!T.SXF(S$V




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


M

L('=H:6-H(')E



'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL





3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO


P
#`P



G!X



\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M



M93HQ

T0G



M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V









M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O







38\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^-BPT-#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M



3X\9&EV




G!X.R!R;W=S












M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E






@:6X@=F%R



M960@8GD@;&%B;W(@8V]N=')A8W1S+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H97-E('!L86YS




#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@1FEN86YC:6%L($%C8V]U


N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









M;BUR:6=H=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.CDT+C$T


M1#$U(')O=W-P86X]

T0W)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


6QE/3-$

M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9)4]24!3=&%T=7
@4&5N9&EN9R\\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



M/D-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G

T1V


M9#L^1&%T92!O9B`@0V]L;&5C=&EV92`@0F%R9V%I;FEN9SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


3
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR



#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M(#`P


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

T1V97)T:6-A









#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



P
#`P

2!C




M

#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T






#`P



M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#,X-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S












M;&4]

M
#$V(AB*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


G!X.W!A



S8M-C`T-#(T
R`O(#`P
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M
#L@<F]W



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV







M






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\











M/C$L




M






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








M;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;!#;VUP86YY($-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P



P
#`P



#`P





M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



L

#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P








M





38P.SPO9F]N






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP







M8G(@8VQE87(]



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I






@





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T1F









M;G




M(&)Y('1H92!096YS:6]N(%!R;W1E8W1I;VX@06-T(&]F(#(P





'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
65A<G,@96YD960@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT




Q-C`[
CDL
M(#(P




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
M




#LF(S$V



M;&4@9F]R('1H:7

#LF(S$V



#`Y+B8C
38P.R8C



#LF(S$V




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

T1F

'!T.SXN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[26X@9FES8V%L(#(P
3`L(&%N;W1H97(@=6YD97)F=6YD960@;75L=&EE


M8FEL:71Y+B8C
38P.R8C

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@
M,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[




M93HQ





M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?
M.#4W.%\P,31F9&9E8S0P-S`-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

]


M/D1%4DE6051)5D53/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

3(P)3MF




'!T.SY$15))5D%4259%4SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M:W



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A



M:'0Z



3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@;6%K97
@;&EM:71E



M96%S97



M(&)Y(')E9'5C:6YG('1H92!P;W1E;G1I86P@:6UP86-T(&]F('-E87-O;F%L


N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[2&5A=&EN9R!O:6P@

@86YD(&]P=&EO;G
@87)E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!W:71H('1H92!I









Q-C`[
C@L
M(#(P
3






@

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V


M)B
Q-C`[)B

@:6X@=&AE



M9VEN9R!R96QA=&EO;G-H:7`@86YD+!I9B!S;RP@;VX@=&AE(')E87-O;B!F
M;W(@:&]L9&EN9R!T:&4@:6YS=')U;65N=XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M)9B!C97)T
M86EN(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


M9FQO=W
@;W(@9F]R96EG;B!C=7)R96YC:65S+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.TEF('1H








#LF(S$V
#M!;GD@



@:7

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3(P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
R-3(U
C4[/F5X8VAA



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@870@82!F:7AE9!W96EG:'1E

2!C;VYT<F%C



3!P




M9VAT.C$R




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L

M

M:&5I9VAT.C$R









@870@=&AE



@=VAI8V@@96YD960@07!R:6PF(S$V


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY);B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SYF:7-C86P@
C`Q

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



N)B
Q-C`[)B




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SXN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[07


#`P
#`P





T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ






M

'!T.SYF:7-C86P@
M
C`Q

3!P=#L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3
\



'!T.SXL('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!C;W)N(&]P








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.SYF:7-C86P@
C`Q

M='

F4Z,3!P=#L^(&-O;G1R86-T<R!H879E('-E='1L960@=VAI;&4@=&AE(')E
M;6%I;FEN9R!C;VYT<F%C=!P;W-I=&EO;G
@86YD(&%C=&EV:71Y(&%R92!D

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



3!P=#L^(&EN=&\@96%R;FEN9W



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
BXT



'!T.SXN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[07

M

#`P





'!T.SYN


3!P=#L^/&)R

Q
M-C`[
C@L(#(P
3




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR
M.2P@
C`Q


F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[/]F

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I


T0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$





P
#`P



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M


M97









M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P







M;&4]

'!T.SY.871U

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M93HQ


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P









#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY#;W)N(&]P=&EO;G
\




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3W1H97(@



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+#
T.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M:'0Z





38P.SPO



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#0V.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


2!C;VQS




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M93HQ








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ






M






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M93HQ

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

#`P
M

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3-P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.R!R


M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




G!X.W!A9&1I








M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z









'!T.SX\9F]N










3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^




G!X.R!R



M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P





M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M;&4]

'!T.SXS



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO
M=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN


S@E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$








P
M
#`P

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




P
#`P


M






\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SY!8V-R=65D





P
#`P

M/3-$



P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





'!T.SXF(S@R







G!X.R!R;W=S





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$









M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q




\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


38P.SPO




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^


M



M







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^

P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C




T1F

'!T.SXQ
C
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M





M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M93HQ




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


2!C;VQS




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M



@;VX@=&AE(&-O;G-O



Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q






T0R


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$




M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$




T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


3)P=#L^)B








\+V9O



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P=#L^*$5F9F5C=&EV92!0;W)T:6]N*2`H






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]






G!T.SXF(S$V

T1T97AT


T1F

'!T.SY296-L87-S:69I







'!T.SYI;G1O($EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N











'!T.SXH26YE9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R=&EO;B!A;F0\+V9O




M




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




M:'0Z





38P.SPO







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P
#`[





G!X






M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ






G!X






M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V









'!T.SY#;W)N(&]P=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXS



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-C(X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

G!X.W!A

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXT
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



#`P
#`P








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


M:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



G!X



3X\

W!X.V9O;G0M







M





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


M:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



G!X



3X\

W!X.V9O;G0M







M





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z
M

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P



















M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV('-T

M










@86-C=6UU;&%T960@

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^




M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M





'!T.SX@

#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
'0M
M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(Y+`R

M





M





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





@:7
@:6YC;'5D

M9!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G,N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



'!T.SX\9F]N




!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M





@86YD(&YA='5R86P@9V%S('-W87!S(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D

M;G

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M:&%S97

38P.R8C
38P.R0\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F
M9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

F4Z
3!P=#L^1D%30B!A=71H;W)I



M)B










C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T
M.W=I9'1H.C@T+CDV

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



P
#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$


3!P


T0S



'0M86QI





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY);G!U='

M1#



3!P=#L^4VEG;FEF:6-A;G0\


M



#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





M93HQ

979E;`Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

979E;`R*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MT97AT

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



R!S='EL



M:'0Z


M/3-$


G!X.W!A




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED














M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,PP
C@\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^5&]T86P@

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P+#`R.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


CL\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS
M

P
#`P

2!C



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

P
#`P

M






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M3&EA8FEL:71I97

@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M=F4@;&EA8FEL:71I97


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^

#PO

P
#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
M



#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


#`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R



P
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^

M+#`P

P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P













P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^

SPO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M












M9VAT.C$R






M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97

@86YD('1H92!F:7AE

M;65N='

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A9&1I



M




M:7-T(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W

M='



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X


@9F%I



M92!#;VUP86YY)W






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P-S`O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



]





M.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

M





#LF(S$V

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y




S
&9F93)B7V9C
6-?-&)A







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

]

C`Q



]

]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/D-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15


4[9F]N=US


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4

L(&-L

M9&EN87)Y(&-O=7)S92!O9B!I='




@




3(P)3MF;VYT




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




F4Z,3!P=#L^07,@
M82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE(&UA='1E<G,@9&ES8W5S<V5D(&%B;W9E+!T:&4@



N
M)B
Q-C`[)B



#`P


38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




@86YD(&EN



N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@
M8F5L:65V97





3(P




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


@4FEV97(@





L('9S+B!/8V-I9&5N

M;F

N
M02XL(%E01BP@4RY!+BP@65!&($AO;&1I;F=S+!);F,N+!A;F0@0TQ(($AO



@3&ET:6=A
M=&EO;B8C.#(R

:71I9V%T:6]N
M+!W:&EC:!W87
@9FEL960@;VX@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LQ
RP@
C`P-2P@
M=&AE('!L86EN=&EF9G

M9&%N='

M;W1H97(@9F]R;7


@9G)O;2!T:&4@9&5F



T1F;VYT

'!T.SYT=V\\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SX@;V8@=&AE(&1E9F5N9&%N='
L(%1I97)R82!3;VQU=&EO;G
L($EN8RX@

C`[36%X=7
F(S@R

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

3!P=#L^



M+B`@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7




M
C`Q





M;F%L;'DL(&EN($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P


@



M(&1A;6%G97




@;F]T:&EN9R!T:&%T(&QE861S('1H92!#;VUP86YY('1O(&)E;&EE


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


[



M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US















2!S8VAE9'5L960@9F]R('1R:6%L(&EN($IU;'D@,C`Q-X@(%=H
M:6QE(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@8V%N;F]T('!R961I8W0@=&AE('5L=&EM871E(&]U


M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
M
#$T9F1F96
T

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]

M3E13/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL



M



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M87)Y)B
Q-C`[
BP@
C`Q
2P@87

M:6]N(&]F($=R:69F:6XL('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W




M
#`P



'!T.SX@




M;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@:6YT86YG:6)L97

@:6YC=7)R960@870@
M86QL(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;V-A=&EO;G
@86YD(&5X8VQU9&5S(&=E;F5R86P@

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




@;W1H97(@87-S971S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X


@






#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXX

3!P=#L^(&%N


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(X+`R




Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q





#`P








#`P


3!P=#L^(&]F





Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
M




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M=FED97







M96EG:'0Z






L



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M


M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97


C4E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$



3!P




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


3!P


M93HQ



3
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P








F4Z
M,3!P=#L^,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C







3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P








P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









#`P




3!P=#L^
2PU
#$L



T0G=F5R




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^
CDU+#
V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED





!S;VQI





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3(P)3MT


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I




M=&@]

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M



T0Q



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M


M;&4]

'!T.SY996%R


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

F4Z,3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,CDL/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y
M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


R.2PW.3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M;&4]

'!T.SY#;W)P


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
3
X
M+#8R


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^*#(T+#`U-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


M
#`P






#`P

M









M




M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^









M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





G!T.SXF(S$V



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

3!P=#L^
C`Q
M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P




3!P=#L^
2PX.#0L



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M;&4]


G!X.V)O






'!T.SXQ+#$P-RPP-3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-S`L-38V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV







G!X



3X\

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
!D;W5B
M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
RPR-#0L
3
S

#`P
#MB;W)D

#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S










F4Z
M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M









3!P=#MW:61T:#HX
BXR
C8U-C(U)3MB;W)D


M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,PT.#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P





P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^-RPX

T0G=F5R




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXS+#@U
#PO





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^.#4L
!D;W5B;&4@
M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T





M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M/3-$



'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^-3$L


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
3
L-3



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI




3AP









#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M
#`P

M



P
#`P


P
#`P




#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W

M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3$X+#
P-SPO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,34L-#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


P
#`P

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M92UH96EG:'0Z


3!P=#L^17AC;'5D97





3!P=#L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

3!P=#L^
38W+C`@;6EL;&EO




'!T.SYF:7-C86P@
C`Q



3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A



M:'0Z



3!P=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY'

3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

G!T.SXF(S$V

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




#`P

G!X

M86X]








'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(P
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



M






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@
M




P
#`P

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^

M



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^




P
#`P


3X\9&EV





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

M
#`P



M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]


M
2PT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ






M(')E=F5N=65S(&9R;VT@97AT97)N86P@8W5S=&]M97)S('1O(&EN9&EV:61U
M86P@9F]R96EG;B!C;W5N=')I97
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&]R:6=I;B!O9B!T




@86YD(&QO

M871I;VYS(&EN('1H92!5+E





3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3!P=#L^1FES8V%L(%EE87(@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
M



M:'0Z



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I



\+V9O








F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXQ+#8Y
2PQ-3
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

R+#
Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M







P
#`P

2!C


P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
BPQ
38L-C

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U
M-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

O4VAE970S









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



M



T1T;W`^455!4E1%4DQ9($9)3D%.0TE!3!$051!
M(A53D%51$E4140@04Y$($E.(%1(3U5304Y$4R!%6$-%4%0@4$52(%-(05)%
M($%-3U5.5%
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I


3(P)3MF;VYT




'!T.SY154%25$523%D@1DE.04Y#24%
($1!5$$@*%5.
M055$251%1!!3D0@24X@5$A/55-!3D13($580T505!015(@4TA!4D4@04U/


M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M

T0Q





M:'0Z






T0G=F5R




M86X]






'!T.SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$S/]F

P
#`P


G!X.W!A









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X


3!P=#L^)B
Q

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T





P
#`P



M:'0Z




















#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






#(\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXT
2PV-3(\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ.PU,S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$




M




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



G!X



3X\








M




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C(W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


C



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M

3!P






3!P=#L^*&$I(#PO9F]N




M
'!T.SXX+C


C`Q
R!A;F0@




M86P@
C`Q


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N
M;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C@T+CDV
#DS

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$



3!P

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M
3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C
















38P






G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$

P
#`P


3X\



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV




G!X.R!R;W=S


'0M:6YD96YT.BTQ.'!X.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[

M








2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXU-RPX
CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXU.2PS
M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N










B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










38P



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


W+#$W
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3AP




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3AP




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V




M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3AP




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


CPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

7!X.V9O;G0M



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

S
&9F93)B
M7V9C








]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@

M;G


]
M




T1T;W`^4F5L

]


3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[








X
C$Q.R!#:&EE



T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




M



#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^











3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N

3!P

M



4[=&5X=UA;&EG

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@





C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
M
C`Q






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N



3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


3!P=#L^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O

M1!*;VEN=!696YT=7)E)W
@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=!A=`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R
M8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P

M=#



M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'




]

4[=&5X=UA;&EG

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q
M



M($%352!A;65N9'










M8F5R(#(P

3$M
3(L($1E


@;V8@271E;7
@
M3W5T(&]F($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE

C`Q
2TP-2X@
M(%1H:7

@5&]P:6
@


@9F]R(&ET




M
C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q
RTP
BP@4F5P;W)T
M:6YG(&]F($%M;W5N='
@3W5T(&]F($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R

M




C`Q
BX@


M




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FIU

3!P=#L^


@












@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME




@







3(P)3MT97AT+6%L

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A9&1I


C`Q
M
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q
RTQ


M($]P97)A=&EN9R!


M($%352!A;65N9'








@86QS;R!P97)M:71T
2=S(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B
M835?.#4W.%\P


T0G




M/3-$



]
T1R




M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M92UH96EG:'0Z






M93HQ










M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
L('=H:6-H(&EN8VQU9&4@8V]N9&5N




3!P=#L^
M+!A;F0@=&AE(&-O;F1E;G-E9!C;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG('-T871E;65N='
@

T1F;VYT


38P

T1F


M

M;&4]

'!T.SY$96-E

38P.S


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
3

M.C$R

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDX+C8S
C@Q

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M

7!X('-O



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P



G!X

F4Z.7!T.SY#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^











M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I










M;VTZ







G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
F4Z
M.7!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M;&4]



M/C@W

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X.R!R







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV






3X\9&EV('-T








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M-#@T+#`Y


G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,38L,#DR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


M;VTZ




T1F

BPX-#0\+V9O






M






S8L

M








M






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-C4L,3,S/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


F4Z
M.7!T.SY);F-O;64@=&%X97,@<F5F=6YD86)L93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^










M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



'0M86QI




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A










M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


P
#`P


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






P
#`P





M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M



M.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM








\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z







P+#
S
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M










T1V97)T





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


M;VTZ


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,BPQ-#`L.#8Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA







M;&4]

U-BPW


M






G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3,W+#(V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L








M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





S(L



M.7!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,C$L.#8P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


T1V97)T:6-A








M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M




2PV


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXQ,34L,3$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
2PS-3(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T1F

SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P


M


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG


7!X('-O
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
BPP
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M



#`P


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X



L


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P


G!X




P
#`P

2!C


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,RPR-#0L,3,S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


M=US:7IE.CEP=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY,24%24Q)
M5$E%4R!!3D0@4U1/0TM(3TQ$15)3)B
X






M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$





M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.R!R;W=S







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I
F4Z.7!T.SXQ
M

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M;W1T;VTZ





M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^.2PX,#$\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.R!R;W=S









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

T1F




2!C;VQS







M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



'0M86QI

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M.SXH-#(U+#4U





G!X.R!R;W=S







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M




#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]



P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






G!X



3X\

M.SY4;W1A;!C=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M
RPX


M/3-$






G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#0R.PX
#
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T1F;VYT+69A




M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M



T0R






3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M;&4]






\

T1V97)T





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M





T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS







M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


M=&%X97

M

7!X('-O

M

RPX-C(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



X


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A









M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

2PU-38\+V9O


2!C;VQS







M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




M/3-$













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







BPP

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





P
#`P




P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$



M/3-$




M



F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P

2!C









F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO







P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q










!S



M+#`P

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



M;W`Z



M



T1F;VYT+69A

L
C0T+#$S
SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M92UH96EG:'0Z


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

3!P=#L^


M:'0Z



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



3!P=#L^/&1I

M-C


T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q



M



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIU;F1E<FQI;F4[/D%34T544SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$



M





38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M;VTZ





M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-S(W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M8W1E9!C87-H/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



X
C$R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



T1F;VYT


M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^
S4L

'!T.SX\9F]N



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M.SXH


T0R('-T






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z



\+V9O;G0^







M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

2PU-C@\+V9O


2!C;VQS







M/3-$





X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD








M;&4]

34T






M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



M



3X\




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

P
#`P


BPV

M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R




M86X]




#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


F4Z
M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X









T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q



P
M
#`P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXS+#`S-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



T
BPY-34\+V9O;G0^




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T










M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M

CL\


2!C






G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



P-2PW.38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R





T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




M;W`Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




C(L-C

M

3PO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










M;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A




M.7!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O










M;&4]






B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T1V





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M.SXV

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,C8L-3,P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P


T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T









M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M







#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXH,2PW.3(L-3,R/]F;VYT


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M/B8C


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^0W5R<F5N=!P
M;W)T:6]N(&]F(&QO;F<M=&5R;2!D96)T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD











T1F


G!X.V)A8VMG


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP





M






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


M;VTZ





M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXX,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SX\9F]N






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

T
M


B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD




T1V97)T:6-A




\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


F4Z
M.7!T.SXU-PY-S<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD



P
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M

CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M;W1A;!C=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]






F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

'!T.SX\9F]N



S0R+#DU-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXR-3`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M.7!T.SXF(S@R

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\






3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

X
M


G!X.R!R;W=S





M/3-$




M




P
#`P


34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



X









M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R




M86X]



P
#`P





M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ










F4Z.7!T.SY4;W1A;!S=&]C:VAO;&1E<G





#8R+#0S-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V







S@T+#
T.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V














T0G=F5R


M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M.SXQ+#`V
BPT

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


P
#`P


3X\


#`P
#MP


M
F4Z.7!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^
2PX
S4L
!D;W5B;&4@
M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P




P
#`P



#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS







M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P






P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



CPO9F]N

P
#`P




#`P




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


P
#`P
#`[



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,2PU-3(L-#$V/]F;VYT




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3)P=#L^
M)B

S(X
3(U)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

M/3-$

T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$





T0Q


M/3-$


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M9G0Z


P
M
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

C
Q+#8Q-SPO9F]N=#X\

7!X('-O;&ED




M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



7!X('-O
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#(R

P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@










M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A




M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B












Q+#`X.#PO9F]N=#X\


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q













T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M+6QE9G0Z



M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^.3$L-S(S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




L

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T








M/3-$













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O








M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^-C8Q+#
S
























C@L


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





#`P
#MB86-K


M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






P
#`P





M:60@(S`P
#`P




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

X
C$R.SPO

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXQ-CDL-38V/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(S$V


M/3-$






G!X





38P.SPO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT






M;&4]

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXS+#(X,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



T1F


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



3X\





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M9RUT;W`Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M;&4]



M.7!T.SXH




M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)B
X


M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#,L-30W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^17%U:71Y(&EN(&YE=!I



X


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M,3`U+#$W.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


3([

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P

M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$P-2PQ-S@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

P
#`P




P
#`P







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I






M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXQ,3`L.#$U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$










G!X.R!R;W=S






T1V97)T






'!T.SX\9F]N






P
#`P





M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M



M+#
U



#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P

M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





P
#`P


3X\




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


P
#`P



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

3`W+#
Q

P
#`P
#`[8F%C




BPQ
SD\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



#4L
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



M.7!T.SXQ

M(S`P
#`P

M



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z-#%P




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([=&5X=UI


T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M


M('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT
7!X.V9O


38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P=#L^

M.3@N-C


T0Q/CPO

T0Q



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F

\


T0G=F5R




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T





T1F;VYT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ






M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P
#`P







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




#`P





M;W`Z

#`P



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


2PW


G!X



3X\



G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3(L









3







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M












M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-S$L,30Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


F4Z.7!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P

3([


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









38L


P
#`P


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





RPY
#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P





#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



P
#`P
#`[

M.7!T.SXT
BPW

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

38P.SPO






M








M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$







M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




C0L





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




L

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS







M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M

CL\


2!C






G!X.R!R;W=S





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


G!X



@:6X@:6YV97-T;65N='
@

M.SXQ

P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




3$Y+#DU
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXQ.3$L.#0T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

P
#`P

M/3-$





#`P




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P







#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P





G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

@*&)E;F5F:70I


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXW,PU
C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

34\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M:6YD96YT.BTQ





M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M/3-$








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M







T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
'0M:6YD96YT.C0Q<'@[9F]N=US:7IE


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E

M(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z-#%P








M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDX
M+C8S
C@Q

M.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P



M

F4Z.7!T.SY%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P


M




M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^3F5T('-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X


P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



2PY.3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



7!X



M

M
#`P



P
#`P


3X\9&EV





#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXH,3DQ+#`X,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M



M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M0V]S=!A;F0@97AP96YS97,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A




M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T1F;VYT+69A



M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD










2PR-C@L



M:'0Z






M.7!T.SXV-RPX

T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(S@R




S8L
3

M93HQ


F4Z.7!T.SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
#`P

2!C



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




#`P
M

2!C;VQS



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O





#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1F


'!T.SX\9F]N






#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-C0T+#4W.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





BPW.#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




P
#`P





#`P




3X\



RPR-C4\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M
C
V+#`W-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M

CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T







M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X







W+#$V


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT




M;&4]


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M










M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z













30U+#DU
#PO9F]N

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;&4]

7!X




M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXR,S4L-3DU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X







M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT







M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]

M



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


P
#`P

M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#,X-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





M



T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXQ-CDL-#$X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



2!C


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#8S-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL








#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X





3X\9&EV('-T


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


T1F;VYT



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P








M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



M9#L^1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT
M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P=#L^






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\




M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











G!X



3`X+#DV-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M




M9G0Z


P
M
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





T0G=F5R=&EC



7!X
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC


M




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M.SXQ



G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z







CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M.SXH




B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M

M

M86X]


F4Z.7!T.SXQ-2PQ-#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT












M






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M.7!T.SXF(S@R

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M=&%L(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE+!N970@;V8@=&%X/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^
38L


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






X
M

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


C(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M;W`Z





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO









#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M+6QE9G0Z


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



C4L

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P



P
#`P



#`P



P
#`P
M





P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ



3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


P
#`P

M/3-$






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P



P
#`P



#`P



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


















M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDW+C(V-38R



M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F


M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
3(Q+#
R
3PO

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N


2PS-C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV


M

3DL.34S

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;W1T;VTZ





M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.W!A9&1I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^*#$L


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



M93HQ


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXH,2PQ-CD\+V9O;G0^/]D







M96YT.BTQ


M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,SDQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


V

M;&4]


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^






M.#(Q


M/3-$






G!X



M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M969T.C




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXQ-3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




P
#`P




P
M
#`P





B!S

G!X

M


F4Z.7!T.SXQ-3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M;VUE+!N970@;V8@=&%X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M.SXF(S@R


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M;W`Z

X
C$R

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]







P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M(S`P
#`P

G!X.V)O



3
P+#

P
#`P

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


C$L

#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ






W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




P
#`P






3(P)3MT97AT


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M+6EN9&5N=#HT



M

7!X.V9O;G0M



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E




M92UH96EG:'0Z

M


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E




M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





G!T.SXF(S$V



SDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT



R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ




M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









M;VTZ



M/3-$









#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
30V+#4X

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R



M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M






T1V97)T












M;&4]



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






T1F;VYT







M:6YD96YT.BTQ



M;VTZ




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ






M


T1F;VYT

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X



3X\

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA





P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M


T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M93HQ


P
#`P
#`[)R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M.SXH.2PY

T0G=F5R=&EC



M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M








!S



M.2PU

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P
M
#`P




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,30V+#4X-#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



P
#`P




#`P




P
#`P


30U+#DU

P
#`P




T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P
M
#`P




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,34Y+#4P,CPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB














'0M:6YD96YT.C0Q<'@[9F]N=US

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^






T0Q


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^27-S=65R/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M




T1F;VYT+69A



R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

G!X.W!A9&1I


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M;W1T;VTZ








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


3`U+#$W.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO






M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M)B
X



P
#`P




P
#`P





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M*#,Y+#0U.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ








M93HQ



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^
3

















M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

2!C;VQS



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z



M97)L:6YE.SY#87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
Z




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


38\+V9O




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


3@\




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M

M

M86X]






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






T1V





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$R,2PT-#`\+V9O;G0^/]D






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M.SXF(S@R



S0L

F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!S=6)S:61I
M87)I97
@86YD(&%F9FEL:6%T97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L










L

T1F;VYT+69A






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M




W



X
C$R.SPO







2PS

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z







M

M

M86X]





M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^4')O8V5E9'

\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A









M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T1F;VYT+69A




M





3X\





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



X


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M



P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P






T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXH-C8R+#`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C


P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

M.SXH.#DU+#0R-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T








M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X



M.SY#87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXQ-#0L-S`T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV




G!X.R!R;W=S


F4Z.7!T.SY087EM

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M)B
X

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ





M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^*#4X


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]

M



T0R






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

@;VX@





3X\



M






T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$





M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M:'0Z






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXS-S`L.3DV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M;W1T;VTZ




M

CL\



T1F;VYT

M8V]S='

M



'0M86QI







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




X



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M)B
X


G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^.#0P+#4U.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M=#HM
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^0V]N=')I8G5T:6]N<R!F<F]M


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ




3X\






3X\9&EV

T1F;VYT








\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



L

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X


M;VTZ


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#,L,C@Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M;&4]

3
X


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P



M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,2PQ,S@\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P










P
#`P


G!X



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





P
#`P




S

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M*#$L
#
T+#8T.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^





M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T



G!X.V9O


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



S0\+V9O;G0^





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M*&1E8W)E87-E*2!I;B!C87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXW-C`L,S(R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z







M='
@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


F4Z.7!T
M.SXU+#4W-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXQ,#,L,C0Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3)P




T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P











P
#`P





M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



2!C







P
#`P

M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X

P
#`P




M(S`P
#`P

M



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


C`Q

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M:&5I9VAT.C$R
3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.CDX+C8S
C@Q

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-B!R;W=S


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B







M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M



M

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M;W1T;VTZ








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T







M






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





3X\




G!X.R!R


F4Z.7!T.SY%

\+V9O;G0^











3X\







M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A








M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M.7!T.SXQ


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$L

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M


P
#`P

P
#`P






M




38P.SPO9F]N

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q







G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T1F






T1V


M

M

M86X]




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV

M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M;&5F=#HQ

RPP
M


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






T1V97)T





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(S@R



#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M;&4]

RPT


B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXH-#,L-#(T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-#,L-#0Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M






M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)B
X



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM

@

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



2PS
#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X








B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M9G0Z


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M4&%Y;65N='



#`P

M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$S-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M(S@R


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X
M,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P

3


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#8Q+#`T,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^*#0S+#0R-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-#,L-#0Y/]F;VYT


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

L.#





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$W


3!P=#L^)B





M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY#87-H(&9L;W=S
M(&9R;VT@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




P+#`P
#PO9F]N

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS





3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M.SXF(S@R



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV






3X\9&EV('-T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z








M

RPT-#D\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






G!X.R!R;W=S




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]









M
#L@<F]W

M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


BPV-3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



G!X

M:6X@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M

7!X('-O




M

7!X('-O

M

CPO9F]N


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-#,L-#0Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

2PS.3(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


T1F;VYT+69A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^












M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$





T0R('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
















M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M(S@R


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M




M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#`P
M






M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P





M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3`S+#(T.3PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ





T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#

M=W
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[

M











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M;&4]


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ




T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M;G


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




M
#L@<F]W







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z
M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

G!X.W!A9&1I


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M;W1T;VTZ








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;VTZ





30U+#DU
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXH,30U+#DU,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A







X
C$R



P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC




P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P


M




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
2PS


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


C0P+#@V-#PO9F]N=#X\





M




M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$W


3!P=#L^)B


G!X




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










G!X.R!R


F4Z.7!T.SY#


C
L.#






V+#
Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]

M



T0R





M






M/3-$

F4Z.7!T.SY!8W%U:7-I
M=&EO;G

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q



T1F







X
C$R.SPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



'0M86QI


M9RUT;W`Z






RPS
S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXH,C,L,S`U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



\

T0G=F5R




M86X]



P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[


T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@




#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X
M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;&4]


F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M*#0W+#DU.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P




M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^*#(S+#

B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,C,L,S,P/]F


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

RPV.#

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M;W`Z


M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T







M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






T1V97)T





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M+6QE9G0Z








3X\9&EV

T1F;VYT








X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ





2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT







M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1F;VYT+69A




X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3X\9&EV('-T





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




X


M;W1T;VTZ




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






RPQ

M






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M.7!T.SXF(S@R

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\






3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M.7!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


RPS
S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A







3([








M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXH,2PR.#$\+V9O;G0^/]D






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X







X


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T














M



M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






P
#`P





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\




M

7!X('-O





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

C
L
M
S


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#(S+#,S
M,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P


3
W+#0T-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM








M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


RPW


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M








M






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3DL-S,T/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





RPQ
#@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M+6QE9G0Z


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP





T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M


#`P
M

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





3X\9&EV


#`P
#MB86-K



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P



M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


T1F;VYT

X+#DS-CPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

M(%!O;&EC:65S*2`H4&]L:6-I97


]
T1T:#Y$96








M93HQ

M;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD

N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[06QL('-I9VYI9FEC86YT



]
T1R93X-

M96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^1FES8V%L(%EE87(F(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[






3!P=#L^('=E96L@9FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD:6YG

Q+B8C
38P.R8C
M




M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

3!P=#L^('=E96MS

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^('=E96MS(&5N9&5D(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
M<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


M




M8FQE(&%N9!!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4


M86-C;W5N='


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[





#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@97-T:6UA=&4@


X
C$W.W
@8F%D(&1E8G0@97AP97)I96YC92P@


N
M)B
Q-C`[)B




M;W5N='


M=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I


3(P)3MT97AT
F4Z
3!P=#L^26YV96YT;W)I
M97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[


F4Z,3!P=#L^26YV96YT;W)I97,@87)E('-T871E9!A=!T:&4@
M;&]W97(@;V8@8V]S=!O<B!M87)K970N)B
Q-C`[)B


]
T1R







Q-C`[)B

M:6]N(&ES(&-O;7!U=&5D(&)Y('1H92!S=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9!O

M
#LF(S$V





3!P=#L^('EE87)S.R8C
38P.S(I


M;&4]

'!T.SX@=&\@



#`P

M.SXQ

RD@5F5H:6-L97
L(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

G!T.SXF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V







4[=&5X=UA;&EG

3!P




#$P(AW:&EC:!W87
@


@


I(&YO


38P.R8C









M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M;&4]





#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P








M86QI9VX]





3(P)3MT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E












@97-T:6UA=&5D(&9U='5R92!C87-H(&9L

]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A9&1I


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



F4Z
3!P=#L^1V]O9'=I;&P@
M86YD(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4@;&EV960@87-S971S(&%R92!T97-T960@9F]R(&EM



@:6X@





38P.R8C

@:6YD:6-A=&5D

M.#(Q-SMS(&=O;V1W:6QL(&ES(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8GD@86QL;V-A=&EN9R!T

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y


M93HQ



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



4[=&5X=UA

M



3(P)3MT97AT



@





38P.R8C
38P





]


F4Z
M
&5S('5S:6YG('1H92!A<W-E=!A

@




#LF(S$V





@:7



N
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[26X@;6%K:6YG('1H:7
@9&5T97)M:6YA=&EO;BP@=&AE

M;VYS+B8C
38P.R8C

M;W1H97(@=&AI;F=S+!I=',@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+!T

M86P@96%R;FEN9W

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




!P;W-I=&EO
M;G


@:6X@9&5T97)M:6YI




@
M87


]



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










M;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97





T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@0F%S960@0V]M



3(P)3MT97AT
F4Z
3!P=#L^4W1O8VL@0F%S
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M;FEZ97


M=')I8W1E9!S=&]C:RD@9W)A;G1E9!T;R!E;7!L;WEE97
@86YD(&YO;BUE

@;W(@8GD@:6YC=7)R:6YG(&QI86)I;&ET:65S













@86YD
M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@
M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M9R!P97)I;V0N)B
Q-C`[)B

@8V]U;&0@9&EF






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M


M(&]F(&$@8V]N9&ET:6]N+!S:71U871I;VXL(&]R('-E=!O9B!C:7)C=6US







]


]



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M871I=F4@:6YS=')U;65N='



38P
M.R8C
38P.U1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1O97
@;F]T('5S92!D97)I=F%T:79E(&EN

38P.R8C
38P.TEN

@87)E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!W:71H('1H92!I

M(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&5S(&]N(&9L;V%T:6YG+7)A=&4@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E
M8G0N)B
Q-C`[)B


M(&1E;6%N9'
@;VX@;F%T=7)A;!G87,@=&AA=!I;F-R96%S97
@;F%T=7)A


#LF(S$V


@86YD(&]P=&EO;G
@87)E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!W:71H('1H92!I


M97






M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT



@8F5E



M('1O(&-H86YG97





@82!C;VUP;VYE

M96%R;FEN9W












M92UH96EG:'0Z


3!P=#L^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@
F5S(')E=F5N=64@;VX@<V%L97


N)B











T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!#=7)R


M:&5I9VAT.C$R


3!P=#L^1F]R


N($EN8V]M92!A


N($-H86YG97
@:6X@97AC




@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@
M87
@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@9V%I;G


M8V%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L
F4Z


3(P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M







F4Z,3)P=#L^/&)R
M(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CQS<&%N/CPO<W!A

]


F4Z
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

@9G)O;2!T:&4@96YD(&]F('1H92!M;W-T(')E8V5N

#L\+V9O

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P








]




]


C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO


C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





T1F

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



#`P
M



M:'0Z

6QE

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB



M





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



C`Q

P
#`P



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG






T1F;VYT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


F4Z.'!T.SY.970@:6YC;VUE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^






M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^








M;&4]

M




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXP+CDQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M;VTZ




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ




M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38Y+#0Q.#PO9F]N





M/3-$





G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P

M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P

M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F

38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^169F96-T(&]F(&1I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







M+6EN9&5N=#HM



M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

X
C$R



G!X.R!R



T1F;VYT+69A



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







X




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P

P
#`P

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





#`P
M



M:'0Z

6QE


M
#`P




P
#`P


P
M
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M




G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'0M



G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N



#`P
M



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3$Y+#DR-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
M

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


T0G=F5R=&EC




M;&4]

7!X


2!C


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2XQ,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,38Y
M+#0Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T.SXQ,34L-3(U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M





T1F;VYT+69A







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q
M8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

O4VAE970S-BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E
M;G1S('!R;R!F;W)M82!C;VYD96YS960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=!I;F9O<FUA


M

'!T.SY$96-E;6)E


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M



'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


34V

M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0T(')O=W-P86X]

T0R-B4@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3



G!X.V)O


M93HQ

T0G


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


S
X+#$X-3PO9F]N=#X\











T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
2PR
#4L

M93HQ


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#0U,2PU-S`\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X













G!X.R!R;W=S




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M-S(T+#<V,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L
M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^1&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





P
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^-BPV
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
M

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M=&AE(%9)3TX@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@86YD(%)O=&AS87D@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@

P+`R,#$R(AU;F%U9&ET960I

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


34V

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]

T0R



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





M93HQ

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3



M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT+#$P-2PV-S

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M93HQ





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N


M











M/3-$









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




G!X





M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








]


3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L
M;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S('-E;&5C=&5D('!R;R!F;W)M82!I;F9O




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


M=VED=&@]




M=&@]
T0R

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,C@L(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,CDL(#(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/]D



G!X.W!A9&1I






T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#DR,PY-C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

P
#`P

M/3-$


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,2PY,C@L.#0P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





V





M.SXQ
CDL

'!T.SX\9F]N



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B

#L\


2!C




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

G!X.W!A9&1I


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M;VTZ








T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









M/C$N


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.R!R;W=S




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



]



M;&EA8FEL:71I97

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO





3!P=#MW
M:61T:#HU-2XP-S@Q

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q



2!C;VQS



G!X







M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^26YV96YT;W)Y/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X











#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







Q


T1F




M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


3(L
M

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



T1F;VYT+69A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










T1F




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG





F4Z.7!T.SY0=7)C
M:&%S92!P<FEC92P@;F5T(&]F(&-A<V@@86-Q=6ER960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^



M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-C$R+#8S-3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB





M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
M


T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M8RX@
C@L(#(P
3



]


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S('!R;R!F;W)M82!C
M;VYD96YS960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=!I;F9O<FUA=&EO;B!F;W(@=&AE($-O







M


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\


M=VED=&@Z-C`N
34V

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

R!S='EL


#`P


G!X




M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3





7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

S












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
2PR
M
#4L








M/3-$








M;VTZ

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^,C(T+#(V.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3W1H97(@









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

G(&5Q=6ET

P
#`P


M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MB86-K



#`P




!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





M($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M.C$R

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M



34V

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]
M





G!X



3X\

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M




M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT







F4Z
M



'!T.SXT+#$P-2PV-S

M;&4]

7!X('-O





M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M



M


M;W`Z


M





M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M





M4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T



]
T1T:#Y$
M96



]
M



3!P=#L^02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S(&9O;&QO=W
@*&EN








M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]







M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X





M

M97(@
CDL(#(P

M;&4]



T1F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXV,PP-C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



P
#`P








M(S`P
#`P





#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M-2PQ
S

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXV-2PP-C4\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P


3X\9&EV


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

S
&9F93)B7V9C

M-&9D9F5C-#`W






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1R93X-





M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F


F4Z
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P
M86X]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





R!S='EL


#`P


G!X






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
!S;VQI

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\






M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;7!R;W9E;65N='


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
38S+#4R
SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B











'!T.SXU
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT






M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,S8L-C0Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P




G!X.R!R;W=S




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
S4L
M
C



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXW
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#0W+#@X-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;&4]




M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,S@Q+#,Q-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^*#
R-BPR








3X\9&EV



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P












S
P9F9E
F)?
M9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C

M-#`W









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


T1T;W`^/'-T




]



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F


@

@87





3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\



#`P
M



M:'0Z



Q-C`[
CDL
M(#(P

T1V




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^5')A9&4@;F%M97

M

7!X('-O


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^.3(L




3X\9&EV('-T

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^1FEN:71E($QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


C8\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXV


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^

M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXW+#(Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXU

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXW

T0G=F5R




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


2PW
S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXS
3@L


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z


M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY2;W5T97

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#
X+#(S
3PO9F]N


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


F4Z




G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#,L,C`Y/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^*#(L

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z








M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






2!C



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


P
#`P
#`[8F%C



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


S
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




M



M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH
3`U+#`W
#PO9F]N=#X\






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



#`P
#MP861D

M



T1F



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^5&]T




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$









#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


S-RPT
#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



M



M;V]D=VEL;!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY#:&%N9V5S(&EN('1H92!C87)R

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M





M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



P
#`P

P
#`P



T0G=F5R






T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\

C`Q
M

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M
S0T+#$S





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





'!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,C@L,C$Y/]F;VYT


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXU
RPQ-3`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M;W1T;VTZ




#`P



3!P=#L^
S@Q+#




M





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M+6QE9G0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY);7!A:7)M96YT(&QO



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


P
#`P


G!X







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SY86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X
M+`R


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3AP




'!T.SY';V]D=VEL;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


#$\+V9O;G0^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^-3
L

'!T.SX\9F]N



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




M;W`Z


M













'!T.SXH

'!T.SX\9F]N


T1V97)T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





P
#`P

M











S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U
M-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

Z
M+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C









]

]
T1T97AT




M93HQ


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




T0X
7!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




T0U
'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M-R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ

F4Z.7!T.SY996%R($5N9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M

T0S


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P

M;&4]



M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ




#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R






T1T97AT+6%L




M
#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P

M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B


M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z


M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



2!C


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,C,P+#(R.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXR,3,L-34R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG







M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]












T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P










6QE/3-$9F]N=UF






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT

I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96

M0U)5140@15A014Y315


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@06-C;W5N='
@

]


M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T









M=&@]




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]








#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]







C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^


M



G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P






M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY5=&EL:71I97,@86YD('-E=V%G93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$




M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+#@P,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT








M+6QE9G0Z

3!P

M=&%X97

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXS+#8U



M:'0Z





38P.SPO










G!X.W!A



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

'!E;G-E<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$




M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY+#4Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


L






M+6QE9G0Z

3!P


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9FEN86YC:6YG(&9E97


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
3@L-3DR




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

2!C;VQS






M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

2!C;VQS


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B
M835?.#4W.%\P




T1T97AT

M:7

]

]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q


]


]


C`Q

@


W-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.7!X(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$











R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

96%S97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]











7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
BPW



3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXR+#$U
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.R!R;W=S





M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,2PU,S0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#MB


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#L^-#(Q




P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#,L,#8T/]F;VYT



M;VTZ






'!T.SXQ

P
#`P


M




G!X













T1F;VYT




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY#87!I=&%L(&QE87-E(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&EN8VQU



P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY+#DX-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[


S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
M
#$T9F1F96
T

Z+S
S
M
&9F93)B7V9C


'0O:'1M



]

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C@L(#(P
3


]
T1T97AT






I.CPO9F]N

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P
M=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@




T0W-7!X(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M





M;&4]

M96UB97(@
CDL(#(P







#MP861D:6YG


G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\















M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






S0P+#`S
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O



F4Z.7!T.SXX+C4E
M(%-E;FEO<B!.;W1E<R!D=64@,C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C





3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXR-3`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



P
#`P






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






M








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXQ.2PX.#@\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M







T1F


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,C4P+#$T,CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[









38P.S$U+`R,#$T+!T


L(&EF(&%N



M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X


T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O


Q-S`W
S$W



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



3X\+W1D/CPO


#`P


M



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
#0N
C4P)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




'!T.SXQ
#(N
3(U)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M93HQ



3!P
M=#L^
3`P+C`P
4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D

M92UH96EG:'0Z



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
2`Q-2P@,C`Q-RP@1&%R
M;&EN9R!M87D@<F5D965M(&%L;!O<BP@9G)O;2!T:6UE('1O('1I;64L(&$@

M:6]N86P@3F]T97



M:&4@87!P;&EC86)L92!R961E;7!T:6]N(&1A=&4@*'-U8FIE8W0@=&\@=&AE




M.C$R

T0W

T0S

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X.W!A9&1I






P
#`P





M:'0Z




3!P=#L^
3`T+C`S


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z
3!P=#L^
C`Q.#PO

3!P=#L^
3`R+C8X

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR



C`@86YD('1H97)E869T97(\+V9O;G0^


M9RUT;W`Z




XP,#`E/]F


T1T







C`Q
M



#`P
#`P.W1E

38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T
30V
S4E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

M=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,C@L(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$








M

38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M.7!T.SXX+C4E($YO=&5S(&1U92`R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[






M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,C4P+#`P,#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




'!T.SX\9F]N




M86X]




M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B


3)P










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

S0P+#`S
#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#`P
M





M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N








M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXT,34L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C









C@V



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^



M

7!X('-O




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXS,PQ




M93HQ




M



T1F;VYT+69A

PV-C(\+V9O;G0^/]D





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ



S@T+#@X
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$




M/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($UA='5R:71I97
@;V8@3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@6U1A


3(P





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M92UH96EG:'0Z


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


M9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0X.7!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I










C`Q

P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^




M



M

M.7!T.SXR










M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V

F4Z.7!T.SXR,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X



P
#`P

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$





M:G


M9#TS1$E$



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


M3E0@3$E!0DE
251)15


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@3W1H97(@3&EA
M8FEL:71I97










F4Z
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M


M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P
M86X]



M




2!C


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





R!S='EL


#`P


G!X





M;G0Z


M:6%B:6QI='D@*$YO=&4@





#`P




3!P=#L^
3$L



M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



T1F



T1T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HR


@*$YO=&4@


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^




M93HQ



T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


M

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^-C$L-3
Y

#`P
#MB86-K

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R













]



]




@8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M92!T87AE





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL




M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


3X\+W1D


3X\+W1D


3X\+W1D

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


P
#`P
M

C`Q
M

P
#`P
#`[


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E





2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N



M

'!T.SY5;FET960@



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M












M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





G!X


3!P=#L^


M


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S@R



M:'0Z










M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X






'!T.SXR

#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





M=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($-O;7!O;F5N='






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]

'!T.SY);F-O



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



3)P=#L^)B

3!P=#L^
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q

M;&4]

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.7!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]




T0W
G!X(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV


P
#`P


T0S


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P


T0S('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z















M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B



M






M












T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C@L



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]






3!P=#L^-RPR
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXQ

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






G!X.V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P

3X\

P
M
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P



7!X


T1F

'!T.SXV-2PT
#@\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ
PP,34\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY3=&%T93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C





3X\9&EV









M










3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A





T0G=F5R





#`P

M:'0Z






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





'!T.SXF(S@R



T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS.PY







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^
S`L




P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-PW
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M





]
M

]


M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


M

M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q

3!P=#MC

#`P

M
38P.S
!R871E('1O(&EN8V]M92!F<F]M(&-O;G1I


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M



'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M(')O=W-P86X]











T0T

P
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


3!P


M93HQ

2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^0V]M<'5T960@(F5X<&5C=&5D(B!T87@@97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ







M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

P
#`P

2!C


P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^.34L
M


T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^-2PP



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





C1P



M;&4]

'!T.SY396-T
M:6]N(#$Y.2!Q=6%L:69I960@9&]M97-T:6


T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M





3!P=#L^*#4L




G!X.R!R




T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




P
#`P
M


#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#`Y,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO



P
#`P





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





P
M
#`P




P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^
3`R+#@W-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



]


]



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY4:&4@=&%X(&5F9F5C='
@;V8@






Q-C`[
CDL
M(#(P



'!T.SX@87)E('!R97-E;G1E9!B96QO=R`H:6X@=&AO
M=7-A;F1S*3H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.C$R




3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HX


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB



M





#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S






G!X.R!R;W=S








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXQ



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M+#


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

3!P=#L^4&5N


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X











G!X.R!R




F%T:6]N+!I




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


3!P=#L^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M9G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





'!T.SXY+#
P-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^-RPW
S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT-PP
#0\+V9O;G0^




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z





#`P


M;VTZ



M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


#`P






T1F;VYT+69A








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY.970@9&5F97)R960@=&%X


M;&4]


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




3!P=#L^)B



M97


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M-C




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^*#(R+#`X


T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ








M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I





T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P




3!P=#L^*#$L













M8FEL:71I97

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#$V-BPS-C4\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\
6QE/3-$=F5R


M;VTZ






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M









G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^*#
T+#`P-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V












M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^



M:'0Z





T0G=F5R




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P
#`[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3(Q+#0W,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P-S`O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]






#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



T1T;W`^4V-H


Q
M-C`[
C@L(#(P
3



'!T.SX@86YD(&-H86YG97
@9'5R:6YG('1H
M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D(&ES('!R97-E;G1E9!B96QO=RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T



M92UH96EG:'0Z


T1F


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


38P






M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


3!P=#L^5V5I9VAT960M879G+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^<F5M86EN:6YG/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXW
M

#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M

7!X('-O;&ED








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^1W)A





#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








T1F;VYT





M;&4]

'!T.SXH
3(L
M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



F4Z,3!P=#L^
M17AP:7)E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R





M

'!T.SXY
#8L
C4Q

#`P
#MB86-K


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^.2XY-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






P
#`P


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
6QE/3-$)W9E



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



3!P=#L^



]






M
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



3$\+V9O;G0^


M

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL

C@Y
#8R


M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


3X\+W1D


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FIU






#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



3
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR



3!P=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^4FES:RUF

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I








G!X.R!R;W=S






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L











3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









G!X.R!R




M9RUT;W`Z




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
3!P=#L^)#DN

T1V97)T



3!P=#L^)#DN



3!P=#L^)#@N
C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^



@87
@



#`P





@87

M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X






M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B







#`P
M

G!X






38P









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY3=&]C:R!A=V%R9'

CDL(#(P
3(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^.#
V+#`R-#PO9F]N=#X\







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]


P
#`P


M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,BXR-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXQ-BXX.3PO




M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,3(N-S,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M:'0Z





P
#`P
M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO



M(S`P
#`P












M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO



M:6-T960@4W1O8VL@56YI='

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FIU

3!P=#L^
M02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





M:6YG/3-$


T0V
M

T0Q



T0Q.24@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E/]F









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^4W1O8VL@


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^.2XU.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^









M





'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X







T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
M,31F9&9E8S0P-S`-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P
M9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

O
M4VAE970T.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]



]
T1T:#Y$96




]


@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V

M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3(P)3MT97AT

3!P



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








G!X


F4Z.'!T




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^06-T=6%R:6%L(AL

M;&4]



G!X


T1F


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



G!X


T1F





G!X.R!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3`S

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXT



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




G!X


F4Z.'!T





M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







38L

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


C
\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M969T.C



M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$L,C(Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P



2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


P
#`P


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT


F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXS


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M969T.C


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M;&4]








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



#`P


T1F



P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N








T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

M












M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N

M

M0F5N969I=!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;W1T;VTZ







G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q







M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

T1F;VYT



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


G!X



3X\




M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P


#

M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]



P
#`P

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-C0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP






M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$L.3`Y/]F




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*#$L




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M969T.C



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R




M9RUT;W`Z



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





M
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1V%I;B\H;&]S<RD@<F5C;V=N:7IE

P
#`P
#`[


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M

SPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P


T1F;VYT






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXH







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


P
#`P


G!X


P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T1V97)T





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q






M;&4]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



#`P






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

M
#`P



P
#`P

M

M
#`P






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



C`Q
M




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T





G!X.R!R


F4Z.'!T.SY!




M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I















G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I





M:'0Z





\+V9O;G0^


#(\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT


B!S

G!X

M





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z


M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD



P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P



M:'0Z





\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



C0L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]








M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



3X\9&EV('-T









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B











B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT










M


'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



P
#`P




M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




M/3-$



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M







G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


G!X



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]












G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\













M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M





M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z


M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V









#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


7!X('-O






M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


P
#`P


3X\9&EV




7!X



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




]


T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.C8T

M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q








M=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]
T0W-W!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P
#`[


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\








\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT
F4Z.7!T.SXT
3PO9F]N





3X\






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M9RUT;W`Z


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1F;VYT

@



M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M

CL\


2!C






G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q



P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

2PU



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

2PV
#0\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



M



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@










38P



F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N


F4Z.7!T.SY);F-O;64@=&%X97,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


P
M
#`P

M;&4]

L
S@R

P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC


G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P



M/B@Y.#

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F%T:6]N(&]F('!R:6]R('-E<G9I8V4@8V]S



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T









3X\


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD



P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P




M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




B!S='EL93TS







#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


F4Z
M.7!T.SXQ+#@X,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M


G!X.W!A9&1I




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

RPR-S$\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

P
#`P
#`[

T1F



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB



7!X

P
M
#`P




T1F;VYT





M/3-$



T1F;VYT



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\

6QE/3-$9F]N









P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^




3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



M.C$R

'!T.SX\9F]N






]

;W-S*2!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D




Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\



'!T.SX@(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A9&1I

















M=&@]

M=&@]
T0V-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-'!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-G!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^1&5R:79A=&EV93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





P
#`P


P
M
#`P


P
#`P
M



#`P
M



M:'0Z


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC

M

M
#`P






#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M

P
M
#`P






M;&4]


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M;W1T;VTZ








T1F









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.7!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

L

P
#`P





P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K



7!X('-O


2PY

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

30L-3`R

#`P
#MP861D

M




T1F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



P
#`P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

CDL-#(S

#`P
#MP861D

M




S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T
M9F1F96
T

Z+S
S
&9F
M93)B7V9C


'0O:'1M;#L@


]


M

C@L(#(P
3





Q-C`[
C@L
M(#(P
3




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
M

M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3!P=#L^


M








T0Q)2!R;W=S



T1V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3!P=#L^
M1&5C96UB97(@



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ



T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ
C

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





G!X


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SXU+#
P-SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M





3!P=#L^

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3(L.3`T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M







M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



F4Z,3!P
M=#L^*#$P,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V




M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3!P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A




T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M





@

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3
L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
3
L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P








T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M93HQ


R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXH
S$L







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY.970@86UO=6YT(')E8V]G;FEZ960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C;VQS







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V


R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L















T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^*#$Q+#`Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M:'0Z





38P.SPO





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^*#
Q+#(W

P
#`P




#`P








M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$P


3!P=#L^)B



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B

'!T.SX\9F]N




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR-BPW
S@\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^4')I


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



P
#`P


3X\9&EV


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY.970@86UO=6YT(')E8V]G;FEZ
M960F(S$V
#LF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED





!S;VQI







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
'0M9&5C
M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(Y+`R

3!P

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@06-C=6UU;&%T960@86YD(%!R;VIE
M8W1E9!96YE9FET($]B;&EG871I;VYS(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z-#AP




'!T.SX\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A

S@R.#$R-24[8F]R


M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


3!P=#L^
M
C`Q

M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





M



'!T.SXR


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4')O:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^








M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
!S


P
#`P


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
3(U+#DS



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









'!T.SXQ



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




]




@

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z-#AP




'!T.SX@(`@(`\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL

U.3
W



M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]








'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

3

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



M:'0Z







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3!P=#L^1&5C96UB
M97(@



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M








P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









#`P




3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU+#



M





38P.SPO9F]N







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






G!X


3!P=#L^


M


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B







T1F



G!X.W!A9&1I







B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C4L




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ



P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^3F5T('!E;G-I
M;VX@8V]S=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG




3!P=#L^

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]








G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P









#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
RPR
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^






I.CPO9F]N=#X\


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P







3

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X




3(\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M










T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T



'!T.SX\9F]N


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






F4Z,3!P=#L^,RPQ.#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^
BPY
3(\+V9O;G0^


3!P=#L^




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#0L







M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3!P=#L^


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z



M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\




7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C






#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

]
T1R


M5&EM97


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





@

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P

M;&4]

'!T.SX@:7
@
M87
F4Z
3!P=#L^

F4Z,3!P=#L^(`@(`@/]F;VYT/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.W=I9'1H.C4U+C@U.3
W-24[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA


T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M





P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS








@


M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M=6UP=&EO;G


M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X

M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV


T1T97AT


T1F

'!T.SXR


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





#`P







G!X


F4Z
3!P=#L^
RXY


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








3!P=#L^
RXP









38P

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ

@=7-E



3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,38E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



M
3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z











'!T.SXR



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.SY$96-E





P
#`P
M









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY2871E(&]F(&EN8W)E87-E(&EN(&9U='5R92!C;VUP96YS871I







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R4\+V9O




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M

'!T.SXT+C$V)3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M='






'!T.SX\9F]N





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXW+C



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M:6]N(&]F(%!L86X@07-S971S(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.W!A


M86YY)W

M;V-A=&EO;G



#`P


38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT






M/3-$




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

3!P
M=#L^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97

M;&4]

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU






M/3-$

F4Z,3!P=#L^-#@N,R4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
M



M:'0Z




3!P=#L^



P
#`P


3X\9&EV



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@5&%R9V5T($%L;&]C871I;VX@

6QE
M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

F4Z
3!P=#L^0F%S960@=7!O;B!T

F(S@R

L(&%S



M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N


T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.C4X+C4Y






3X\+W1D/CPO='(^




3!P=#L^

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

M87)L:6YG($-A;F%D82!P96YS:6]N('!L86YS('=I;&P@8F4@:6YV97-T960@




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C












M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M8W5M=6QA=&5D($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@:6X@17AC97-S(&]F($9A





3!P=#L^/&)R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E



3(P)3MT97AT+6EN


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C



M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HY

T0S
B4@




T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]









G!X.R!R






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A







M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



M93HQ



M9'

M1#


M;VTZ



P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



38P.R8C
38P.T1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY&:7AE9!);F-O;64Z
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXT





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
C8L





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

M9RUT;W`Z



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXT
3(\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




3X\9&EV

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXT
RPU
M-C




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXQ+#0S-#PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
PS,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^
3DL-34Q



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXW-C(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


3D\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE









M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P



F4Z
M




P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$V


3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


38P



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^





M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z


M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M





M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M93HQ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



3!P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR
BPY
#8\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY3:&]R=!497)M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#MB86-K


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MB


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
3$X+#@Y.#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW-RPU,#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P



#`P



3!P=#L^-#$L

#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P

M/3-$





@6U1A8FQE


3(P)3MT



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E






'!T.SXF(S$V



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I9'1H

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CPO




M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P












M/3-$




M;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M



'!T.SXV+#8X


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M:'0Z





M86X]






3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



]
T1R

]
T1T97AT



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R;W9I9&5S(&UO

4[=&5X=UA

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z











M;&4]


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



M9RUT;W`Z





P
#`P


G!X




P
#`P



G!X




#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



C`Q
SPO9F]N


C`Q


M
C`Q


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

P
#`P


M/3-$





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
2PS-S$\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P

M




M

M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M



M




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4F5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





#MP861D


3X\



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;VTZ



M/3-$




38@*&
I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXQ+#$Q

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]


2!#;VYT<FEB=71I;VYS

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


P
#`P

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T1F

C`P







4[9F]N=US

T1F;VYT



@:&%V:6YG(&5X

@=&AR;W5G:!-87D@,S$L(#(P,38N/]F;VYT/CPO

M

@


T1W











P@,C`Q-BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D


M
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]


M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='

]


3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L
M;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS


SDE(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T1V97)T





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


3!P


M93HQ




G!X.R!R





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
M
3



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X







M/3-$






G!X.R!R;W=S





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M93HQ

T0G



M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ

T0G=F5R


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^3W1H97(@8W5R<F5N=!A<W-E='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I











M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M




T1F

'!T.SXR+#0V.3PO9F]N

P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU
#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O




3!P



G!X



3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

'!T.SX\9F]N





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O











M;&4]

'!T.SY/=&AE


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ





M/3-$






G!X.R!R;W=S





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






'!T.SXT






M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
M

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
C$\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q





M/3-$

W!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]




M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M















M:'0Z





38P.SPO






M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXS,PP

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







3!P


M93HQ
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
M

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDR+C4W.#$R-24[8F]R



M=VED=&@]
T0R

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A











M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M








T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY
:6%B:6QI='D@1&5R:79A=&EV
M97



3!P=#L^87

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O;&ED



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








M






'!T.SXR
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO










3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M97



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$S


3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$S


3!P=#L^)B


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T







M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY#;W)N(&]P=&EO;G
@86YD(&9U
M='5R97






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






G!X





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL










G!X







G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
















M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV





G!X.R!R;W=S




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P









#`P

M;VTZ


3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N

P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ-#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M;&4]





Q-C`[
M
CDL(#(P



'!T.SX@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@*&EN('1H;W5S
3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V






M=W-P86X]

T0Q


M/3-$


T0Q


M


T0Q


2!C


T0Q


2!C;VQS


T0Q



M/3-$

T0Q



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3)P=#L^)B



T1T


M

'!T.SY#87-H($9L



3)P=#L^)B



I


3!P=#L^;VX@1&5R:79A=&EV97


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3)P=#L^)B
Q

;W-S*3PO9F]N=#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^4F5C;&%S<VEF:65D($9R;VT\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P









#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


F4Z,3!P=#L^1V%I;B!O<B`H3&]S<RD\+V9O;G0^/]D

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3!P=#L^*$EN969F


3!P=#L^169F96-T:79E;F5S




38P





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P
#`P

M/3-$



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
!S;VQI




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P
M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B









M:'0Z







2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^



G!X.R!R;W=S






M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^*#8R.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G=F5R




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT











G!X.R!R;W=S










M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P











M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,S$Q/]F;VYT/CPO







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ
!D
M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS





T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]



M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



3!P=#L^



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q


M:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M


M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


S!P




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T1V

@*&EN969F96-T:79E






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F
M8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q


]









'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

C@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\


38P.SPO


38P









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M





M




R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY3:6=N:69I8V%N=#PO9F]N=#X\


M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)
M;G!U='

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV


T0S


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


T0S('-T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXS














2!C




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


\

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^
S`L

#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

M
#`P



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T


P+#`R.#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M





M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY
:6%B:6QI

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




3!P=#L^1&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B



T1F;VYT




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^





M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-S4L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO






M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





P
#`P

2!C;VQS






M:'0Z






M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXR-S4L

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR-S4L

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




S
P
M9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C

M-&9D9F5C-#`W



]



]
T1T:#Y$
M96



]
T1R

T0G




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$









M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M93HQ

3

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P


G!X.W!A






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N


3!P
M=#L^1&5C96UB97(@



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P

2!C;VQS





P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N


M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M
2PU
#$L





M;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^,C8U+#DT,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^
CDU+#
V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



M93HQ














M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P

2!C


M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FIU

3!P=#MT

#LF(S$V
#LH:6X@=&AO=7-A






M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3!P=#L^
M1&5C96UB97(@



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^*#$X-2PT-CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X



T1F;VYT


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD





'!T.SXH


M93HQ


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$S






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M





T1T;W`^0G5S


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1F

G!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9'1H/3-$-C$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
C`Q






G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^
2PX.#0L



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P


P
#`P
M

M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^
RPR-#0L
3

M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





P
M
#`P










T1T;W`^0G5S:6YE






3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



3)P=#L^)B



M/3-$



M



3X\



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@


#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D1E8V5M8F5R(#




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





38P.SPO



G!X


3!P=#L^


M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M




M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M;VTZ



M/3-$





G!X.R!R;W=S


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXQ









G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX+#8T-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







M









'!T.SXW+#@Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1F

'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



#`P





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M






'!T.SXX-2PS-S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P












G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B













3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXU

M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M

F4Z,3!P=#L^.2PQ-C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXS
RPU







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


Q+#`P
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^
BPP

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M93HQ



M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D


7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ
3@L

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M







P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^-C`L

#`P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B
M;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T0P
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M




T1V
&-L=61E<R!T:&4@8V%P:71A;!A

@86-Q=6ER960@87


M

'!T.SYF:7-C86P@
M
C`Q





3!P

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


T1T;W`^1V5O

]


M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

@07)E82!.
M970@5')A9&4@4F5V96YU97

T1F;VYT+69A



T0T
24@




T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M

F4Z,3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,CDL/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
M


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$R


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]









G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F




M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#8X-RPP,#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^



P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX+#`W-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P



M










G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


P
#`P

2!C


P
M
#`P








T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M;VYS(&EN('1H92!5+E






3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



3!P=#L^1FES8V%L(%EE87(@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB



M



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG





\+V9O;G0^






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ+#8Y
2PQ-3
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C
R+#
Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P







P
#`P

2!C;VQS


P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^
BPQ
38L-C

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
M
#$T9F1F96
T


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H


M86QI9VX]





]


3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









T0S




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



M96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
3




38P






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]











G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3!P=#L^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`P







P
#`P
#`[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-#(S+#4Y








M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
!S


P
#`P


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




G!X

#`P
M




7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



F4Z,3!P=#L^
M3W!E<F%T:6YG(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




M;64@=&%X97

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^-#4L





F4Z,3!P=#L^,C,L,#<X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




3X\9&EV

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,BPT.3,\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXP



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


C

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




M960@96%R;FEN9W









M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C(R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T



3(P)3MF




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$



M92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-C9P


M93HQ


3!P=#L^(&EN('1R

M86P@
C`Q


3!P=#L^





M;F1E;G0Z

'!X




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0Q




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]








P
#`P


M










3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.U%U87)T97(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


X-RPQ
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


BPW
S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ





M/3-$








M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV-2PW-S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

6QE


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3X\




G!X.R!R





38P



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X.R!R





38P

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0F%S
M:6
@96%R;FEN9W




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C(T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXP














]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



6QE
M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/D-O;F1E;G-E9!#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA

M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M




3!P

M=&@Z.3@N-C


T0Q

T0Q


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV





R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

G!X.W!A9&1I










T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^4F5S=')I8W1E9!C87-H/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







X


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;&4]




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






T0R





G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3$R+#@T-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M97

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M-BPS


M/3-$






G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^.PP
C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





S

M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

T0R('-T






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3$U/]F;VYT





B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXQ-PU
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M




M93HQ


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^
RPX

T1V





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,BPQ,#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M)B
X

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;&4]


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^
34L

P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P

M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



M




2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF





M;&4]



T1F




M/C$W
BPU
S

T1V97)T:6-A








M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


L(&YE=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z



T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z


T1V97)T:6-A






T1V





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M.SXR-34L-3



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV






3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A







M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]

M



T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






W
RPV.3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#,U,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P







#`P


M;VTZ






M:'0Z



F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P




P
#`P



#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS







M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXR+#`X.PW-S



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O



P
#`P







P
#`P
M









M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


P
#`P

2!C












M/3-$













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B

#L\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXX-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





3X\


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

G!X.W!A




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X







T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T



M93HQ


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^
C(L.3

T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M









\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


F4Z.7!T.SXR,PQ-S@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M
3$L

P
#`P





#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X




3$S+#$W-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T1F;VYT+69A

M8FEL:71I97

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I





M/3-$





M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M-#(X+#@P






M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z





M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^












M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^
S8L



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV






3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-PR


M






G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M93HQ







3(S+#@V
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M;W1T;VTZ






T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

P
#`P

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M/3-$













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


'!T.SX\9F]N








P
#`P


3X\9&EV


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M;VTZ




T0G=F5R=&EC




C`S



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P

X
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P
M
#`P








M;W`Z



T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S








#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^
RPR-#0L
3

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ



3(P


M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





3(P)3MT97AT



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ








M




T0Q
M

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



#`P

G!X

M86X]




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP



M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A




M;&4]







M;VTZ







G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



T1V







M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B
X



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I
F4Z.7!T.SXQ
M
#
L














M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M;&4]

V
3PO





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXS-2PS,C`\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^






M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

T1F


3
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









3X\9&EV('-T








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

3PO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



'0M86QI

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^.PQ-30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A







B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT








M;&4]


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M

CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


T1F;VYT





M;&4]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z







M

M

M86X]






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#0T
M.2PU-S<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA





X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^


G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W


L(&YE






R
M
BPV


M/3-$






G!X







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



M93HQ


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^
S
W+#0P








M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,C$L.#8P/]F






B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M/3-$







M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





T1F



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



'0M86QI

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

M.SXR-BPU

T0G=F5R=&EC





P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P

2!C



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M



T1F;VYT+69A

U+#$W
3PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#0T,RPW,#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P


P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



M

M






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

Q










T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z






2!C







6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

X
C$R.SPO






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]














M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



S0R+#DU-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ




#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M:71I97

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-3DL,C$X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^







M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^
3


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0L(&YE=!O



M


M


M






G!X.R!R







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)B
X



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXR-3`L,30R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

X
M


G!X.R!R;W=S





M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




#`P
M

2!C;VQS



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

V
#PO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV






M

M

M86X]






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I







M



2PP-C(L-#


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,2PS.#0L,S0X/]F;VYT


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$L-#0Y+#4W-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T1F;VYT+69A

#8R+#0S-CPO9F]N=#X\




T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
2PT-#
L

#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

P
#`P
#`[



#`P







T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





P
#`P




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



BPT

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





]









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@=&AO=7-A

3(P
M)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT


38P

3(P)3MF






M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q

T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\





M1#


M;VTZ



R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



7!X('-O;&ED


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R


2PV

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

P
#`P


M/3-$



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



7!X



M

M
#`P






#`P


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





2PW
C
L


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^0V]S=!O9B!S

M.7!T.SXU

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\






3X\9&EV







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A










M



2PQ
#$\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











3X\






3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE











P
#`P


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M.SXY+#$Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P

G!X


M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT

3PO9F]N=#X\





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

M.SXQ+#`W-2PR-#

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD



P
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M
C(X+#
R.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A








G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



P
#`P


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,34V+#,W-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


T0G=F5R





T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






38Y+#4V-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



Q-C`[






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



B!S

G!X

M




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



G!X.R!R;W=S



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^





G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

F4Z.7!T.SY&;W)E:6=N(&-U<G)E;F-Y(&=A:6YS+RAL;W-S97,I/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







X


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT






M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT










3X\9&EV





3X\




M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]








M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






T1V





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M.SXW+#8V

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






P
#`P


G!X




#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M.SXF(S@R


T0R('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



3$P+#@Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






34Y+#8V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


F4Z.7!T.SXH
M,2PV,C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA

T1F;VYT+69A








M;W1T;VTZ












F4Z.7!T.SY);F-O;64@
M=&%X97

M.SXQ+#@T.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P

G!X


M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-3$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








#@L.38W

#`P
#MB86-K


M


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M








P
#`P


3

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






P
#`P





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

P
#`P
#`[

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M
3`X+#DV-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E


6QE/3-$

M9VAT.C$R

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





G!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V




M



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P






P
#`P





F4Z.7!T.SY'=6%R86YT;W)S/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


M1#


M;VTZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T1V





M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




#`P






#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P
#`P


3X\



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




7!X('-O




G!X

#`P
M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T






#`P



M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

T1F


M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






M=!A;F0@97AP96YS97,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^
2PR



M






M.SXX

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,30P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M

M

M86X]





M/3-$




M




M.7!T.SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M/C(S+#4T
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;&4]


M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

P
#`P


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M;W1T;VTZ








M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


P
#`P

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3@X
M+#0Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P





3X\



3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

#L\+V9O;G0^







M9RUT;W`Z


T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



M93HQ


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@




G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

M.SXS+#


G!X.R!R




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]










M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T














3$Y
M+#DU



#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ





M;W1T;VTZ





T0G=F5R











M;W1T;VTZ













#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXH,3$Y+#DU,SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[




T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-BPR.#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-S`L-3(S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

CL\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T














!D;W5B
M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$







T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M







M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

P
#`P
#`[

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M*#$L

#`P
M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





3$Y+#DU
SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





P
#`P


3


P
#`P

M





F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&;W(@=&AE('EE
M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([=&5X

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3)P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B

S(X
M




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



M/C$L
C
X+#@U.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M93HQ



M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P
M







T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M;&4]


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A

RPR



M





3X\
F4Z.7!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^.#<Y+#(W-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV






3X\9&EV('-T



T1F;VYT+69A







M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

X
C$R



M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M
RPU

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P

CPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXW.PY

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



F4Z.7!T.SY4;W1A;!C;W-T<R!A;F0@97AP96YS97

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




P
#`P


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,2PP,#(L-S@R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


F4Z.7!T
M.SXH,3DQ+#`X,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





2PT.#
L



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O





#`P
#MB


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


S$S+#DX-#PO9F]N=#X\







M9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]





M93HQ



T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



F4Z.7!T.SXH
M


F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


F4Z.7!T.SXH,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I







X


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M





T1V97)T

M-3




T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^




M9RUT;W`Z







M

M

M86X]





M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXH,BPY-34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^










G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L












G!X



M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

2PU-S(\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


G!X



3X\


\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






!S;VQI




#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


P
#`P

M

P
#`P

2!C






G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,C,U+#4Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

2PP
3D\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


M;&4]


F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T

F4Z.7!T.SY);F-O;64@=&%X97,@*&)E;F5F
M:70I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T









P
#`P


G!X


P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3`R+#@W-CPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M




P
#`P


38Y+#0Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R








T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ






T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXQ-CDL-#$X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



]


M(A,;W-S*2!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;VYD



M('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT
7!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S

C8U




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M




F4Z
M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^








S$W



G!X


P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF






M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$P-2PQ

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.V)O




M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



#@L


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M=!O9B!T87@Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z.7!T.SY&;W)E:6=N(&-U<G)E;F-Y('1R86YS;&%T:6]N/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X












M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

30L

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N











T1V97)T





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(S@R



F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#$T,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3X\9&EV('-T





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




X


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,2PQ-#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M

M:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE+!N970@;V8@=&%X/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.V)O


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M
38L


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M

X
C$R.SPO

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


M;W`Z

#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A



7!X





M;VTZ


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X









#`P


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M.SXQ
C4L

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



#`P


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M



3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P


G!X




P
#`P

2!C



M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P




P
#`P



#`P



M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



















M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDW+C(V-38R-24[8F]R



M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M









38P


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A


G!X.W1E



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



M/C$S

M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



3(Q+#
R
3PO9F]N=#X\

7!X('-O;&ED




M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M;&4]


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P




T1F;VYT


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M





M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M9G0Z


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M*#$L

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M

M


G!X.R!R





M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M

M

M86X]





M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




T1F


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M

CL\


2!C






G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


V

M;&4]


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M.7!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[




B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




T0R('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M


M(&-O;'-P86X]




7!X

X
C$R.SPO9F]N

7!X('-O



M

M
#`P





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M/E1O=&%L(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

P
#`P


M


#`P
M


M;W`Z
F4Z.7!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^
3
P+#
T-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



C$L

#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



#`P



P
#`P



#`P





P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS





P
#`P
M






3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


'!T.SX\9F]N


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M=#HT



3(P)3MT


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT



M:'0Z

7!X.V9O


M9VAT.C$R

2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





G!T.SXF(S$V


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
SDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q

M=&@]






R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$






P
#`P


G!X


6QE

R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z











G!X



3X\









#`P



M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
30V+#4X-#PO9F]N

7!X('-O








G!X

#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT













M93HQ




T1V



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M





\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT







M






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M.7!T.SXF(S@R

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

PQ-#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





M;&4]

M.BTQ


G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#0X,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$





T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]











G!X.V9O


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



X






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P


M





CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P

M/3-$


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT









M

#(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,30V+#4X-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[






P
#`P


M

#`P



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P




P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P

M.SXH
30U+#DU
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P




T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,34Y+#4P,CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[







]









3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X
M+`R
'0M:6YD96YT.C0U<'@[9F]N=US

'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

SDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIU;F1E<FQI;F4[/D-A<V@@9FQO
M=W









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A





G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


3`X+#DV-SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



M;&4]






F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^






M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V

M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T1F;VYT



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T







M;&4]






B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#4L

T1F;VYT+69A




M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






P
#`P




P
#`P
M





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P



M

#0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXR,3`L-S(Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


















38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M














T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$Q.PS
M




M



M



T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M.7!T.SXH-S


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]








M9RUT;W`Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M




2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M93HQ



T1F







M9&5N=#HM


X
C$R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A














M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X


M;VTZ



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F


M.SXQ+#4S

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



X
C$R.SPO


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT






X


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M



M.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$

P
#`P

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,2PP,S0L-C0X/]F;VYT


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


C4\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




M



M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$W


3!P=#L^)B


G!X




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P












M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]




G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,C`P+#`P,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M,30T+#<P-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




X



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





M

@;VX@;&]N9RUT97)M

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M





M;VTZ






T1F



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R





T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F;VYT

#PO9F]N=#X\


M/3-$







M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS







M/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






X



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M


G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#,W,PY.38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]







3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


3
L


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[











CPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



'0M86QI





2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

3([



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








T0R('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R








M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#$S.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





B!S='EL


#`P


G!X


P
#`P

P
#`P


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





M(S`P
#`P





#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X







T0G=F5R




M+#0W



#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$W


3!P=#L^)B




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B






X


M;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

M
3




T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M)B
X


G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#4L,3,T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M








M93HQ


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.7!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^,3`S+#(T.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







P
#`P


G!X.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M
#`P

2!C







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M

CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO
M=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

3!P=#L^








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M

S(X
M




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N

M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV







M;&4]





2PS
C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT












F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M








T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M9G0Z

@:6X@:6YV97-T
M;65N='

M
3$Y+#DU






M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$








T1V97)T





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI











T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3@U+#DQ-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

P
#`P
#`[

M.7!T.SXF(S@R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.7!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^,C0Y+#4S-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B


M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







M








M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


G!X.V9O


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV




M.#(Q



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A


T1F










L


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



T1F;VYT


M;&5F=#HQ


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXH-#,L-#0Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T





M9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]








SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#<X
M-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N
M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS







M/3-$





T0R('-T






3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

T1F;VYT+69A


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



P
#`P

P
#`P




T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$S-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

P
#`P




P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


34S+#@S



M;VTZ



M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M:'0Z




38P.SPO


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








@;VX@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+V9O;G0^






#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M.7!T.SXF(S@R

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

PP,S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





M;&4]


F4Z.7!T.SY)<W-U86YC97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M

M

M86X]





M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M+6QE9G0Z


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)B
X



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE








M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV




M.#(Q



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z






3X\



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







P
#`P











M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M




#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


F4Z.7!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V











#`P

G!X


M



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I







S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M






M






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T




#`P





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


S$L


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


M.7!T.SXV
2PW

T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]






2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

X+#DS-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^.38L.30U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO







T1F

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






P
#`P


M



P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q










RPR-#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


'!T.SX\9F]N


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M=#HT



3(P)3MT


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[

M






M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH










3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^27-S=65R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]














M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXQ-CDL-#$X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#8S-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1F;VYT

3@\+V9O;G0^


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






T1V





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXQ.#0L,#(W/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




30L-3

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


F4Z
M.7!T.SXQ+#DU,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@






C`W+#0Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





R+#`U
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





M(S`P
#`P




M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B


M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY#87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T
M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M97

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;W`Z


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



34S




T1V97)T:6-A





3)P

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^








X
C$R.SPO


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]



M;&4]






B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



P-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

M+#



M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-38X/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#4R.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





M

7!X('-O




M

7!X('-O

M

RPS
#4\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




S
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]




#`P




M



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$W


3!P=#L^)B




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY#87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@9FEN86YC:6YG
M(&%C=&EV:71I97,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

G!X.V9O;G0M




G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#(W,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T1F;VYT+69A


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









PP,#D\+V9O;G0^/]D













2PP

T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

CL\+V9O





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





M



'0M86QI





2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

3([







M;&4]






B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





CDQ+#`P


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M/3-$




2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT





M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]

M



T0R




M9RUT;W`Z






M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







X
C$R.SPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



3X\



3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXH,C,L,S,P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







M+6EN9&5N=#HM






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M







X


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T










M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXQ+#$R-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.7!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R












B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O





#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

S
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





RPS
S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ





3X\9&EV('-T

M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M

7!X('-O





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3=P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M+6QE9G0Z



T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M









M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

3([







M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^0V%S:!A;F0@8V%S



3
L

P
#`P





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M;W1T;VTZ








#`P

G!X


M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT

CPO9F]N=#X\








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R





M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,2PW-S,\+V9O;G0^/]D






P
#`P


2PY-38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS


M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXS.PY

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ




S
&9F93)B7V9C

M7S`Q-&9D9F5C-#`W






]


T0Q
3XS


]


]

]
M


@16YD960\


]

M

C`Q


CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^=V5E:W
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q




MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q



M


C`Q


M=7)E9!$96)T(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C@L(#(P
3


;V%N($9A8VEL:71Y(%M-96UB

]
T1T:#Y$96

]
T1T:#Y$96



M/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
3





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X

]
T1T:#Y$96

]
T1T
M:#Y$96

C`Q






M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q

M96UB97)=/&)R/E9E:&EC;&5S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




C@L(#(P
3



]
T1T:#Y$96

]
T1T





]




]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$S


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]




]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M





]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]






]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]

]


]
T1F;CX\


]





]




]
T1T




]





]





]






]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]






]


]



]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]



]



]



]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]





]





]





]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
R!Y96%R


]





]



:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]





]





]





]


]


]
T1T

65A<G



]






]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]




]
T1F





]


2PV


]
T1T




]







]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]








]

]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M






]


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]






3


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]




]





]


3DL-3(V+#`P







]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XQ

]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


M8W5R:71I97


]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]



]
T1P

]


]
T1F;CX\


]


#QS


]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^


]




]






]





]





]





]



]





]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]


]




]



#QS

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]



]

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D



]




]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-2PU
C4L



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]






]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]
T1T



]


]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T
M;W`^06YT:61I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97
@97AC;'5D960@9G)O;2!C;VUP


]




]




]
T1N=6UP/C(P






S



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT





]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




M




]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




M5&%X($)E;F5F:70@9G)O;2!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@17AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@

]




]








]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
3
X+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3(U+#`P




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]




]

]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





M



]





]


U+#`P
M

C0L




]





]
T1N=6UP/C
T


#`\



]
T1T




]





]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(W-2PP
#`L
#`P


]

]
T1T




]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(X
BPT
M
#`L



]





]





]




]

]




]

]
T1T


M1&YU;3XH
30L-3`R+#`P


]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T






]



]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]

;W-S*2P@56YR96%L:7IE9#PO=&0^

#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


]

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


T0T-CX\+W1D

T1T;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T-2!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^26YC;'5D960@:6X@


30N
B!M:6QL:6]N(&EN('1H



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T
M

O4VAE970U-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

]


]


]

T0R/C$R

M86X]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]









#$R/&)R/E531`H
M)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

M1'1H/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q
SQB

M8RX@
CDL(#(P


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`R.P@
C`Q



#$S/&)R/E)O

C`Q


M/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
3


C@L(#(P
3

M96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


C`Q


C@L(#(P
3




]



]


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]









]



]






]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
M



]





]




]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



#`L


]



]


]
T1F;CX\


]



]

P


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]

]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]



]



]




]





]


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

S(L
M-#`P+#`P


]





]




BPT.3
L




3@L
#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#$W
BPP

C4L
#`P/'-P86X^


M+#`P


3



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

#`L
M

]
M




]




]

S8Y+#`P


]

2PV
M


M1&YU;7`^
S@Q+#
V.2PP





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]
T1F



]





]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-Q=6ER960@9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S
M971S+!W96EG:'1E9UA=F5R86=E('5S969U;!L:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]



]






]




\+W1D




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

3`L.#`P
M+#`P

]
M




]



]



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]









]





]






]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]


]



]







]





]





]





]






]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
M




]





]



M
T1T;W`^261E;G1I9FEA8FQE(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F



]





]
T1N=6UP/C(T

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M+#8P

]




]
T1N=6UP/C0V+#(P
M



]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D



]




]
T1T97AT



]
M




]




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT







]




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]

CD^/]T9#X-B`@



@;6EL


C`Q
R!A;F0@)#$T+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!T:&4@9F]U






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5304%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N




]




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PY




]
T1N=6UP/C(R.2PY-C



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@*&EN





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2XR




^+RH@


M





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


:6YE($ET96US73PO

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]







]
T1T97AT


SDL





T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D


M
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@=&%X

]


M-2PP






M;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97






3(L-C
U


S!F
M9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






#$Q/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
BP@



M8RX@
C@L(#(P
3


M


M97%U96YT($5V96YT(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/D554B`H)B-X
C!A8SLI/&)R/F-O

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P-RP@
C`Q-#QB




]
T1T:#Y*




]




]





T1T;W`^1F%C92!A


]




]








]



]
T1N=6UP/C(U







]


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M


]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT



M($-O;G1I;F5N='
@:6X@=VAI8V@@16YT:71Y($]P97)A=&5S/]T9#X-B`@




]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]

]





]



]





]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C`P+#`P


]








]


M
#`P+#`P

]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L
S
X+#$X-2PP




@06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS(%!R

]




]



M='
@3F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]




@4')O($9O




]




@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]


C0L
C8Y+#`P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]
T1N=6UP/C8L-C0W+#DY-2PP
#`\




M

@06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS(%!R;R!&;W)M82!#=7)R96YT
M($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG






@06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS(%!R
M;R!&;W)M82!$96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]




@



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M.#8T+#`Q-BPP






@06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS(%!R;R!&



]
T1N=6UP/C8L-C0W+#DY
M-2PP



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







]


M;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G


]


3@R+#`P


]




S
T+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT





]



]



]
T1R93X-



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]






]



]
T1N=6UP/CDW-2PP



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P-S`O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]
T1T:#Y$96









]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C4L
3


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P



]




L('5N;&5S

C`Q






]




]

S@Q+#
Q




M9VX]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C8W+#
W-3QS


M

]





]



38S+#4R


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


M9VX]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C4R-BPV-#$\

M
30L-3



]





]


M






]






]


]
M



T1T



S
P9F9E
M
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C

M9F5C-#`W





]









M9VX]






]


M92!


BPP


3@L-#(Q+#`P


]
T1R93X-

M;3XH
3`U+#`W


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
S-RPT
#(L
M


]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



#`L


]
T1R93X-






#`P+#`P



M1&YU;7`^

C`P+#`P









]




]


M9VEB;&4@07-S971S(%M


]




]




M-RPV.#$L


]


]




]


]



]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C(U
M
2PU-3`L



]

]
T1N=6T^*#0S+#(P.2PP
#`I


]





]

C$X+#`P
M


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6T^*#$L-3(U+#`P






]


T1T;W`^

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W
C0L






M86QI9VX]



#QS


]



]


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B
M835?.#4W.%\P




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO


]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
SDW+#(X


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06-C
M=6UU;&%T960@:6UP86ER;65N=!L;W-S97
@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE


M;V1W:6QL(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






T1T

]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1R86YS;&%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@V+#0P








]

]

2PV
M



M9VX]

]


M(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!L;W-S97


]


L



T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@870@96YD(&]F('EE


T1T;W`^4F5N
M9&5R:6YG(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@870@

S


M(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M;G5M/B@Q-2PY




T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I


]







M

]


]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R
M8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P




M97%U:78]


]




M=&%I;'


]

]
T1T

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M

@3$Q#($IO


3$


#$R/&)R/D1I


M;BX@
C$L(#(P






]




]

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
S`P/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]


]



M-3`N

M1&YU;7`^-3`N





]




]


]



]


]






]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-2PQ
30L
M

M;7`^-C(L-#DU+#`P





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPW
#`L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F
M9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P



M='`M97%U:78]

]






3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

@3$Q#($IO



]




C@\



]
T1N


]


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W
M.%\P,31F9&9E8S0P-S`-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M='
O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y




]



M;B!A;F0@8F5N969I='









]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^365D:6-A;!C;&%I;7
@;&EA

#QS





]


M



]





T1T;W`^



S
&9F93)B7V9C

M9F5C-#`W


]
M


^
3(@36]N=&AS

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@








]





T1T;W`^
M

]
T1T97AT




#0L



]










]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
C`X+#`P




T1T;W`^
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]


]





]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C0R
2PP

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]
T1T





]








]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30L-#`P
M+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(L
S`P+#`P


]



]




]


]
T1R

]
M




]


]
T1T



]





]



]


]


S
&9F93)B7V9C

`T*



]

M:60]

]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL
M(#(P



]
T1R;W4^#0H@





]
T1N=6UP/C@R/'-P86X^

;VYG






M9VX]



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&5R;2!
;V%N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]






#




]

]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(U





]



]
M



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
M
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P-S`O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@

C@L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

]


]










]
T1N=6UP/C(U
M


]


]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C
T


M($9A8VEL:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P

]



]




]




S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T
M8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M.B\O+T
Z+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C







]

M;CTS1#@^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96

#$X

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^

M9'5E(#(P

34L(#(P
30\

@


]
M
T1T:#Y$96


#$X(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/C(P
M

M97


]



M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
BP@


M;W(@3F]T97
@-2XS-S4E($1U92`R
#(R(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/D1A=&4@3V8@

M+B`P
BP@


@-2XS-S4E($1U
M92`R

BP@



@-2XS-S4E($1U92`R
#(R(%M-96UB97)=/&)R



M(%M


]





]





]




]




]
T1N=6UP/C$P





]
M


#4N




]
T1N=6UP/C$P
M


#$N



]




]
T1T

M=&5X=#XG





]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!)

M:6YC:7!A;!!;6]U;G0@4F5D965M960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]





]



]





S
M
&9F93)B7V9C






]

T1)1#!%









]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


T1T;W`^


T1T;W`^


T1T;W`^


T1T;W`^


]



]




M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T
M

O4VAE970W
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



I




T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

T0Q/C

3(@36]N=&AS


^
M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@




T0R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




@16YD960\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*



CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^55-$

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X



3`\8G(^56YS96-U

M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/D)R:61G92!,;V%N(%M-96UB
M97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q


C@L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^5&5R;2!

M:71I97

]
T1T:#Y$96


C`Q








M)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
M
C`Q




]
M
T1T:#Y$96




]
T1T:#Y$96

C`Q


M:71I97


]
T1T:#Y$96

M8RX@
C@L(#(P
3




C`Q





C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^4F5V;VQV:6YG

M86-I;&ET:65S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/D-A;F%D:6%N(%!R:6UE(%)A=&4@6TUE








C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^5&5R;2!
;V%N($$@1F%C

M
C`Q




#$S/&)R/DQE='1E






C@L(#(P
3
\

C`Q



]


M(&1U92`R
#$X(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P-BP@




#$T/&)R/E-U





M($9A8VEL:71I97


]



M86









M8G(^5&5R;2!


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P-BP@


M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q








]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]




]




]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T





]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M







]


S`P+#`P

]
T1T





C(U+#`P


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]


]


M
#`L



]




#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

M
#`L



]



]
T1P

]



]








]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]






]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]
T1R



]

#`P+#`P


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$U





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M



#`L




]
T1N=6UP/C
U

]
T1T97AT



]








]



]
T1N=6UP/C$N
C4E/'-P86X^


]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
U



#`L
#`P+#`P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M+#`P


]





]




C(U+#`P

]
M




]




#`L
#`P+#`P


]








]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]







]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]



]



]




]


2XU

]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(N-3`E

M
2XU

]
M



]



]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]
T1T




]





]



]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]





]



]




]


2XP

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]


]




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T




]





]
T1N=6UP/C(N




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
T1N=6UP
M/C8X


]
T1N=6UP/C


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]



]

#`P+#`P


#`L
M

M;7`^
S4P+#`P



]





]




]

]



]
T1N=6UP/C@N


]
M




]



]



]




]


]




]
T1T




]




]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



#`L
M


]
M




]



]




]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




S`P+#`P




]





]





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M



@06UO=6YT(%)E;&%T



]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT





]



]




]






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4V14%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


@
M*$1E=&%I;'


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]
M


]








]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C$L-3

S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W
M.%\P





]

]


C`Q

CY397`N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

T0R/DIU;BX@
CDL(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S

]
T1T:#Y$96

C`Q


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#





]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
M




]


]




]





BPR




]
T1T97AT




]


]
M


]








M





CDT



@:6X@=&AE('-E8V]N

#$S+`D.XS(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@=')A
M;G-A8W1I;VX@8V]S='
@:6X@=&AE('1H:7)D('%U87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L
M(#(P
3

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F
M9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P



M='`M97%U:78]

]



I

M(&-O;'-P86X]




T1T



]








]

]


3`L
S8X/'-P

3
L





M9VX]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#


]
T1N=6UP/C(V+#(S


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#$R/'-P



T1T


]






S
&9F93)B7V9C

M9F5C-#`W


]
M


M*$1E=&%I;'





M86QI9VX]


]






]







]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0VAA
M;F=E('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]


\+W1D/@T*

]






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S8L

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T
M9F1F96
T



M(&-O;G1E;G0]



@*$1E=&%I;'

M8RX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]


]



@8V]N=&EN




]

]


\

M
BPQ

M/3-$=&]P/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;BP@:6YC;'5D


]






]


]




]


M;7`^-#0L








]
T1N=6UP/C0T

M86QI9VX]



]




]
T1N



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!$1T0@2F]I;G0@5F5N='5R93PO

]





T1T;W`^

@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@


]





]
T1N=6UP/C$R

]

]


S
P
M9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C

M-&9D9F5C-#`W



]


M1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]


]
T1R;SX-

M

#`L



]




]

M='




T1T




]


]







]

#`L



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!487@@075T:&]R
M:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^/]S




:6YE($ET96US73PO

]





M:7-D:6-T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]

]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N
M=6UP/C4P







]

#`L




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C







]


]

]
M

]
T1T




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



T0T/C$R($UO;G1H


C`Q


]
M
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#(U+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

3@L(#(P
3
\8G(^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N


#$S/&)R


#$R/&)R







#8L
M(#(P

@=&\@;W1H97(@96UP;&]Y

#4L(#(P
3
\8G(^

#$L(#(P


M
C`Q


C`Q

M9'

M075G+B`R.2P@
C`Q


C`Q




C`Q


#$R/&)R/DEN8V5N=&EV92!3=&]C

C`Q


M36%R+B`P-2P@
C`Q



M+B`P-BP@
C`Q




M
C`Q

3`@6TUE;6)E

]
T1R93X-





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]




]
T1T



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]






]




]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]








]


#`L

C0L
3DS+#4T.#QS

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




T1T;W`^4')I8V4@;V8@8V]M



]





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]




]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]


M



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@

]






M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]





C4P+#`P


]


#`P+#`P
#QS

#`L



]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]





M=F%I;&%B;&4@9F]R($=R86YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




M1&YU;7`^
3`L
C@V+#(R

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y-2PV




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]







]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38N-3



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

M87-E9!087EM96YT($%W87)D+!);FET:6%L($-L:69F+!097)C96YT/]T


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]






]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]


]




]







]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^16UP;&]Y964@4V5R=FEC92!3:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VXL


@
M


]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]

#`L

#QS

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]



]
T1R;SX-

]

#`L

BPW
#`L

2PQ
#`L
#`P


]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]




P





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C@L
C`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
L-S`P
M+#`P

]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]



]



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

#`P

M-S4L

M1&YU;7`^
C0L



]
T1N=6UP/C4L




]
T1N=6UP/C4Q




]



]
T1N=6UP/C(R
2PU
#



]
T1R


@3W1H97(@=&AA



]





]





]





C
L.#DT

M
C4L

M1&YU;7`^







]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT



]



]



]



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]



]




]




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]


]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]





]





]





]


]



]





]



]


]




]
T1T




]





]





]



]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1T





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



M86QI9VX]


]





]




]
T1T




]





]





]











]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]

S


]
T1R





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]


]






@:6X@4&5R



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]



]


S
&9F93)B7V9C
6-?






]






@16YD960\+W1H

3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'


]
T1T:#Y-87(N

M8RX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


C`Q




#$R/&)R/E-T;V-K($%W



#$S/&)R

]
T1P


]





]





M=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!T:&4@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@

]





]



]


M=&EO;G


]

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]



]





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;3XH
3(L



]





]





]



]



]
T1R

]
T1N




]





T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D+!796EG:'1E9UA=F5R86=E


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






]
T1T97AT



]
M






]





]




]








]








I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]







]
T1N=6UP/C8W
RPV




]
T1T



M86QI9VX]



]




]



]

@



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




M9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/C`N




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



2XP



]



]



]



]
T1T







]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T




]



]




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1N


]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT



]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(N











]
M







]



]


]





]



]



87!S960L(%=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@1W)A;G0@1&%T92!&86ER


]







]



]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M/3-$;G5M/B@R-2PP





]
T1N=6T^*#4R-RPW
C4I/'-P

M:&%R97
@=F5S=&5D+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($=R86YT($1A=&4@1F%I





]





]

@
M9F]R9F5I=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP



]
M




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]
T1T





]







]

C$L

M=V%R9'


]





]



S
P9F9E
M
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

O4VAE
M970X
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

T0S


#$S/&)R/CPO




;W-S(%M


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M;G5M/B0@*#$Y+#(X


]










]


@




]






\



T1T



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#
I



L($)E;F5F








]
T1N=6UP/C$T
CQS

]
T1N=6UP
















]
M

]



]




M1&YU;7`^-BPT
C



]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

;W-S*2P@56YR96%L:7IE9!'86EN(A
;W-S*2!O



]



M=&EO;B!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@4&%R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



38L



]



]


]
T1N=6T^*#0R-2D\



M='

]
T1N=6T^
M*#$T+#4P





]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F%T=7)A;!'87







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6T^*#0Q*3QS




]
T1N=6T^*#$W


]




]



T1T;W`^3W1H


]
M
T1N=6T^*#$L

]
T1P




]

;W-S*2P@56YR96%L:7IE9!'86EN(A
;W-S*2!O;B!$97)I=F%T

]
T1N=6UP/C$U




]
T1N=6UP

]
M


]

;W-S
M*2P@1&5R:79A=&EV97








M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T.#(I



]




]






2PQ-C



]
T1N=6T^
M*#$P















]



]





]




]






U


]







]
M

;W-S*2P@56YR96%L:7IE9!'
M86EN(A


]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^



]



]


@




]
M


]



]






]





M86YS;&%T:6]N($%D:G5S=&UE;G0L(&)E9F]R92!487@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







M1&YU;7`^



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]






M9VX]

;W-S(%M

]
M







]
T1T



@6TQI

]
M



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


S
&9F93)B7V9C
6-?-&)A







]

T1)1#!%3$Y!2SX-B`@(`@(#QT

L('5N



C`Q

CY*=6XN(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]




M:69I8V%T:6]N($%D:G5S=&UE;G0@;W5T(&]F($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R
M($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(%M


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
M


]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*







]






C0L




]



]






]



]


]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
M



]


#(T/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C4R
M+#@R


]
T1N=6UP/C4Y+#


]









M



]


]




3`R


]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#0Y





]
T1N
M=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#$W

]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#4W





]


]

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D



]



]







]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]

]


]



]
M




]


]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T97AT








]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1F;CX\+W1D




\



]







]




]



M



]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

RPS.#(\




]

]



]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
M


]




]

]
T1T



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M97



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^







M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]





]
M







]




]
T1F



]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]

]



]



]







M9SY296-L87-S:69I8V%T:6]N($%D:G5S=&UE;G0@;W5T(&]F($%C8W5M=6QA
M=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]
T1T97AT



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]




]
T1N
M=6T^*#(V


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]








]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


M
#




]



]



]


]






]



]
T1T



]
T1N=6T^*#4L
S0T

]



]





]
T1F;CX\


]




2PX.#

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN

]


]


M*#
L

]

]
T1I;FYE




M
3



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T
M


M;G0]





]


]

Q+#




]
T1P


M

]



]

M.2PT
C




]



M

]


L($YE=!O9B!487@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6T^*#$T+#4P





]


M

]






;W-S*2!;3&EN92!)


]





]









T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@
M4&QA;G

]
T1R


]
T1P

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
2PU








]


3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,S!F9F4R8E]F
M8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P,31F9&9E8S0P-S`-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T
M

O4VAE970X-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$

M
38^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L






2!-;VYT:'
@

M-CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

CDL
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96

C`Q


2P@
M
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$
M96

S$L(#(P

4L@4V%V



M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^4V%L87)I960@-#`Q*&LI(%-A=FEN9W
@4&QA;B!;


S$L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^4V%L87)I960@-#`Q*&LI(%-A=FEN9W
@4&QA;B!;365M8F5R73QB


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#%K(%-A=FEN9W


#$Q/&)R/D=R:69F:6YS($1E
M9FEN960@0V]N=')I8G5T:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$96

C@L(#(P
3






C`Q

@6TUE





]
T1T:#Y$
M96

C@L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97

\8G(^

L

]



M1#(^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


T0R/D1E
M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^0V5N=')A;!3=&%T97,L(%-O=71H96%S=!A;F0@


]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]



]



#`E/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]
T1T97AT




M+#`P

]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]

]




]


C4N



]
T1N=6UP/C(U+C`P

]
T1T




]





]





]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]


]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C8N


]
T1N=6UP/C8N




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1F;CX\




]




]
T1N=6UP/C(N


]
T1N=6UP/C
N
M

M;7`^
BXP


]
T1N=6UP/C4N




]





]



]



]

]
T1R




]
M




]



]



]



]



]




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]





]





]



]


#`E/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

]
T1P



]




]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]








]




]
T1N=6UP/C4R



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L
C`P+#`P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1N

C`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C4P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C$P

#`N




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]








]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





T1T
M;W`^4&5R:6]D(&]F(%)E='5R;B!/9B!$;W5B;&4@86YD(%-I;F=L92!$:6=I

]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]

]



]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]
T1F;CX\


]

]
T1N







]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT






M9VX]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]



S`P+#`P

#`L


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]


2XU



]

M97
@06-H:65V96UE;G0@4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M





T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($5S=&EM871E


]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]
M

]


]




]
M




]



]



]




]






T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R
M($]F($UU;'1I96UP;&]Y97(@4&QA;G


]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]











]



]



]




]




]


#`P



]







]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT






M9VX]
T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F($UU;'1I96UP;&]Y97(@4&QA;G


M;7`^

]
M




]



]



]




]




]



#`L

#`\


M)`S+#(P,PP





]





]





]



]



]



]

]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





M(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A






S
P9F9E
M
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

O4VAE
M970X-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O





]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

C`Q


CY$96
N
M(#






M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
3(S+#4U
RPP

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



]


]

]

]
M


BPP

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


]

]

]

]


]


]

3
L
#@T+#`P


]





]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F

]


3(Y+#DV-BPP






]
T1N=6UP/C$R
RPU-3
L


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]


C
U+#`P
#QS

]


]



#`P/'-P


]

]


]


]

]
T1R

]


M
2PP



#`P

]



@

]
T1N


M
3`V+#4Q.2PP


M
S4L



T1T;W`^1G5N9&5D

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#`V

S$L

M







]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





3$L
#DW+#`P


]

]

]

2PP-C@L



]
T1N=6T^*#




T1T;W`^




]



M

]




]
T1N=6UP/C
R+#`P



]










#`L
#`P


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T

3(U+#DS.2PP
M



#QS

]




]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]



#`P/'-P86X^


]

]


]



]


]


]

]


]





]


]


]

]

]
T1T97AT


RPP




]





RPY







]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


M96-L87-S:69I8V%T:6]N(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

RPQ.#0L


M;7`^
2PV-C@L




]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#@V.2PP
M

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#$T-2PP
#`I/'-P


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@







]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]


]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D





2PQ-CDL



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


M:7-C86P@
C`Q


]



]








]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]

]


RXY

]

]
T1P

]




]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]






T1T;W`^1&ES8V]U;G0@

]
T1N=6UP/C
N.38E/'-P




]

]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]
T1N=6UP




]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


#`N



]

]
T1R


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*





]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]



]




#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1F


]


]



T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C8L-C@Q+#`P



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG





]
T1T


M

]


M.2PX
#`L


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]



]





RPQ-#DL
#`P


RPQ
#`L


L($QE=F5L



]




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F

]





]





]



]


]






]




]
T1T97AT



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]








]


]




]

]




]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]
T1F;CX\

]

]

S`E


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1FEX960@26YC;VUE+!




]




]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]





]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#(U-2PP







]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]




]






30L
#8T+#`P


]




]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]
M



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]




M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1FEX960@26YC;VUE+!


L($QE=F5L(#
@6TUE;6)E



]
M




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]




]
T1N=6UP/C`\





]




]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]
M


]
T1T97AT



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]








]

]
T1T



]

]





T1T;W`^1F%I



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]


]
T1F;CX\


]





M


]






]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]



M
#(X+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#DY-RPP
M



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
M








]




M;G!U='


]



]




]

]


2PX.3$L
#`P/'-P





M9VX]
T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97
L($1O;65S=&EC(%M-96UB97)=



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]


]
T1F;CX\


]





M9VX]
T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97
L($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@6TUE



]




]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]






]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#
Q
RPP





2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]



]





3DL-34Q+#`P
#QS

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*







]






]
T1N=6UP/CDX



T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R
M:71I97

M;G!U='
L($QE=F5L(#


]



]




]

]




]






]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]

]
M




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]

]
M

]





]
T1F;CX\


]

]



]

]




]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





2PR-30L




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S@V+#`P



]
T1F





]




]

]


]

BPP


UTL

M1&YU;7`^-S`U+#`P





T1T;W`^3W1H97(@375L=&EE;7!L;WEE

]
T1T



]

]

]




]


]

]


3$S+#`P
#QS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP.#
L
#`P/'-P86X^









]






]
M




]
T1F






]
T1T





]


M:70@4&QA;BP@5&%R9V5T(%!L86X@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*


]


]
M



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]



]




]
T1T97AT



M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]

]



]

]
T1R



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



]




]
M

]

]
M



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]



]




]
T1T97AT




M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@


C@L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M8F5RPJ`R
M.2P@
C`Q





M(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G


S$L
M(#(P








M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U
M-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

O4VAE970X-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@
M*$1E=&%I;'











]

]

]


]

]


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1T

]

]

]

]
M

T0Q
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\



CY$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$R/&)R/E531`H


]
T1T:#Y$96

C`Q
SQB



C@L(#(P
3

CDL(#(P

S$L(#(P


C@L(#(P
3




#$S/&)R/DYA='5R86P@1V%S

@6TUE;6)E

]
T1T
M:#Y$96



#$S

C`Q


C@L(#(P
3



CDL
M(#(P


C@L(#(P
3




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
C`Q


M;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


C@L(#(P
3





@2&5D9VEN

M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L


M)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@
M
C`Q

@86YD(&9U='5R97



M/&)R/D%C8W)U960@17AP96YS97

]
T1T:#Y$96





CDL(#(P







C`Q








M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^



]

M


T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^0V%S




]





M:79A=&EV97



]

]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T


&%C.R`Q+#`P


]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]




]



]




]
T1T




]





]
T1N=6UP/C$N



]




]





]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
M




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]




]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]
T1N=6UP/C$R/'-P


]



]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




3(@;6]N=&AS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M;7`^
BPT
#`L


]
T1F;CX\+W1D



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]


]
T1F



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


;W-S




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]


T1T;W`^07-S970@1&5R:79A=&EV97
@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N
M=6UP/C4P
2PP




C(Q+#`P




]


3(P+#`P


]
T1T97AT




]


38L



#`\




]


RPP


#0L




]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


M+#`P

]




]




]




]


#`L
M


]
M




]



]



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



M
RPP



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$R
RPP





]




]




]



3$Y+#`P
M


]



]



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



;W-S*2!296-O9VYI



]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





#`P/'-P86X^


]
T1R



]
T1N=6UP/C4L-3(W+#`P


2PU




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]
T1N=6T^*#$L
C8W+#`P
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4L-#@V+#`P





M871I=F5S+!);F5F9F5C=&EV92!0;W)T:6]N(&%N9!!;6]U;G0@17AC;'5D






]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]




]
T1N

M9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#`P




34Y+#`P


T1T


]
M


]
T1N=6T^
M*#
P


]


M-#@L

M1&YU;3XH-C(X+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
Q-RPP
#`\



]
T1T




]





]






]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

I(&]N($1E



3`P+#`P



]






]


M
BPP


C
L




]





]





]




]
T1T



]

]
T1R

]
M


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T






]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



M1&EN;F5R1F]O=&YO=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^6S%=
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0U,2!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M06UO=6YT(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@86-C=6UU;&%T960@3T-)(AE9F9E8W1I


@86-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H97(@



C@L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M8F5RPJ`R.2P@
C`Q
BP@








@86YD(&YA='5R
M86P@9V%S('-W87!S(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92\H97AP


S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
S
&9F93)B7V9C
6-?-&)A





]
M




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1R


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C



]

SQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0L($9A:7(@5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C(W-2PP


]
T1N=6UP/C(W
M-2PP
#











T1T;W`^07-S971S


]



]



:6%B




]




]




]
T1R



\+W1D


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M-S4L








]



:6YE($ET96US73PO


T1T;W`^1&5R



]





M
T1T;W`^3&EA8FEL:71I97


S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?
M.#4W.%\P

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


^

C@L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^8W5S=&]M97(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q





]


]


M;7`^



]



]
M





]



S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C
M7S1B835?.#4W.%\P



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96



C`Q


#0L(#(P
M



#$S/&)R/E1I97)R82!-87AU



]



T1T;W`^4F5S
M97)V97



W+#`P



T1T;W`^26YS=7)A;F-E(%-E


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
S`P+#`P




]




]







M97AT4&%R=%\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P-S`-






M(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$
CY$96
N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/G-E9VUE;G0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@

C`Q
SQB

CY*


S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]

#$S/&)R/G-E9VUE

M1#(^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

CY$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


M:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]




]



]

]
T1R;SX-

]
M




]


]
T1F;CX\


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#(S+#4Y





M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

C0Y/'-P





]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P








]
M


]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]



]
T1T




]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




]
T1T





]

]
T1T





T1T;W`^0FEO4'5R(%1R86YS86-T:6]N(%M-96UB97)=


]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






T1T;W`^




]
T1T




]





]




]





T1T;W`^4F5N9&5R:6YG
M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

]
T1T97AT






M9VX]




]



]




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]







2PT
#8L






]




]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]


]




]



]

]



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]

]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
M



M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5N9&5R:6YG(%M-96UB
M97)=('P@4')O=&5I;B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

]



]




]





]



]





T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S


]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

T0Q

T1T;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^26YC;'5D

30N
B!M:6QL:6]N

M5')A;G-A8W1I;VXL(%)O=&AS87D@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@86YD('1H92!624].






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R
M8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P




M97%U:78]


]







C`Q



S`L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M

]




T1T;W`^/'-T




]
T1T97AT



]
M






]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#0U+#0R


]
T1N



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]



]


S(L-#`U/'-P86X^

C@L.#`R

M


M1&YU;7`^
S8L






]
T1N=6UP/C$S

M='

]
T1F;CX\+W1D





]




]


]

]



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C@U+#
W

]



]



]

]
T1T97AT


M;7`^
3$X+#


3$U+#0Q




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1O;65S=&EC/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]











]





]


\+W1D




]





#`T/'-P86X^






]





]

M;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]



]



]

]
T1R


]


]


M



]

]





]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M4U1!5$53/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]







M




]





]





]





]
T1T



M



]
M




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]




]


]


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]
T1T



]



]

]



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1N
M=6UP/C@L



]


]
T1F;CX\


]




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]


]
T1T97AT





]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]



]
M




]





]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M

]
T1F;CX\


]



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C@P
M+#0X

]


]
T1N=6UP/C8V+#0Q




]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D



]









]



]




M:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]




]



]

]
T1R93X-


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]


]










]
T1T97AT



]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1T




M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

M97



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
T1P

]


]
T1F;CX\


]




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]


]
T1T97AT





]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]


3
X+#8R

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

]
T1N=6T^



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3DR+#DV
CQS

]


]
T1N=6UP


]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]
T1T



]
T1F


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]


RPU
M


2PP
#

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]



]



]

]
T1R




]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1T



]

]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&YE=!I;F-O;64@87)E(0P+C@@

M87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
3



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T
M

O4VAE970Y
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



M(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$
CY$96
N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

CDL
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R
M.2P@
C`Q


C`Q


]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
M




T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]




C(\



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PW


]

]




#(\



]
T1N


]

]


S$L-S0Q/'-P

S$S

]

]
T1N=6UP/C0U+#`R








]
T1N
M=6UP/C(W

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DYE=!I;F-O;64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#0Y





]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#$W
CQS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(X+#4W






]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]




]

M
C













]





]






]

;W-S*2P@56YR96%L:7IE9#PO=&0^



]
T1T



]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#4Q



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]





]


@06-Q=6ES:71I


]



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30L

P



]

]
T1T




]

34^/]T9#X-B`@



@;6EL


C`Q
R!A;F0@)#$T+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!T:&4@9F]U






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5/-$)'/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

CDL(#(P





M:6]N(%M


]


\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
S`P+#`P

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^06-C;W5N=',@4F5C96EV86)L92P@4F5L871E9!087)T:65S

M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^
S`P+#`P

]
T1P

@16QI;6EN871E


T1T;W`^
M1&5F97)R960@4F5V96YU92P@061D:71I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

#`L



]


]
T1R




]




]



]


]





]


]














96%S92!497)M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG





]
T1R







]



96%S92!T97)M+!296YE=V%L($]P=&EO;BP@3G5M
M8F5R($]F($%D9&ET:6]N86P@5&5R;7,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



96%S92!T97)M+!296YE=V%L($]P=&EO;BP@061D
M:71I;VYA;!497)M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
M





96%S92!497)M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#XG




96%S92!497)M($]F($EN:71I86P@4F5N







]




T1T




M(%1R86YS86-T:6]N(%M


]






]
T1T





M9VX]



]









]




]




]
M





M86QI9VX]


S
P9F9E
F)?
M9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
#$T9F1F96
T

O4VAE970Y


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y$96


]
T1T97AT






]
T1N=6UP/C$P









T1T;W`^06YN=6%L(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4\+W1D




;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P



]




@;W1H


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

#$L(#(P



]









]
T1N=6UP/C
U

]
T1T






3



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



T1T;W`^


]




]

\+W1D

]





]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3(W+#4P





]



]




]



S
W+#0P
CQS




T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!U;F-O;G-O;&ED871E9!S

34L
M




]





]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-34R+#0Q


G($51

]
T1T97AT



]








]

M97


]
T1N=6UP/C$W-BPX



]
T1R;SX-


]


M=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$








]



]



BPT


C`L




RPR-#0L
3



]
T1R:#X-



T1T;W`^



]


\+W1D

]






]

]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]





]





]
M




]


]


]



]



]
T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C$W
BPU
S


3
Q/'-P



]


]







]
T1R;SX-





T1T;W`^3W1H97(@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@





RPS.#$L

M;7`^
2PX
S4L



]




]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P
#QS


T1T
M;W`^06-C;W5N='


]


M8W)U960@97AP96YS97

]
M








]




#`P/'-P



]


]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#
X

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R
RPX






M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

V



]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I
M97


X




]



T1T




]


\


]
T1N=6UP



]




]
T1R


M9VX]




]





]




]





S`L
S




]



S4V




L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C
R
BPV

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]

]
M




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C(L



]








]



]


M9VX]


C`L




]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@


2PU
M






]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0L(&YE=!O9B!C=7)R96YT('!O

]





]



]




2PU





]



]
T1T97AT


]
T1N=6UP/C(L

SQS

]
M





]




]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]








]



]
M




]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C@L




]

]



T1T;W`^3W1H

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L






]


]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
L
#


]








M1&YU;7`^
3




L(&YE=#PO=&0^

]
T1N=6UP/C(W



C4U+#4S
SQS

]
T1T97AT





T1T
M;W`^3W1H97(@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

U



]








]



]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#DS.3QS

]
T1T97AT









L.#(T/'-P86X^




]



]


M;VYC=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



]





]






]
T1N=6UP/C8V+#`V.3QS



]




]






M


]
M




]

]




T1T;W`^26YV96YT
M;W)I97

]









T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@:6YC;VUE('1A




T1T;W`^5&]T

]
T1N



T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='

M:6%R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#(P
RPY

M;3XH







]




]



]
T1P

]








T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#`P

2PW.3(L-3






]



]










]


]
M
T1N=6T^*#
T


]


]
M




]


]



]

]



]

]
M





]

]
M






BPU



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P-S`O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]

]


C`Q
SQB

CY3

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/DIU;BX@
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

\

]


C4L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#0U+#0R


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

2PT



]



]



]







]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C8Q+#$P


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C8X
M+#(R

]

M96YS97



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$U
2PW
3


S8L
3




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]
T1T97AT





]



]



]



]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#@S+#(V



]





]


]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C4R+#4Q




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]



]
T1N=6T^*#
W+#$V


@*&QO



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92\H97AP96YS92DL(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@

]




]



#QS


M

]
T1T



]


]



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#8V

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4W



]




]



]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]





]
T1N=6UP/C4R+#@R


]
T1N=6UP/C4Y+#
P-SQS

]
T1N






]


]
T1T97AT









]



]


S(L-#`U

M

M1&YU;7`^



S8L









]
M




]






]




]



]




]




]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]


]








]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]









]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(S
M+#4T

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@8V]S='


]




]


]
T1T97AT



]

]
M



S




]


]




]


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]






]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]


]


RPS-S


BPU
S
I/'-P86X^



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]
T1T97AT


M;7`^


]


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]


M9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97



]
M



]


M97
@*&)E;F5F:70I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]

]
T1T






]



]





M

]

]
T1T97AT



]



]




]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]
T1T97AT




]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]



]
M





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
M




]





]
T1T97AT



]

]
M



3




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]





]




]






M


]






]





]
T1R

]




]

]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^



M97


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]



]


]



]
T1R

M:61I87)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]





M
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@:6X@:6YV97-T;65N='



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]



]
M


]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D



]


S4Q/'-P86X^


M.#DL

]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]



]


M86YT;W)S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
M




T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]
T1F;CX\+W1D




]



]








]




]


]




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]



]




T1T;W`^4V5L;&EN9RP@


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]







]
T1F;CX\


]




T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@
M8V]S='



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]




]



RPY






]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]



]
T1N=6UP/C4R





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#0R


M;7`^

]



]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]




]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D



]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#8V
BD\

M+#4W



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]



#QS


]

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

2PV


M

M1&YU;3XH
2PP


@*&)E;F5F:70I/]T9#X-B`@


]



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S.#4I/'-P

]


]


]
T1T97AT



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V







]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]




M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#@L






]





]



]




]

]
T1T


M1&YU;3XH
C(X+#


]
T1N=6T^*#$Y
2PP.#



]




]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]




]




]
T1P

]



]


]





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8V]S='
@



]

]
T1T





M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.3$L






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP




]





]





]


]



]




]
T1T



]




]



]



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^
M16%R;FEN9W
@:6X@:6YV97-T;65N='


]



]





]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1T




]
T1N=6T^*#$Q.2PY-3

30U+#DU

]



]
T1T97AT



]
M



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

]



]





30U+#DU
M



]

M/3-$

M;VYD('%U87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
3


S
P9F9E
F)?9F
Q8U\T8F$U7S@U-SA?
M
#$T9F1F96
T

Z+S
S
M
&9F93)B7V9C


'0O:'1M



]






C`Q



S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C(L-#DS


]
M





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8L
C(U








]





]




]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6T^
M*#$L


]




]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C$L






]
M


]




S`L
S0U/'-P

34Y
M+#4P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^3F%T=7)A;!'87


]
T1T



]





]

M=7-T;65N='




]







]




]


M(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]

]
T1T








]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^


]






]








]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1F;CX\



]
M



3



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT



]

]
M







]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`V


]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#$T




]



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#DQ




]






]


C4L

3
P+#


]
T1R

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D



]






]




]


]
T1N=6T^*#0X


M3W!T:6]N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
M






]




]




]





]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]



]






]





]





]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
M




T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!C=7)R

]
T1F




]




]


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]







]






]





]




]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]



]
T1N




]




]



]
T1P



]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]





]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]



M861J=7-T;65N='



]
T1T97AT



]
M




M92!3=V%P(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
M






]




]




]
T1R:#X-


]




]



]
T1P

]



]


]

BPQ

2PS-C@I/'-P86X^

T*3QS

]

]
T1T97AT



]




]

]



]

]
T1T97AT




M1&YU;7`^

]


]


]
T1F;CX\


]


30L-#(R*3QS





]





]
T1N=6T^*#$L






]



]



]
T1R

]
T1T



]


]







]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


]
M



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]




]





]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T


]




]



]


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


3$Y+#DU


]


]



]



]


\+W1D




]




]




]
T1T97AT



]



]




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#4L
M





]





]




]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






]
T1F;CX\+W1D




]





T1T;W`^16QI;6EN871I;VYS(%M-96UB97)=


]
T1F



]






T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!A9&IU

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]
T1T97AT





@:6X@

#$S+`D.XS(&UI;&QI
M;VX@:6X@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@8V]S='
@:6X@=&AE('1H:7)D('%U87)T97(@
M;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
@86YD(0Q-XR(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@=&AE(&9O=7)T


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\S
S!F9F4R8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P
31F9&9E8S0P-S`O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]

C`Q

CY$96

T0R
M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



]





M(#$S

]


]
T1N=6UP




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]
T1F;CX\



@9G)O;2!I;G9E




]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


34S



]


]


]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!U;F-O;G-O;&ED871E9!S=6)S:61I87)Y/]T9#X-


]


]




]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*




3QS

]
T1N=6UP/C0L


]

]

@86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN
M=&%N9VEB;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#0R
M

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]


]
T1N=6T^*#@Y-2PT
C4I/'-P





@9G)O;2!F:6YA;F-I



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]



]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Y
RPR



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


M

]
T1N=6T^*#(Y
2PP
#`I/'-P86X^




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



#QS

]
T1N=6T^*#




]





T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'



]

]


]

]


]

]


]


]

3




]
T1N=6T^*#4L
3

]
M






M;7`^
3DL-S



#
L



3DL





]
T1N=6UP/C


M9VX]
T1T;W`^27-S=65R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]



]








]

]
T1R;SX-



]



3
U+#


]
T1N


M





\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M;7`^


T1T;W`^/'-T




]



M;G5M/B@T-2PQ-S


]
T1F


]

]
T1N

M9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#`P





C
L
S



T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4F5C96EV86)L97
@1G)O



]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C(L




]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L


]


]

M;W5T97
@86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#0R

M;G5M/B@Q


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]
M
T1N=6T^*#8T-2PR-S

]
M




]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]


]





C0U+#`P


]


S$L





M=VEN9W
@1G)O;2!!9F9I;&EA=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

]



]
T1F;CX\


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

L


]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]

]

RPR.#DI/'-P









]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C4R/'-P



]

M:6X@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q

M-#


T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]F


]










MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

]
T1N=6UP/C@U-RPR


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@










]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P-RPS

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

C$L


]

]




]
T1N=6UP



M=&EN9R!C87-H(&9L;W=S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]
T1F;CX\

S(I/'-P86X^






]

]
M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

38I


]






]




]




]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S@W/'-P86X^





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]






]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



T1T;W`^3F5T



M1&YU;3XH


T1T;W`^

Z



]




T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='
@;VX@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E

]

]


]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]



]
T1T97AT



M86X@8V]S='






T1T;W`^
M27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]

M+#4U

]







]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]




]
T1N=6T^*#



]





]


]

M:79A;&5N='

]
T1F;CX\+W1D


RPW



]



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
M


]

]
T1P

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]




]






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@






]
T1N=6T^*#$L


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]

]
M

\+W1D/@T*

]

M;G

]





C
L


T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4F5C96EV86)L97
@
M1G)O;2!!9F9I;&EA=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]



]


]

]
T1N



]

]

@86YD(&]T:&5R



]


]




]








M9VX]
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]


]
M







]






M




M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]

2PT


]


]



]




]


]

M9'


M1&YU;7`^


T1T;W`^17AC97-S




]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





3




C
L
S


M=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#$S




M


]

]
M

2PY-38\




@



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]



]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]


M97



30U+#DU


M86QI9VX]

\+W1D/@T*


#QS


M9&5D(&)Y(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

]
T1F;CX\


]




]




]


L



]



]
T1F;CX\

]

]

]
T1P



]





M;7`^

]







T1T
M;W`^4&%Y;65N='




]



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

RPS




]





]





]

]
T1R



]






M86QI9VX]

\+W1D/@T*


]

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]

]


M

]




C
L
S



T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!W:71H:&]L9&EN9R!T


]








]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

M86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]




]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]


]


]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]





]


T1T;W`^17AC;'5D97



M;F0@=&AE(%)O=&AS87D@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
@;V8@


M8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!I;B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q


S!F9F4R
M8E]F8S%C7S1B835?.#4W.%\P

Z

M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C0N:'1M

T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S8N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
M-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE

T0B4VAE970V
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$

M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z


M
T0B4VAE970X
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@U

M9CTS1)3:&5E=#@X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
M.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3`N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DQ+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Y,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M.3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DT+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#DW+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3DN:'1M;(O/@T*/]X;6P^#0HM

S
&9F93)B7V9C

+9F5C-#`W

 'defref_dar_AccruedExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_ContingenciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_GeneralLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NumberOfProcessingAndTransferFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NumberOfWeeksOfContributionInYearEndResultsFromAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NumberOfWeeksYearToDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_InvestmentsClassifiedAsCashEquivalentsOriginalMaturity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LongLivedAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_GoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_OptionSharesInMoneyAndDilutiveEffectOfNonVestedStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_ProFormaTreasuryShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_AntidilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_FinancialInstrumentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossUnrealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LossGainOnDisposalOfPropertyPlantEquipmentAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_IncreaseDecreaseInLongTermPensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossUnrealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_IncreaseDecreaseInInventoriesAndPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_GrossProceedsFromDisposalOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_MinimumWithholdingTaxesPaidOnStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_CashPaidDuringPeriodForAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NewAccountingPronoucementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_IntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfOperatingProfitLossFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfAssetsFromSegmentToConsolidatedTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_ScheduleOfPropertyPlanAndEquipmentBySegmentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_ScheduleOfDebtRedemptionPricesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_RelatedPartySalesEliminated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseMinimumRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTermRenewalOptionNumberOfAdditionalTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTermRenewalOptionAdditionalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseMinimumRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTermRenewalOptionNumberOfAdditionalTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTermRenewalOptionAdditionalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseMinimumRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NumberOfPropertiesLeased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTermRenewalOptionNumberOfAdditionalTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTermRenewalOptionAdditionalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAccruedExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCapitalLeaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_EarningsInInvestmentsInSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NotesReceivablesFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_GrossProceedsFromDisposalOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_BorrowingsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_MinimumWithholdingTaxesPaidOnStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_EarningsInInvestmentsInSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NotesReceivablesFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_GrossProceedsFromDisposalOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_BorrowingsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_MinimumWithholdingTaxesPaidOnStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_EarningsInInvestmentsInSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NotesReceivablesFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_GrossProceedsFromDisposalOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_BorrowingsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_MinimumWithholdingTaxesPaidOnStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_EarningsInInvestmentsInSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NotesReceivablesFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_GrossProceedsFromDisposalOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_BorrowingsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_MinimumWithholdingTaxesPaidOnStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_EarningsInInvestmentsInSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NotesReceivablesFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_GrossProceedsFromDisposalOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_BorrowingsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_MinimumWithholdingTaxesPaidOnStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_JointVenturePotentialBarrelsOfFuelPerDay'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_LineOfCreditFacilityTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_DarlingstotalcontributionsforconstructingandfundingJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_StockholdersEquityAndStockBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_EmployeeBenefitPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NumberOfPropertiesLeased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NumberOfPropertiesLeased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NumberOfPropertiesLeased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_AccruedExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossUnrealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dar_NumberOfBusinessSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'

3
Q
C(X+GAM



MZX__KU1^M`9W1QVFF%-
C:
VQ\C`ZM$;




F
]G%%%W

M@RCOKX34\O4+TK&;W-0K8X1F7HX1TE^LU
Z+F*9!L?CI3]Q

MK)/I3!/%/+&_8S.M




M\=]%[?1SL_K'231S]+
Z'DM/XCUV7JBB&.\SC2C$L

MX_BK4

MM[Y2;!K3:64O#%Y4JJ+-:Z1AT



87@@DK$1(NQ41#Y6UT.=LS-%4?J'8






3DN-F3;Z
GU7:D4M2]B
M3U..)]6R&T\2Q/[SU-D#
;L()ZKU7&G1LM6N/9F%6YCB$3%DLZG[AGS;OA4]
MG+]HH2?OI*4M$].QPU@Y]Q=W%@Z4&TY&(T+UCGA%L2JGHSAY
0U'GP6-)E:#

M=`@N4[32A

JO`PA

M

`FZ[6QWJKU*U%M+$:!N`

$.0&4+4&!D&`7









M8/1W;W8CKVY(.
:R0SA6#
<
M2+UC=/R$^=0[A[;/91

5M@CKF_S)7[CK+F*X4GZ;1+?F__PUA(3-

M@(N\
.T6RZ:':PT:OY(LJ@_U=1P;V1/WMUC8\+46_J*[?T]

R8O^AJP+?3D#H.D


MU%/-T-E9


@+C:=YK]=:M_EX6+(\CW#`L([?*GEU`8^/4X#/?BFYKI


X%GRI=G
M&D+8=


K=D#PO^]$!'@.<!S+/

\1]!Q!

M
KTM/W&UF=T`1M09+2'B(YU1A*K\.Z


9G
M(CW_6)J`T-M!KWN
.:)VI8YW:2N))TO&UA-8:CI+/?MX2W6?!O`93A!?:
W!


M9QI1D6SONQJ9$FK]M:!WSPA1+R.B!H_?3Y05B-D%


=I&XC_
M..+=1-;L
M8-.:L
W&?+O9LJ7N=`_UKTWYA(WH'.N!QK(BI!W)N;+16U7(









@.CDIC0
MCP6^^X`-%R8Y+-'!.AE3ZP?YHXDT
IK+4S4##!5U)6D^K'D;5H+'G6X#RR[E

3EM

)K*AP?CKE+I``A;(*S/F6HJ
M1H\/
7\E2N!V960LQS=[2U#6TW^5NJ!**DH5=%'A^)TXER'[HEDP@P3J_.
MGJ&P8H'C]3D6+PQ


MA7G!CSY:8_`G*9PL@$G)1F:A''S&GQS]3B
\9%RE(3XQ^C%9(6J-F0&G?Q
M4_=])FKB




IOGU]0[E2*RS718GOMK]@L34.UCP@@7?
3HV
)]V\(NQ



M[X?2M=W1:K=_

MFZ8N&4^BW4XPW)T:[J*FP6H/W6J[]LEB.+3YWYLF12*[W!1
D8H*?Z*:1&.9
MN
Z
::*\0

RXLU_NLO8+*LFS+I(L]CY\U

#'U`5:S5ZOQYL3(.U;M74E^

M-`B[,0:OC&3:_-FM?;G$+W*#6ME'MA)$!:8V0DS_N9/N20IYSOT3N9FE-@


9R;R^''8OEREH@
M$EMA*Y@((Q@CK6M)%3F-G.I


6O^R$%[Z







9@



9H7#
U?YV:]'





0$<1723NB9&1Z^T'$
M)4_

M.JA7+V'LQSN:1]Z4)?:
I6


/1[!S$(DMRE+):W.HR1V3(=NPT^:W=/R%&W





K;
M&WVC







2^T^^:0;[4*AJ[$=A/\K%W(5]J2M)



M

QK/
RKB)VV6G81+



M()XH'GUW'Z0Z.WM-15[V\S*:
_J2RGLM/686*9D&Q@K?8&FW$TG93\ID`1$E


D4\$B&64@5N5VF/EKW+?X?.]


M])JE@0=0
Q[?LR5D-^_ZJP5_0B(/


ZV$4OHG#*7][74IOY1
;4\(M!JZ[G4

BTGZ(FE

M.;H


M&M/'5'[?7#[@@HT6YA

MZ.]]\'7Y^K:093^A&K-3?GMSV(N[Z0%Q1R6^48GFS-&[U.R%5/V0/:+4=6V\










^:I\QN\=+`^WR^VR7SD8\/'D^Z=4A4:%EM6(PT;



'`_
_[^4+PI0_#

WWE5(`
HMNL'.Z5K`/<


U!GR^X*P6_5X4I?/4WBWKS_?(
M7OQ/*I7[78U67Y1&.3LY`]DIW/4(ZA.AS$Q)W`D^+U:NC


M:O8&3\`8%#'=@%LBF!DG#`*#9J.#9^%9`)&I6(63#QHL]HRW_[^]P5B^9W



M)6BD(+;=5S.#ZV:T-V.U95/S!6U[;`TJ\CK-_==.I-*U'T8+6]!\


^W51E3^;VT/:)@F7PJ5X:[9\TN
M=V?@-?K[E`




M6N6Q/G'
R5UQXJC/9979



I6VVP3#\2[59_8N6.2GH7
M)14'

M3?OAPGRP.Q_@??/
8L4[VHD);CHYOGB3


M;?71^;H(G97K'ZTW1%]I%O5K+V7+BDFRE5LVO3D3H&
ZO=[#_!87(NMG9#T+


JV=#
F7@AI5Q7\VQ


M(-CEIQT6G-)&-[NC@\JX@#(^H#*N6!D?4!D74\9OJ(PK5L9OJ(P]RMA:2!`X
MRPV^0'*ZD(/%^$5AQ(H\







M5


@^J*LDOJAKO
1N?(9[J


MIF]JMH8;^?5SS\D8EL!2F(!8T@CNQQ._(=AC=K@\3)0Y4TYWNGE$DK]2065

M3\'7..?O5JT
-=KV3*`GLC('S([4#
3Z;\?S?'OP]QCM-0M2F@5DE$V!111D
MONAM]%J\7(P5W#.9L(BN&5+*C@SYI+$5$Y4T:D=97D@YC@*YW$YUW9G:*K


MLQ
1A;D8?]OV@40SRDLRNT`J+%?B3$MOT*




8X3'H49M#-]]+9PG3(_FZ8/Q^
/6C@^


MYA.\OKP5B.JI*)V*QC:L0/\DOX+RODL:QJE(0!;D`81]TX:A'!IDU)X\JI
MG4!UD\_/79KYABL6ATG*]^/I;Y1@RN!%O8#$\_8O?HXS/-T?9PMN]GQ
J2FB





K:*?U-#J(?PPY)#C'Z`A#KT=`;W0L8'?U$:T97
M[5TSARU+)Q=F<)WY(;)9)K6'

U.AJPMNDG#KW[.QV^K=2678?:E[38@]]OP#D\4PO..4_#X




TR^!
#[P

5!

%EUOGT`9Q5SSQ^&
M45A;.7IU'\:W$63Q()+JR\8\;T=TN2IB??EJV##Y)Y#2IW.XTZ&AFC*Z/*J;

M



M;-4&VOVP?&2M]GGD@;2MH_UQFNU/D\+.]H?S1Y:JX^+-`%=Y0^0G/@9SHZ



OUVDV38#KL
I7RB;5:SWBHZY1(

M[2W6NG-8G/!#W+LZ?$K$RSTV&ZV^K?']I/3N&?O2Y1GX]\_32Y49FD-^]1*.


M\:VJA[=`UDM3B._=I



MA&O@$?GR(2D+




M
]Q;O0BR



Q65_?Q7


M:A:;_+@(3P^UP%B&FU)II4DO!)H@S(91DK$J*HZ2)(^3G



M9U#N
ZY9QCW&AQB#3]1X)0?*2#,SQ00BD,%NE]`*6'*6KU34=:+2G;\Q1S
MNC+A5'B?)


^/.I`K
2Y1A1]QC#N%M

$/%X4?H&`C!XP
MYKZ'N\(BKPE3X:L?37EV@V)\2F389H0D\



8#

';PA6#](P'+J(
2O_&*R-X.GJ8QZ\)/X0J1T*?3N^J$
YM
M%P218D^@M)(2S*WV*CSR7Z&YQ7UT[(Z.3V746#LO5[H`I
\Q9&?);0SM!L*U
















*(=H.
+F.0C5B







MX'8-6V_F-1)MKRQ?FLNU$&M+KDR@YB*R!?]039(*91+/E1R[672)BJ:VIZKK

[^X:
EZJ'_#!1/XZ5].Z(^3.'B?
A8[

?H^&OR5AG/\)74Y3UB(HI3[$XA'9L4P;/#@U19D05;6H8TBJ


1APAD^EHCU]@\P=L(0)8+B:)J4@_^I:9+90I%
M*(Z=6+(IFY+9Y%747YO552*0YD$B*%+)=0W3=EQ;4Q6K&`CSH-!1&ZY&5XC:









M9#=97\/$/;6E0F'I0M@6BNO.`$/R$^(\XONZHAFI&:4/2]QE5+X;3+=.;')
MZX]:]!/PYYG5


\.';].$J(#T!Z_$N!COOE23@D`%*@9)(315!1CZ^

NS=W[/_&PQ=+RN*^:#619K#

^O.DN8%.*+5(&T02K







MN$H1;VT1AB-)NX0H$K6KN0$YR\#*0?67HI.
AB01G`PF2


M&CO'K1561.JFUG/2.UF5A+YJO`[H$&JI'11:QN,CPJL4BI-I;TI=C73_S7*
ME.6UH]83;H*)+G!GN:85?K++2H


M&LM:V=2EAD[T[08:;FQBB'O%:
6NSM1##)J&H.G&;/2
LA3=-Q@%(E*F
6X5R]<VZ+S@9D&*644*--


_6:U]'









!S?#IG2C91Q6W


%S$V2
16YX!1
MFFP@'`7X
\(Q$=ECXU6YJ'Z52K2;CMM+=Q[NA.#44@42B7@9I*A



)
M$M)-
)CZ3$?*/+55#ZZ4RU03'1J1A8ITFX4UJ8T41H%SI[GAX+G`\3.\TD9&


U#X-)D)&H-@J9)(L*QM#@6#:)%4WP=)6S=5
MC\QB[QC%C'



M0XW`&'Z94&1H/:


RZPS+;ZG$JSX9-
M@X3DA$85H]8\30Y0=)+92T74]4MEA
@BZVC!0G99[V

M%]=WO^1?\M[





M]%:+9T#'I_O:.:&V%ZY)S;H#(\A&%#GWVCO-)UQ#:I[=#-?0K7!YH*QY9)J6
M

Z72O,516*FM2!F.M8

VR3A3%RS@*
#Y276H5GGL0M15N88R


MK7(+6MW'K6BGOVJE;D_9
/:ENV&AN\DH)N
MOP/0O=.-K_9QA'DS/\U3.479#.X()FF+/T^37H_\6IO9O0V3I^IJ+UG^(N\
U%3L?GDT.SQX-]U/7XO?=Z5J7P\%-&9;K

MV







MO#ICAS*




MK_=.7^+X_




_F@
M@3H;KMJTN?$RQ[++9ZVU1W#/O?!/(W-U!JCG;NVZ.VHOI
WY:;EF1^-]H;?Z




[\WA&@MZ'EO=CLWO\
O[_M7
MP[S331DW*_8(
0J[$KR76%NBJ
#&
0]_$




I0KL!8SAKO=10.8Z\()3*H7EH#G^*UTFQN
MW/Z$(H\+Q;R1/%BK.`D(

ZF%=MG6U*?09)A77

M48+7KP6@LWEB7WYP&-47\W=LTH3U$)ZDX1%;'%V4#/*'SBL4MJA/$5^_)H[+


6`_GM8B


U
M:
[&]5_5\%U:


;@&B8`CL6
M5X#+)@2LA%7]JZ)@^M^]8MN!&)R#/PG+^L\O!&43$7Q`$E1\$X8BL`.3!$+

M.)



MPV
6W$H(YL#BI%



M5T%EVC&G%G``%R!Q

M0-AEQ..%:L*:D1ZZ%\U

R!
M'\L$I)0Q0


\3U5LZ





VS_GU<B^B^&1@LR6:^Z=IPY)








F2A7GT
#133&JP6K#HAY/INTL3[4[*J[K:3)K

VS1QK3HMIFCQ:7

O

F+39J[+C6MBZ-&$W1OBZ\E@
MU$QF;?44T'9&.D,#<S[M`:^4LPO+<V$/SAH[Q6A?_OXY=W'7\-']RY\WAG!


M@R;P%Z`OP&I5+(XM@JMF+61:@+;PD.)DOFSQ*)U4/IHER0K`BW308%KU=0+7

MGFXNZQ8B03F95M=EFA&?/IO`HR^*[N\A=*[SLCV#)YZVS4468*Z5?Y\4EVTS

MQ/?VY40=%2D1^=86Y



94;JUOCTRO)BC-W3B\JJL1_GQ(
=M*W\ISIOK





'7]-5X



HEQ#`VRSP/SKYWB^IP_(*
M_,O?P=??=0[ZP,5'Q?5Y/3A/=3*`P5%',/J1&=,4F1'O
WETC3%I*K^3/%C


F+87D!$0\NO$P5=L%E4\J!Z9U^0R37&5QFB[$9^.!J5PFO&\3;'I
M-#TC^0($P!17YX7


2/1=L)A3B`@0.-QKVH@ZY<]8BTNU3ER_`:*


M!4A/`GH%?/\7A




Y@*8',?7$
M_6*^:5JDB4]T=4;6*N/D;1C!OWD+*J(1SYBX-T3!RKH:ZN6
5T.(V.F:1/R
M&[&P^532\179%*J0!3:BBVYE76`IB(L=L1L8#[]4SY0^M)P/)X2I!ADS%W^#

M\`3R\MR$D;7D.4D*A-$#27P4B7D*9`
?^)


,')8]?RH4#+A

F1*UM
MT)!_!1%5C?\AHROH(



4$F8YJO-`/PW4PA4D`'$@;DO^)7#S8I.
ML*QS&'UA42F!N?G+8:5=U-
6Y%%
2D:R4RVJ`K&B('?]%D+7FA+*&^&OU?R6








M=1]AS=[1G@P
Z'
V?U=GM8/$[3LXP#1-6;)UT9-U!^,;DN:6&X,-UVUV0!




MJFX

M!:37!O'5UTV\%`WML
T*-CHBS&?:9E%R#-641$\%L^SHCFRA
C
B*2#935E6

^98LW3D*%:

MB2X`W-OMRVE9IJ
0B$VQ48?E+80DHK\BK2O`9\OI$\H?M4ZL)+]K_0&HIB
M3XJ?UW[0B_)T<VVWL_9%GOM?
$W$YKJTE)SD-9P^_/9OROE2TAJ5HYD&J

XL3&
8R:]P



GG^HLCTM!@4;THBY?DP3_6#\[HMJY9L%@4U_QR!7$Q











4/PAURNN5\=[
Y4[
YX*O$@JL(DX6\D'MK&!Y145U&#G

<:E'WK88P<Y$*V3+M#N:RP`DRL6

MBW5HBB[0XH6'?]S:CTZU)K+2?BG+&


GTHQVT7MUW<=ETE1E3`[54F,U!
M&:,8M4,9H?98^`]P%8(;S8.YX`2SX/X:`E=L3`4LGI0.7H5[I)
[;\_Z8X$

2U]X+

M#G^&%G*V67JW/C$T;Z+QGK1R.^^H4.9RV/+Z?7=2;X=$CWTI$/MSYJ8:NZ.+





MG+W/]SW7MCP#


MXX:0X&'L:3]&69`$:7:1S?)CE+GNB5?G^
/EA\L/EY\N^;P.0:]+;V2_\`[V




`0DO+@)4%*5
D
^O4-Q3O






SPW4Y9W
2M7
MX;B/:\J`-05A[C?&E*ED7-AEQTDDQ$NZ[Y37=%W4(G6&6;TUY5SBN

MX_J7].`U75V!M1-E*NO
%@UX#
ACP`$KYXBS*P[Y%B0*X/H]6'B325%+XY

MZRW76V92)T]E@Y=*\^(NML5=L_5:(J_HRGXF9W;PIM`\*\.S
@58U#SP_HX
MXN.J,F!505/$KJ?!4%Q'WW.4V]IS%]#'('DC._G:FM2SH=.


WGAT326X\V=4M


?0_O@U3X%#P*7^-[O^%O'\-Y=O=!E=':
M:H*:+_QE&GPH__AY6[775-7S7VOS@'8F-(](H5%JX!Y=7_XX:'LVS6-QJWKN




(EGAH2#/*[#`Y\;%CG4<)4@?EK2H^&);M@8D+1US



MHN9ZQ/5HK'IDL-N.P=6HETB:H3#Y[9ZZ^?J\VJ`[8;$[1##GV4K/PG]A;(
M4[XA\0CI4Z:8W=&WO`ALW
`;%/D&1;Y!<13H
M9QR!H#3%VL6


M\T%P=EY?^[LVCD48!6_O`LH#A
6?7A\1T1$(LVQ*&;HEROQBGZ&Z9B5GPM*
MZO.LEYMMLJ^A_=!*GP*'H6O\;T?_2P\1^*NB.\QG&=W'PSU&+'8%-3C+SXM

L::4?ZW2++QY8BK.W^^-!#



U)A0O4K7J5^-$_??.C/C'9+)FL/WKA)
M7&YVQB&?ZV^.B





M

5'GJI*^Z=7#2B^&YV$(#35U?;;D7,1Z:^(X*F(-XA;<+NCJ%K:7M+S%ND
M



M+S]BYMA1
CL69'I)DIN9K;-FAJC9!:ENEL:=0_7^PX$Z91W/B]QW(('#OOT`

M



.SEF/;

#G;_%BWK0PN+`P:]/XMNZ771/KMBY9L@O6T38-

MTZD

MZ9VWB!__(YC?!FD3=VS

V;/#KV_.MR+K:

LY%FJIWDFLNF$`Z!3#*4QX7+[








=I3[#*X5PM[


MQMC5%=OV1$^Q/


#Y$P7/%TD#_1LDU9TZKU

C@V56%%



U55LP#RP[2YR

5





XA;+=$`)BET
MV
_
B





M3(

6MZKDW


^.U

M6]/3P*U%M/
]2.Z%WV-_?X.R



M+


=7UEDZM'RY^[)YN
M]=AI#4NA]*

K&SO$V9?4E;7!2.:F3U6G



MYN713P5_N4SB'^$]D+%X.DV;#_1%*C!

M+0U



B&/N-K^^NH-T8`L

2@PO`_A

MAM$L7(*+\.\AU
P(QF0$


DI
MIMFIS;47ZY
M25UPUK[&08_^^<J3
/RRJ]Q=I?Z3]/RV33C!.3?!


K


`.&SOFOR0V_'L\XINA=
D^\
MS5L3C
*
?L?]N3=_0NUI-5%*G$W8;*

S&X?(/EC=)
MIWW*@'XF`P31QEB








M;^?Q]K&T[9Y,DOB(F&CV5!QGJ?E%#")R`=T6R69/`:C,U-TIMX&2T)Q`RZ
M,UD@O**X$J:)6!00*/#V/X&B`FTPP_,:#+K(2275B#N-E45H\G663-8RR`G6
MAX4,Q4N6B!!N&0L'A0#[J#'$)_R;UP
D&YB4^(?DWA%HQ@^9`PLS
_%9;$R
M$_X@ME7PTY`PUF!T#.;)(F';33]OLJR.BL&]X]+W!EY*I^;RM?


MG7!T&/X=!BS!M)A'^!.V$

44
MMTSBF.3V
4?(V


HS4!223*=)#UZ%'5%Q#0$
;1O
LDV/+JQ67(Q
MR04&QS1(BS`E6!+:L


?K3#S0W7L4





MS0C








MUSH2S=*K3@+FA04

M@

-[K/=






MV^-B::8RA*F\_)+U0SLO%+YZR`J='(.3*#N)LI
H.WQ1]G17\D7$F#@[T/=W



=?+3^J
I;P\QWN=-


MCC%T'/7EU_--2




M3S89=BR2^@.)#@C8O(!*B
-08(



M+'EC



.U_;Y:\0US;+.^?7MMT



V)'WM-

M

S-4XQU8.(VJ9M7U*Z$-6/99V\/F=!4

MSQ^2

MB72'-Q1*[:


M
2_`[E@3'I.`LQ/$4S=%[`


M`KW


M:U*D8DPFV0:&$





M8S?#$U3^DY4\.RVXL



AB@5/]^\?5B,,4D&,S*)B,WB9;E-_$F2UEF,$\E)&$^X<$B)&G<62;KJU$)
MS.$%$02^7W%]F%8'PT



MGX%

%BE&04([Y$F%
D4


5P`

M@W:P3AOX*X]ED5%\A5$M6
?KY))J^/!J%%TZ[:)I%QZL2_8ZG

M7ISD'F;RJHQP+Y&Q*BT\;O[Q@__IRY](0M$P+K%@2CJ;41P(Q_.G4?#IRV`U

MIVEZN\QIMM

M#:
)VGW5#IK2'8(FKP3



65
'WT


0




M1H6-^5O;2]N3YN@*MMPK&P:G@




I$DPEQ]8I7OV?2:9WD


AVO8N:NW=T+K:Q;4V:J/I








_1R)#&(O9$MI$)\O)CPF-Y!UJ:XR0X7]YXR3#2
MPB4CIG[@`)%DA._%.\JWM9*GGLCU9O`)RD9T#O)Z;_J.IS?CK%L&2MF:3(XT


$1TF][$$IML]E5-C5&UJ^4J@WMN053B)*A=;8')*)H
MO

1/BH87$3WB





MH%=1
BUCE9S%I)=/J0P
Y:$

MFW`'Z8;K=$Y5E'DP$X_U;Q!(PVJ^LV?1V1N&

.^=/H^

M@7)L5N/VRYC

5S?KUSL:F
\Z^LLW5Q=
MMPP*5D?DO7


F1A\FS9#X$^&)G@(







;WL^L7@`]#_H/'PMFI:4A$M

.P09E





4'N<-N!#?UY@*5TD)#%CW)1

MREJA[


_L^GQ8B#SY











WX')_#K[\G__W_QH
_DN^
MZ`
5U\81^)@'^15LO&CZ:?D/\#_1N/H6Z:2B0R/^!+/?GD7H+KYFPKZQ_H7
M?]_6/4+WMSNSON1Y/^:1MF_OL79XB


M$)V(YIW5WVMWRXM8N0U&
TV75T2'9]/K/,37O;Q@__IWO
.S3#DP4X?K^\
M
^HX=&S;49`&T0C(\=V

MQK87$
J[@1
M3W0[AIQW%




M1R%:1JB
;
LWO=!S`]W4-


MYH/%KX(5

4.QJ9I*8:N.*X#
MK'8R()]AWW;D


LS*K'E33Y]]V=3
MX?_K6K5R_D]:I2?'CH\F



53\
5$V5


M@4BO+Y+VO`31!S


WRKYC^
M


MD-9V:&GJV/!MS3/!9C24L:6.U'$'+O=%J?EAQM'S$+








.8UPB4?J6/']1VO


MRYQ*'GZ]CK+X
LKCJ9=EN$;XHOQCPKLF
-3.VEM.?T^7#+73C@KJQ'B
`M-1
M#-/0`L6%?S1;\Q04)'=W3%
QM(+[T1).IET.TK


M9[M]8/U

MN5B*JWBV$ABV;COA*%!-PQ
;8_E6@P@U2]/U_N:2++'@Z2C-U_FO5+Z_CND`






]O8]^%W:P'!O&;R#IF[8Q&H\<PQ###]Q1,]'<8%CGF_X









HL_1B/G




MK
V..A2!==
EW9?_S6974_O5S74KJCROPK
MRC'8$&-QZ-B&XG.4B[BHB%#N

M4`S^I-2^(@+OS=2Z\NE+K@Q4N2_:YT2F)%^*&(4A$9I2Q]4Q3NI%]GS':R]P
MC]&C+Z&VU%DVQ
A`^-U$'H?1@1<'@C6+$5,CD0#&Q268`V[G'EHAJ/:;:CL#\[=)G[SQ$H(F

EEQ`%X4IG6+L;O`
MSSBWINMS'3UOI7YC63V'@#FAF%N3%'FVV2VH#ZQ[[*8]V6U.XZ#D'R
7ERL!
M6(NNY@H.:A73/%PSG;K$*HC:KLV6OPOC^Z:4Q9J'R#J91%K79%!`^X)S%^N6



M5DJ9X+.1L#1`Q*%]+^ACL[Q'ECXC%&*
X!4)?+59A:%_.99^A[[&]96?KREY

MC]
_?M\9?0;MBV@%)8PU)ZU\Y`'%4

_EKR#LS;)JVRB7U5D`6@
MQ-*V26APPQ&5?CC

??KV9?II?

/13MSZ_'G9+#-2ASQW(.RQK&]
%20*$HEVH2H)Q




C\'#.PEJHY^T.0M`
SEP
M#@;+

MJ9@C)[N$0*(Y?759*^Q*JUL2=SBF1H;)!/
D`0?$K#!;%L]0!NV'&%8\9?
T

M8T35N!;%R:#AF$M(J3@UU$:K[=/RHFK^\&S


#06*++I:2('94``?D


MP=RZ*NWJ


\VU#


MK1YGX+3Z8..5Z;)0QLC4-:FD(&YT(6UE1562

V#9TMD=@%^F+[?

MV
7NF(=NM

K.8=G#Y'E%JX6VMAL5.`$3&U=S

MT'Y8_!P-]$.PY+K)N`WTO(WVL0JC


)L-24H*5D=<IMC[KP9V+.
MD


MU*AM&C>A!)+#()56G5+;\5;`G:A]$^M-C$VH.\[]RWG+



M

M



Y_0-OER?O]XMQ&9*J
HJ:V%+(*2HP067/R`)[+
M+EE_D;I]/I`Y.7&,/M72M<H<6U:=MPD7\X'OET09!ZSX5Z%UN=D(X/)6GRH

J9Q2HY9U=;9;]84BU9'/

M7)S%`=-Q6O42:1AM33Y7Q3Q)V#+FZ*CMX1.


MO927*/CSR!!YR#5E3!PR)!:[:_P@[ZS[;2+4/VIS(=YHO;S7]RPX\-5P=$01
X

MG7^EI]W-W\0%VZU0)7$7VTY#5*T;8'+&4^HN=^2

IJ0

H9K
!D:P5





[WEIYK-QN.\2K


MPX9:+DJH6''2C/;V@U]M/*-T

X1A:V[L$+2\ELZD-?VV'.II
MR%T!1+O3%#-'$JIY&&)-=1X;U9JALOU:@WPCNEF9S:
FOLEW1T(;'3
6^A`@

-C&WE
'F/A6P`98#FE`+!R-A(MC$;MNWDFO)1





MCB

MI?:$MAFE)WK8O]!'*?IV'/_O++^XG&5C\R4KTXOLX2#ZF*V^`77%38Q-?%/2

M']?(D\XF5#+N$F*




?
MTTD*;GB\(\_B&(NP^1!+)GD;6FG;YL3`
RU/S;/%*H693N?I9
W(890E0YK&

'L.:E\#K9G8;EGXCXX'=H0VI
M\U&74?:W6_FR#TM7/NM#)\OKW?QD=5:Z&L5#()'0=O2Z61*\N]N+DYS&KZ

:QHC315G(5
M$AZ'[4F3




)WN*B$/WRVB=W7+L0;(2A<0@NBR869!T:[ENG!:BK
M'Q9#B)_/4
!;63#V$Y?*8-\Y%2KIK$OTDMA8Q[W+9DI$1XZE^[FK;85+I?
0


7NZ








M.L.*




WB)(XOZ9L=]3D'QUTR]DQ'AG
9$.DL


(Z

BDRTS/`D_8@50GBOG
M9:P8\


$X;%UKLEA+!OH;T+92]3

P\M())D&A$F;1LIG$?:7^7=C?1[`[%?805`
4I%A!*?:2&VUX

'G+)@V\22X
M2MX`3Q^%HS!J6:3X'P._[?X*)]^R?!U^U9K2OP!ARP2B?;*EMVT2$:^2-

MC.I!\NFHS-)JT




=&#Q=#9;_@6[M&J\#HITN?OLZZ`@PLZ#G\W=TQZ-B4I1O



M@SPT$`W2NFYZA1%V

;LV^9
MV!&57UUEXQR4:W+[D

!;2]+P8=YGO]Q3V
M.P4[4/!N&KR'#`)170WDUC'8&NCM(9X#P4[*\7_-=%H`O26:&H1S.Z#SA=WC

?!T$_\*:A?7[


^F1R`CPT=

@DJ7W/P30=4V@4*_-QLQ`45[L35(&V5POD4

MH
@RP/K=X\``?)MTIB9K6$&_9\I/

M!?8IX%`MBQN*U)*4Q_KWI[HI4M1UI!E2:E+UD%C2D

MH9=BF%H63))U?[&YEK$YF78/^XF=N:T]D\N#CUIU

8IHP)+=8O



;9^
MLE0?
:FAM``

(?<!V0S\NV[^?+L`HX!#!)!G(_EN-?1N%]H<##-[GI/)

9TVV1C9\U7[I#%[E08L[[G\54T
M3UBEP8?[%EN3#U/$
+W7K`MMN][J?:G':[8M00?+/6;?RR*%43QU@X(/TFC&


MR1P]/N&NE`!7Q?

?:#\%=6DCS:K13AG9'#V30P
M.RNWS(#LV!'SQTY%M=7N)87`&Z;G</T\8B-C\?2(_H.5*WBOOS(I*J\!SJ)


8DICK$Y79Q-:C.

M[Y784]







MXZ:X[T+]SSQ)_?&B4C2W3Q@*H[364X8$PE:X&14A\)`%QM!Q8)/VD]TTE&

;+6*E21U(LS&Y@BA9Y

MK
M/MU(-_P[:*J7?]\AYJ


RP^%0N<ZXR'TA1;M`C.S1Z1.-B6)UB+)E9W<@%J&






NWY@P]D
W]'R8
M[B4I_)!=.(YB?N783\!JR0)`2@@-1W#]%D`G]GV9:UA:.$=M1+TH=MDA!_=L



819!3CXRN#!%\XV%LI42R`D5






MILGHO=![H3E5Y;WDCF)4M]R%_@L-#@WNH



MD&B*[7_G9!H

*IEE

M^M7UPX3ST7L6N-#D`W.2@9LD_M@'QAW'T70K2O+#-(+_0=Q#=T9


`
M\;N?


M[EGW)CU3HT?_H/L5_%-P2T__._7C%5&/7C\EW-YA3%BRY!JT3YZHY\ZA
M/;AC0?X[!W


Y1=
+1;W3T#;KK
*?DIZ!/?3_QP*G-8_H(PG6#R/O[E__]





*R=KWRKHTK8@O%5I2^82A=

M;E7YM%BG*3@U=





M.-H:R$
#8F33ZL+$


VH9E]RYZ]JG&=TB'ZOW
MMG;5[<.Q)--KQ=[;QZYN.H;3[5E&;V#V=$7I]XH^&F9ORZ1K[&.50Z.^%+WW
M3%TUU`',?<T^B*]I/2T7NVL,M[Q^$V267YY*_5M17$DI:<H6E\W;&=0##4P




C^E.X7YO%6Z

75XY-Z+PE!&7L-QB.G'3$B+E

B/^3V]5:!\VX&S(!$F,^
MSH-KEJ6([-(_NG]TR)_P7W?X!]^[9!__\J?U^W^6=@YBPN.084;.3?(_;*Q




MAP@!*#+JL-:S&D-&0UR(212
ILLNG-''L`P:9R!
<X'X

CG3

M@9UEZK;K0+/\H(\()F;^*(/'C4




M$`Y(S(GOAS@
_`BA=A6

M&6CIDXQ5^6`

)]C'

[&4

XH
)ZJ_:3258RLY[^4V]V&5O
MRAEZL(Z
@]!

];!

T9*K3.
MP:2$W
1SBB4


M%][-Y


\L.K^


1%&H;]

QOY[#@

RX6]'];!;5U$=@-D,^%ZGU:CNX^=,PK17?<O
M+6R?S&RX*A/SEB]W<5G=-#?TW#L(?CBM@Y,(QU'+(Y$+#B.\71[#B6AO]?6



M


MC'L#U.X0/UR6







M/.)!`%-8$M-PZIU$DE6B2%LGTZUW/8U


R@UNJU(+[@M?81U.4

M




M


MW=U6YM;9Z/CY]%WA_9EV6)
VK'FZF




VIVP+7C8=&?#KL=8:KNJ-H94XOR%EAYRMO-


S



M47_Z8[6P&O-KR?&BV9*F!:]L+3.@W33)_V-7[GW!P7^#BKI\^^@DNR[J3Z
M'BH9[JF2RYBS?8JV`X4)ZT:P-MDP]T4Y&I77OURDO7^_5*4)ZUXU



MK/;L=

[$8_;3PWJP^%S]CZR

M+V]OYO#R8HGFY_-)(&/

\'5BMV^%5EM7:J(!.!1;U

MP

&=D*MW]?N@?
XYW'/Y'%.FK5YS$D#._\[+O]S



MA/H\P;ZD01Q/4*

M::J-BXD)7$'

S`N$)B01.-!83K#BC(0O%:OWIO!BU*BL
M/H`10Y(R%08RCOQ8AY$A




9!'*.=7\RPS45F+=]\\#[)


N&!H
(8F:I'SJFQ@[^(9E9YQBBKKC2O[LIGGRDOXX_0:CM2*

/
WH'2O2ME
M.*K&U\UWTI%G^'W2K'TOG?&2LC!^-VU\:-@9;[A(A_55*ENXHLW6:!]W+D%]


M
9_W;28@

SAULW7A



M^6F;`&(`
8`80.SG'OV+2;4\4
7U87D-QS&8









^JK^Y=

MTOK.`4%L@M@$0Q
D)DA




]3B9=TAL0V/CI\
Z=$
[


7'F83DQ
MMIF_\[G.A^Z7_&H/ID$\Q8+B%-E4(H
433F=
0V52B

M3GE*;



L@
M^(K3)*4XF;




MG?^HJV8+'70KID-$6*Z(28Q4EIN4)G;)I[03H@@$[+QUMJ=T+[3?S+38YA
MDK&$*

M1T3HIY63YXI]9

#GBI8!FL3



!#S1@^:/5D5)2#T60(W\)475%&\&.+MT^
!5I(&X\CD/-4
E-E)?#L!@[+P;%[6+@@]#T[OY3
M%=V3$2O^UYIG5H'6NRB325V[<G3?1]<^OK$CZ`?/]=YV8Q:RO`MIVT6T_TZ




M

M2A-E/%4Q1(K




B[PN






H+3+.


1!.'NTZ5SXP_5(%\XBO
'?H48HYYF$M=.

6
M@)PDNGLRH&\+LY$PR9@R79IGXYUBAF6@IIE#`BPX1UC](\6&-*8<K45?S



QU$KOQ:

M3


B%BRG'

B



MX


M:/DT=P#F1'UR%ZT_L*`HSK^X^J$5T2F))42ZAM(DCG4L*2&+HM(8=621@X0^

MLIE


P:SD*5=*Q_.*?HIHTCF

4.$8633V$?DS*14RX6`^*KC^UR%`Y/PF#VA6
9:RIC3U`D
MB(FI6)RIP.R.0EJLQ/YR?83=RXH

M2G8A(V4@SUAI2@E/J.#4K.I9WI$(1N`_MK=H'XR=E`13;15E5C-.B(P9FY]I

M/









;CY36_O`*OBN_Y


M(.P1P*/%B'YY1=%/!Q%%MD%/EC?4^\CYWZA'V@M+_0(MH?@@PYV=3^!(XU?
MB-]3B;O9^S`&MUD6BMKRPJ:YVS-G%U4NSQ;:V9K@69]+%=/
JK=LIW+!@&W

?GWH


/P9V5?]:O@:TIZ$I#8U/)(_:^%J

M7U1Q







MW4G*+UF:NHJMN_6=
[.CG;\$`R3^Z3`B0D</-JD0)<;)=^#?'[O4+:F3\C
M%9AHTZ2?9Q
K)0_!?9;G!;A8`2TWV!Q-EB?KIUG5F(^']H)^[JY-TFF0W2?3


\_^.K:WVELWY:[_)'@;5F?1R)8

!DZE
($8X-%%#
#
MI0U%I5K1(SB

M!
#Z2'IR8$0!*K$(

\
MX)@J'-G9@%QR0Z$*60E[:B(C'Y
+J81D)[4'2;H0)XZR&0PS#9G0H=:1!%;4
M&IM!F94'0$#?U;ZG\:SI](HN*8*($89=2ZIA4A


EN0[B
MGM:WV'`221V9


)
#AS+?
M?EIL2R*LK;!V0L<NX@8@C&([<0NU@E)!E_]^Z-:X68MY`!(]ZX%BV-*C746

=]
G!_6@SK2S)Q

O$
$;]<!7S#<9NAV9,/]9`,-):((`$(0-Q(QAM62[##!#\F&W&$)&DW




K;Q;+%)RKWZTWSV:;11

M7_OI9
4#G;C]7L4+IW^?V]QVY`+\R.8
L4T9_I8
;9)X:`%+19'0DIC`(61
MYC1-@#$3%GF

)4)4
M1QQJ0HDH]UPK1L5;FK#0N^37:']K$U4EQS1$A
8R4E#:41JU(C9H17M@A9


^]/T8/HI

MA#


M2OX'


MQF5
$6586.LAD(G*XSD$5Y7%`




M!US8*
/$-CQ$`(4RE@2KY2H5Y@+K2NV'%TUZ%V$A:BD+J6640!%$EI-&(6IH

=00806%L8VKG&BWU6G.J
MX8ZVP(OXDR;JYB`FL4(@EC'GR(H]I;R@/`RIE8CC6P//X'CJ5GF;SX8$1IJX







U&(T

0W0%_

BK@[0**W&P&I


MF=
676HZ%O8JYE7




MFIA$#P+9.$?:
15Z1@EVQ;_0:YC7,
M:UB37<7[?)M%^

\

MGX(/DT'V-0EF_1]!\N








#250D81@)F/T`@^7#UJ*]ZP
K!\^TYQQ'R5W6$!4'J))*38P*!'N






*
M.


9Y
9$1YAR^_4:F

MVVIMG^6E($+F6(=H^R.^XG#&L:$:_



B$ZA!MB^-D.PGRKN8\/+O--[-=_7EX/4)J?SW=

M'W+ZZ]+Z!PDZ4%69O5U3]M:ZZ_F%@\\YU0M\KR9F_-YB;_]FD$TS[&[KSOF^


MN7ZR?Y#2!ZR]%/-:(-7W%'0=@




0


4Y_'L&D.

M[

'M7X7$
=C1*E)<K-<:]6FC
%NRAR



ML%?9!?W6I1!)HI)$+ZAW27+H7O'K7PH\UG#;[T]6?%K2SB1.^/NFIT%3O_M1






I`!;QP!]TYX)OZ`



1(F.D$]PL+$QVGV6.4C7(%/BAC#O%#-$%\
MIE
NS'Q69K

CJ52##1F^L+Q\AR

MQ&

M^+VX.`=(\6U


MS/QMF+!
(%U)[Q+X75V8X@D?HYUVE*BT':*#L_++#%&!HF&LOB+D?^7/B-B4

61`,^L1$S+4D*$



)N#;FD3-G*#@6XZ37,U4Y2!RF$5\W(_C^YX
M



!RARJ,34,
M7!L,;P,,&J$=3=8N7*NML^5P4)&/0K@M@-J!T%HZ6HU5_!E8)'UN7IO:MWS
MP&5
E@\B0@!=R_II$B6Y
\(`!6_RPK0$FD4
S72(JQJ!&X0:^(IZ6HCG$W]C


M@4^09P*7FH&INPZQ&TE=`.4IYG)?&0]!HV]3V]%MB!5US=`-PPR].=?`;&[


OC:0\PC$4EUSPU4
MGX0LL#W7H)B@-9)2YFVPJT&ZC%NT;J;3UCUP((%MN3[6E@@+[7E-AYK$VJCI



7+AQL.3LV
M7_DEMB5&8C/AO'FE6:!=;)]!6.7\:UGM5UQ?T]JUEW&Q



MZ_5)4).83CQLO;OU=
DR![)
-6-XA(-H!01TX*;'QWN.M2TE%HT24VP!GL1_
M8H

M;FO]4+BZCWU
\/1ZSQ\\?[[


L!Z5`JWBE(C0]52UMLO&AIJ


3XHD)^Y`T813\P!%
_^]FFXXSWZ5S8/N/;7B&9A&J













M1

M31K3$#5;'?@+!)H.$;




1J%UGM_#JB+

A(;$TI#


EGR:^





6&
M+;LWM;L\27N?6_H((U?

ZFUV



M@YG4QZ=N@G8PXW6#]=/6JL-3H./U7


_))03Y[PXE?13NDJ!;V

^U0Y

M;^






UK




N@3
M9#`:&1URB;`3


1Q/`&


M@@1%4^JQI[)D\@A@KZ,P=M$?E5Y-S+
8ZMQ#%U


#SU*:*E1:JIL#@3L-*:6<0K$&;`M1P.JYB@MH18]DI1Y3B&4P(FTG)E
M+




7S$SR@3YG&C
06



).O3R/=U4?SNP[_<AR\?/[USGRM?7!]9
MYFBSRPV#?')SDXSN@N%5D










COL89U$Q/

MDG'1^;

=UQ.Q[[A



MDU]-P%_M0(P$(3$&BV11;/B\1236$`.7RN./A5'KRYBQBF5


M=C_*^-X/A\D_7KU/\SQ-J]6H1U&LH@ALJ13$=^0
\:([@M6



M8V^3;PABY9G757;]46;\E@VRF\E-X+U*XMODWMQD4Q


ZGMTL03ZS60*5(#'5BOMUU0]B
M5/D[V0DOMEHQRP&50+]@JLWO\#_#7NF2$NYESMD(QT#A7GSV?RQP4(FJ*;
MEL$U
]C


M3ZL]\ZGN'8)4JSP[*






)OYHWO!T=B7@M?CH8+]
4E-D1&
MJ_AQ


\X7_WC)V:4;I
M?_?\Q;`Z[ZUNKN:DX


M.[^:YO%YN+3S#!RP!`T9;ZQE6HT63


M010%<AEC-.-D4&W/OR`56W#?G5.

MJ([PLX/D4;HDB0&K$O=@;`TZJ8TMX#
5(WIC'$\W]!PGJI5M111:W-0Z-







MC?518%54Y^GW&
YKP;0FC8&\

L)T
M8WA^B#
;TVB1OP[IAP7F413KRO+E!=X5!
M!1J50/'$$O*#,D_CFANHW=LF+3XC+O!=E:T48(PG#NL][Y(-6,6MN2`2*YI8
M#^3=9I
_:@__)8KA-4W9WG'-N]#Q]71J(-

M0L[\E3+
Y-Y&L'5G-_!4




UCV`MLS%*S5-


M7]72C2-NUO'\5M\?]\^&_7&H^J





/KY1
12&-99$]C]

M?3LP$IQ*X]]$!3&(`


R1\42%SQ9A?<(H
M3\ECEP*?JF_]X1C?LI])-!:
(B7KM9#

7='*7)/L?&
MFI=W7-*VGFEURI!\T#Q$`209!@)6I$5B=&%X7`M=(!`]6DO)=R]-A@%\]9)
M$26`P'A$4)IH@]8P;CVAQ:[!GIN%CZ6K3]+$WA*6&&52`$9WYXX%L+-.7Q7
M'A=`P]_GO

MI.4Z48Q7PDE(1LJX$*C10?!(-\]@'EV@\Q60XF?
E4?5@HW-V^W_N+/=/IOY
MR6*$#A;^R%YW_5L_;POC6NI?WSIH

*-+Y]NH(
MEWP/O\CMRV92&
I][NL1B(I*3IF@47KOB:*^S+/-YMW.)GHW^(*Z\66E&P=O

MC?&V1)






MLQ&8=:$^UT*A3&`ZTO538`7&?F9DC-QXA_\


M#I*G0B4?G:ZV#L1+:;$*


M+=W6MJXI[XHYI]3R-Q*#*;')


%+?X^@MZ/D


M@^R564FT]


]Z#X
MD@?3B8M\()U?+C#W.HQ0
%Z08+UP2N7[R)@

MBDJ2L'1S8MW
2C246'J24-%
R

]W2JF)+






-8%73I//KK;C2YMW$8Q.6Q:`0JR&S!P)L_88OGN$H^/G;8*67


)NG-Z<?DDI7H+;M&'_++
#L3GY7)




MZ\H9




*Y_[0%/E4$)/5+ETQ`#^JASE5ZQ`;6I/6)KKO/@L

7@








M!1QQ*]^LSW[$F

`7^#G`-#U1K$\

M&0+#YW4QSTL&6@*Q;WW9D;`.D
QB!,BD1Z&%QGZ=YC587&SF!@67:]\9Z+







E4K3Q;O8

<]O'F8?=.4[UQ5RV%_8
4:\K/)C6_/Z0O8FAK&M9_OYJ%%;K.ZS1&LQ!^:<SK'@L&
M?/J+Q:)PXJZBBCJ:G$+P2:5%5*+EY8/X5.\N_*O9*TVW4U97UY7+T5UL@


HVDGBF%*+8:ACRR&

7X'Y\T#


M/ZR\^;MS680J(]64=E;[X+:^![?USSR/KY
T/3BJ


.\QYD41L)+JB=`VUNN/`NY%&%:0QSFN^



M9GW:;F.)+GIAR1NS+9H.+1K&E6PJ^EI)^5U#^T':_-N.2J5(949MPZ0Q0S&+


MVUE7*FQ(;U/:=







QBT+`-
UE


M+_D7).U8&)(W+$9KTN[29DMUR5FST6)S1=HD=4URNG2TB!]7#JI*E`)Z@N7*

M\Z*Z&K5S)?WMQ7R7==^;'I7.A/$F74P-B.ZA-2!3AO`ORRR;W"I3`[)H
MXX8)F.4^\`_&Z=).6ML?AN$\1LV_6R:BC`#AKV5IUS.7/AAR9/!_-]%5-?F
M3I[-ZVZZO



W[
B

W34E02)#%\!`#ZV/!U

B);JJ!J1+?42U'`XDQ;+#9




CMYQ)@AL

G-S0/%I/M6.&[



%_2;R@X(Z
M
4K3H#T'0

^9%Q=+A\KNL?&F#6OF

M@&!+T6P_
`WPUP:PI/=RADOI$'WH.K7P/K!A2\NI.Q!%@CYX`;B(P-

@#D$TU7B$U-K9.0P%
&$=WQOC#D(8[%


MF9X4LC8()`-?T5Q3T7S-);I#3]P

MX!(

MZ[V6YZN#X'#C'FG#-E=:$A4W2.YADV-FW%42P(=CH[:MG#@P_'NLX7:!\X



M)MF'/GU@9-H6(HLN*25U?WWG4!)E^TB6+%-.NNCN0VR3/)R9
V?N
XR\STXX
MHG

MU1Y.

MUYO[*&R(Z-ZM@?].Z7$(





M0;`E&
[TPJ/(UK/KA]6
N?#/.;!RDNGU-
U.N
74[ZM9.9Y6IZ%LIL!-N_@9

M


^`W8




2V47140;\NX2#25!_D@&Q_`2A!N
MF*%2:M9=(8SNI(@P
(L
T
H55D`Y`^S
=O=



^CD;(D2@5[I()DRA&+
MZ*K\F4JJ8X84!4LS;XU]2E9TRT_`[&3`((U#5R,DBNE+!+KPG_,:%YLA856
M^#B6PK816X9ZE+F1`:-A./1E9%IN:'51G(DL]?A$G&C+SU6S*W4F0`XR
M+AC8U:`;-2::]V?+RY@9=8!YGDM]H&_-T8

974#
ML)]X`!%X
/
]3
)+A7RJ9914248]#4%W$EX1$3EL3:[!9)I4]0TU]+Z'2RG-

M*O\88X/9G0]6R7N=




E&P.F11\6.]BZ%H/Y322
DI*




'#T9&B!
M1P015`1F`B@E$'@@#&0_/)_FX1-PL394#Q\/IT





7)F
X[U=#1ODFEA%A\O


M'P*PN;FV$3'D*+=@JS*ZLA7`R]@PP`T$NF9W0=T
S
$P[Q!.G`8;N/+*(Z$#
MN-9HW1


)@R0-!
MGE7MZ[:=5Z?XP91%C@FA502/60JB

\T+A0*U$0Z6Y]LW`)%J!V

^ABTV56T)P.OV'FP`XP`X=YD7
1P<6@Y/,-J+/3C.=(G
M6_*/55)])X`^%#GO35TP3`TG2GFLL0%EA8!9^T`_RP-?(@7&AJ?F?:E/D\;W
MVH@995I1)UET?6P.W*`\64RZY
HQ&/

M3


.#%J/1Q
MC_4$9`:62RY%&#^.@CL:1[+H59JKH:
VCA(GUF%2
-[R237?`K=#LY4&:\\$
M96F2&PAXB7R/FM




??#=1`R;A%#?QA.RC@58XK?:*E(


=LHG


J-Z4ZHV

GK$!-$@2N#0Z
#3P/$T+21JG1D14F]%_2X^3X)WUTX\
+G+6_1AC(2*PH2I];#L(IT:=[?63Q
MV5]^F

M_[MZB='5[-6S'\YGK^X\/AE/JY.+:GQ^

%NBOJL:%;#`)X7\[:KNJT_


M#L

AVZ!2MCBA[[JFZ=U1ZLF`C(
VW/`)&S
9:+E<M6C*KT!7.&WC
MY,
IW#I#(S^]J+J=J9C(3A!HXNB;-
?9M48SMQ5`VS6`.@+-NE8'S!/OTW@




39`:0

F41&1W

'5W`Y
&LH4#[$;M/0*($2*R
M;3FL^E)4HX-19'5#!TSL=Q(R=$^R^)H

MG[A]^G\B(7^QWZSK*W3O'I!+QSKMUS!UIFL8*:I7K6I0]-`WGP)=REL.*N

MNRH`W/*F

M=W)DUL+:;6[4^#FY,NP.?,VQ_PIU^$47L]#`A1/



M1#%-%B_X&A:+;!(^@G\%N6%X$5C2I(+BM1J/8/EHUC`LWB)!9\(6'0&5A.C
M,N7=1R8/&P5423\4&
OIV4Y$66HMQ.:1L-$[#X1%DU$-S3Q1.TP&3M.AB+1

M/BGU')^EV;%11%E,^$.!CA]%*8QSP&4?(B6_`4%94FA8F09O%MC$FN&2+4



H@/3-

B?6/Q7

M_D1%R'4X$2;1=2%$/^98K0K/PR*[!O5XIS,PNP[VS+#:DUXN6IX2Y&C)Z8
MK@/K?





MX+TBE1=(

?9.`MO#BCN

Z:0LS#...;0^_[)8E$)^B!-M



I&\EN-+0@R[K._[7NM=\F+;^=PA7O
MW@!W4-L!^+6J898




M+@(P

DZ0FNW'


ML6XF+!?%DR3K!QK5:\M;K$5=W




1I_X'EZS]PX




MID^D2B)X%+;C2[::7BROX8D;&FM%W&H52IRL$81]]%(.E/AA!SR4


MK/@;DW#T2-.$9=J?6Z.T




-*];1/RT=SQZ'DQ!W
Y98:8


$+^4=LS/0UP#\9P9

\JT2^H(Q0/A9'5\(??VKZ-I^K!T5%JF#B5'1
(YR$&[(2KHNM=H]]%J)
MKFA


M'3?E)I

(-BFNK&J?V8/6OF*4#9]\Q)W$X.[N'_WXUT\`:O9


M?$X*]\I8UBFA^;)]M+3^7JL.E+*YFB0H%.5H-[Q9Y?HY*?PV@@:]!`)RM!



WKT_#Y#VH'[<BQ@.888A




&21PDL1^
&R1QD
1^
&Z0



P-7Q



:R*/JR*O1H)\26]E8;E




\C/
M(#^#_`SR


MG$B81.

+B;11+C)TAEK<`P?6
&-
(]`I::S6=D2
M60ASZHC
VQ\_P





MM2++$,L/8W#ZWA*!U_B,X
ZB:X-(419T*^F
^G
?SQ/OQ`M!*AN4!$C(2P






-#+RC:U*+S\@K9%:F0+P`N+E5L





M0*91^HM:^*TDC2\M]N@'$N?K2$`F9'$M?=@RJ-&*9T$CY(L\8@

[[:\=,
M2
^*


MX@1#N6GV.$*+&L$;:!M&..6Y#?P263@SHHH&3]B41.+DV8L(]$2`:T3.DDC
M9H&1Q@T$DBG/0@(N\T4V!WO9_NKDDA\MY`_A/.

GLS3_%6LO%`!HMLEY4*E#.+ZR/)






MI1=-JM=0#KF&O\KO1[7T-XZ7EO:R_@:GL9S%DH/MU
7YLLXD3F+4QEA[0V\%


M].PTS'
4`ZXR^M1@I)*7)M7%-XO&8GKVZX%.SDL:J


M6-^?N7PEWQA
A3Z578*5+_R5Z*TM_@+63T%O'W






M3^()Z0

H8_%80



(V#
S2

M_A4[=F3T4_5
F/!9B(U!+<7O7PT-T\D59F%OYE&+$\`7TR05A;B8!OW*9A`^<[R
MY3PIWL@\`!/269QL;CF`]03\I@J^Q)38!CQ&?1DF@'!<-<)6MT`V&2(J%9W





6:JA20J



U#7X12[@0CY
M71050RAW<#;ZZ6Q8_7(V]A/*+4OKQL.1*$<1PVSPBSC2S`AGE4MB\J
[')+

M4

MZZIMNJKO^*X;^+HK29XI*[ZH@CY;)#%[UB*?O/MOR=`

WK1BX_
M




]
MK2$O!R8+Q.[3(L1S%M/L:RVB_AQ5N@WK$L1*D@Q'%U57YU2YMN.)?D.J9$FT

M351\691ETW!%RZ]@KV5)WCJ-%S!%EJ6_$94O




M^9
LU0SDAHBVNLN'H&Y'`35=278]&^AQ-!4PN`D36FI0`^SM=H9US[3MJCHE
MR_9MP]!-37=U/U!]WS?+V3
MKZ%@WH2XEVA

LSS'DDB#1


-JE+^K__SF;:99L57-$SU)!`=###1)




B:Z1BJ

NWC4`V7)!JW35E

M





MW+9L6S8]T=


%/C?(=0S5::L6[I^/PS-I&
MP!1@%8@4UJ[K/M;:`O
J`=.:Q;87(%ZGS*YG+(`/KJ%IJH8M`Q-4V5$DI2K3
MD0VK672BR[L6AQV&6QWG9EU=$W5@3P`LT53)E@*Q*K;TO6:%B;%[0G!/**+;

M[W'^G0#^)

M^8U'&O]&I]




M#2-(LFSXMF?ZGB&YDB?I2QT2M*26!F[OH*=5S;1-S?)E(]!=7?9$L3*(MF@V
MTE!8
SC(]3/:^N`U]K[B:9HDRX&AZ&H0`+)1J]T.CJ
U2I)/V`IT!2$//H=V

M0)^JFJ08LJ]J`6XEKEI*F?XY154ZB]



F`I;.:HKVYK=
M*+`X=2=ZWQ/S(K-CN*(&_S-A<F9.(KON6+5)UOQ&]4!)XS'#VY[7C11IF5J

M.Y(
R$T2-3S+`^;&`
0=6+OUX3G9N=D9).Q:U69JHJ%:DAL`MG8ES[.E901!


MDTBVM$Q^'

M
ATD$T!&1P;CH*D]:[6<2][B9[F%&S#)@%LYX
M!BI@*9Z\W4:@ZGR(E[U&.SR&2U[K3)Y;CH79F-P$;!@P4DPO*=UOI^Y!IT72



E7_0AT*U;
M0VP
P`$@W#JRU^`
!VY(J:1LE0\QAJ94WT-=:]:7_0X.V5F
E$:[.
5J
`

MSQ#GR70X^C@.\Y[PYW]_(%=P1C
JSQQ?S-]=S1V-?CMB^AB21F.R5C%F)40N





M:@N.Z[%Y7R%C&20766`E]N=

3[.@8?TZ'1&LP^G7T?DPT&?#='@Q
MNFXHD#OWV=&6!4&VN7#P:

SQ+#*=VJW!8[KL7H]UH3)T68PFK9$-`C2.K1PAS]4K`CI6+O#
MLN-Z?&\]&EOR?GA^=3:;C2Y'Y_

MV49+#KM$[FV
UV*2?+QB;'487N)3H<^F#N5@,@KU*33AMV4_J)2_&!GO


2NE5+?S:M
NCW#X`W6]QVY^[[:P'BK`R
E::_J$!Y:-F
/C8?<(<$QE)%E0\DI(KAXJ+)@SVN]:FRK?
M_1%8KXA/:[[:1X-DY%\#



M#'
V.M9XU\#2)@1A!X/9AEF@3++
P[6)F`D3-*DT[J
B


BTB^@J
M1=6'F*V94@\@TOK\-CZ[R6P:7BQ.^]UT-!N-/\8O4_KWU^%T-+G8O&+
RR25
ME%F27%J+`!S#XLPGHJUMI\8.A_X]SG3_X&Y3OFI=RJ@YLSH'QVQR/#4NL`LK



F235HHD3/:V(0:

MWQ4)/NWWZZ9`[!CJ'?#]90-9*66

ED&1K&+:Z[(M*GHJ3CH]LG$!X)R[Y1_


$8Z+B5G#!&_L7]8I

M$P
SR2K.D[$4ZBY)A67-NP_8FT8^#(0WE.0@+*F+C
J:*(4G[R*'IK]!$I5B

MX=$ZHX1G@0
LM+'7MF;(Z)!/M&\0/Y&:


M;6=M`


Q-.6D05BT2A807M2N@H$.I6/_S
MW5OL6URQ2Q54
&Y`,@P.R]8P_,3C:VJVPA/47`X:^33))E@:1?#2*X4KA
M`B:=&D^QQ57'JBVZ:D];^R/U)NW&SQXYEW.
B4?G(I%L@KU9KDIUF8%)\%1



ML.A]K.%F^^#!=(+[^Y5YO+-&$$;)$'1_V`#:FMY;BS=6*
Q0XE(&L&V^.L
MU^S+4C9D*4*//F:E@PO9I26CA5QQ(=+![#_)K-OT0E`V^AR5\R+GE'G@HJ&'

MFD'1DDCX$=/?+;Z]WZN5IO2



M

MFCLCM%TR0!I?NTVHVE6L'@C`_?K]I=H

SW@KR19MZ8%UKEM7\;\
MZ=#MS93'B-8'\$+ST@['










M^?'ZS8.O7XW&P]

6=F]W!G-)&[
ROO[TY]/)F2%FS6ZGKR


;=J\NB!Y+B
:__2*S
IT
O/[V?E_/DXG7\871?(FT]?_.#\?#B\O[ZLO
MHUQ=X_<?7_SH'L_FL[W5OG)VO'?V;@/Y;PG!?0]!7E_%9KABE=K0+S9NK=(
M\

MFL$E^0^O_QA=D)TYBNZAB:Z=BRZT17@C57L?
?
4*O7^$.0*YVB;\+KS\^F7


+O5YVS)I3L(/;


-7Z?/BXHYY':+AW5Y(=I$J05%U
OI3T

2C

R.LDS:8$)P1#B$60E!\L6(B:-FA'HEU0_

M?_S4W-;#
)H-9@]/V@W_.*_;.EW#^#3_




M5[99.S.)^^JJTMIQZ3&U
BK
##8J+*X]!X:*J^1G)G


R-Q')-BY!M
M2847QY.F!04;W?:70

N#]T$#RHHVWUQ%M


6NU@NS%

DF@!)Q8)JI'%!
M]>50O(L%4^28\]X:QW!0TAI/\_Q@Z^2:-I-4GL2MR5V3Q




O7MY2\EIJ

MJ[

7I0

M(S7.4124I@$KY'T&.`Z07IFD:L;7I&NGXL41*FW
1XH@69?(8:94]-QF4^?2


F-0YGB#(C`AS$`A\F=E=`IW[&G\()CJM8^`\


MG5'`36#1.NXX!


0L<[8?.GINEQ]PBQAQ










M[



MH5A$E
1HL[RLB_C
M^Y/HT<=V?#U/5\?VW5JQ*'?Z@-@%2A@3P7FRRV_\B0-.%.&-U1[GB_J=].P


MR2&)Q]AP'.T:J7;--$[




Y-49OQ2&T0D(UK;0/@86L7




M&W&L%-;^\Y^;ENM!W)52#Z-:6(I=H&AW/F3BG($CT1*GCK'7@O1CD3%8)@

F4TR9H+)=7S33Q

SMIF!A_K\HQFU-P,9NM&@[Z\4;RG4YLL!'



<JKJVDSJ5-)

MI$SK80H
U]W[[\;S%DC

`IC2+QL\PWCT?CI)KB?]
MJGON]]6WNW%UWS0@FZ;].KAJN@?7MPVPHG




QFWJU%I-

MOD1P;\K3P2QYKGV=]W$]]=N/-6^?@K-DP#-77B[1WUE'_WS^][A;UOVEM0

ML/SCM(QV*00UP.!TGZ=SLPMG-4N./P6*:4?6.PAR@ZN[]/SQM]ZDFH7-@?&G

M2


M[^]ZA%B#S'X;W

`5*_3P\?SE'Q`
MDCZ@C=U+R[Q0H_`^U#:_#:8SOK<+P'4\8NT@H]Z.PCJ[6/`#Z`C\/RD4.^V
MRQI7!)RSPSTAX:=GGU]577`&+R=:X6@E1]G\XJ]/%]-/ZVR&FG_X)G_X)G


7UP9$6FH&;4T



MI;Q*W'G&&=R4=RB1^[)*458HHM28+7!/TR^;N']Y_
3&P@8WOOQ]@8?1
,8SXQOO`SBYTJ9?9).0=\N<Q]@7$N
M4)3N<\O4A&!C+GY-\%$A8T7ODN=.KPW2XY`-R\4

M_==$`($+[]DYJ?=RBVS[E



*D_WYW+M],L\OU=?-&EOF
DK#G4KF\A[M
M


M$

MM

M00.Z11
P53]



D%F-4KDRB(S`)\S((1N0?+RB:H+MK4%



PHU#JF&.M%%?69K5:_2IR.=D;R%0E3YZKH
MO!1

)NQ9Y=\ZN*7LSQH)*B@T

MR^9A2G'BU(5@BDJ*SH%&*N2H*
.8.)$X\3Q$I)*BCX_`%0)GS..$MG6D(VX8
MFMY79LA?AD-=/]`TUXQO'F(L0S




MV\DL\60261##W2]2\$U2R.Q@-@_%5/B1^RR8%T25IY
U+HRF7A37Q?3!^VAG

M=:H-(PR4G5EW/$$;P7@4A*AI$(*$)`G):@
@PV$-&H\U@O$46J`_Q1SHLNWZ
T:TC8?X)OKQ-,/H_X^&J4,B_TO/LP-`4`<POVO+639:Y'S/&5I
MF0IO`*9X$,(WYEB`_.])%+N3A5+^S;-^G(#Y0<Q<W_821S!'3$08H?%_#MP
ZCMQWSCC\

RAQDS=L-2MQ!O.923GLAFK/68N&@M%-!=V[#X+

M^A43
Z_RQG]\#$X@2VV

M
MT(AC*?A\%W=\9CP




NJ#




/@4Z*-!!@8[\OJXV


M(@QM.%06:GV5
G7A!8H\56X$D*`A05


FFV!9(/0UUP5UAYD]=75P;<=60UUIJK5
M:67WKTKQD



OYD:



M

7$C5DPAC'R]*IO(A047[WT^*K*P&K_Q
!J]^C.G&?O65KS

*H/&I3U3*K?

'M72KHI0304LVNWT^S\T






G]
Q

JS#QK\2-%XS[SMG&WE4U

^R0/9



MRV;ZU3%ST=AXD1M;('B?@GAI0;1\O+XS/_6V)F9U+5Z';K7A]P874$W6&G
M;YE#PZS1
1S=8[/SS:-O/
\+#XO^`RNT+
)_5(CK]4


#KV_$B?5()=YI(+8F)[LAX?_+YL)=
MIKT2\2A)6\MM%2DT2R
P3
6V]D





MFCUYP1@?[SOI@USN%_.WBNE0\$\4AXE
8^DPAJ.;AR*+YSB\.2KQEL:2*





#40


M7%9UP0=M612]G-

U2WJ9
M



MG9%CF`G8UVZ`;UGV2H/7C(7L+W5=2$\C[^W

BN






M\:AHN;/U6HO(+^EJ9OWS5B.*EB%KD0:I00G](9;[6;B&3\*7[207RP3@54_+


M2SL^VVPM/
K-=O8+[T4T2Z

5KQ*;+;




`+FFM9FN;J

MJV2!EFSNC_3.T-0MI;V*C?Z)^_O6L;V#C6/O._L+SWW?L1D3-


Y=&T9AMC7R*MV

LI[?5ZC.L36H2ROF&/`X$(=82Z'13Z`L]U)S`WN/57+FJ!WO_
M.I;U$IA?5HOQ?/+G8&
0'8RR.K!SG_S@T8#[+@N*'4^@T%Y;XIWGPKQ/`R%





MUNM;!`F!$$B3S?6NA:E$!`B!&T142%ADJI_6GSO
N*?)/VA`1
7;

919:
MZ\
!%'`[1\#ME7:
[4&?




M4!N
<


MQ'H0CCCQDCF1`M@?']WOPF&??#N8B4H::Y.O59NUIA`$A2`(%@0+@@7!@F!!




M#0@2!`F1':?H0U'M$5$B!$T!81%1PJI?8G/Q:ASV
W\+E7J6_2GI`,=Z
MW1Z%`RC@5A\-=O01[LU#7U_K]M6A[UBZ$3H)G83.C?M&PXH.CB9H$C0)FC7S

M:.RGF

0
M'LXF;@2

MDTDBQCU0&/))09C]CG\Y;BCLV

.V'21^_'*`M%8,T'P6?G?U^<O-U?LE[1EP6K9D-JQNZ+[PC\S'L*C

R8-A7Y$V.







1&B8\$Z4H

`B_DK?34#EA$*)O+`%



M3-RN@)XOTS#S3U22\'-FD686QMY9MM0F]84SS+99V74X'*81NX*U.#FF&3O+

%(%J[JL[IL`Y'(4_B%'EEY@
M0XN^UNW2`=*DC`Z!U$=ZMJLC/I#ZDQ&RN@0Y!Q2[G.!RFB@Z?IFE@HIH[8H
MHZIC1'NGX[8

_A+XL5N



07Q?ES



M)'IPOJ2T^%MPZJO2W+N
V


[Z-Q*AYGK_HL+^K-0/0A^A!]B#YO1I^]
<M9\_'3
MYY]^^YS1#)D4!_[3

NK15/[M_T@]@OI]D]=J0()HS=!1[6]V)3)G;+
MPR?N^@=4G;6OG.\
R$]\1Q677C@I

QB(DBBJAZ-9N843*(TFI+AGS
MLDGY:3;W9

)%YLU3**3(K-:4;T+I

NZ]!


2]O^Q
@O.4




$28?XA#
SI`6A#80)XVUO(7B:'Z$/B$.*0%SE$5W;


WHJK
:7B


M27P'#]-9G932.5D




ACM0

Q


A3YD7
G`IA,W0JL1I(Z^@U$G22BM<AAHZ$C.690F2;3Q
4A/

MYPOP-XN'M\N);O+EUH'=K'AJ?51.8L/S7/`A5Y-%.^UMN
U0S&U[+1/W4S])



[^9


M^]0%







P4COY_




*(7%\Q
M'=;&YIN_2(EF5EJA4?*1T=86N=:E$ILPQRK-7X*![*-OZB[%A

MQ6;38K[#GJD9
LK'HH?E5(B0NGF?TBXN-Z.8KA07_7-

MD;J(;EM=JBLK-E]?1G;8-=ND7N4
]SI2R@U7(GDF(KHJT1CEL9)Z.=UK%?KV

T53?T1)4!0%
MIX5;A3;UB(5=NXFV;=R@FT!1^-3RVBA

`''5#64&]0!258_IVUGW&RV*!Y_


M4NPJI=53B:'I\=]


M73GE+%8.M[IF=ZVY=C2&M$AYSC7C7`AJRVH?DP/;W%*'PYC5$7-9[)IHGI8V



M5G91*&



TFQIK'.59,G47H.VC=+`:X(*6['J(BPL(&D7'

MN6YA@+R4E*5


MV7RZ6+)8_'




0WIV!Z]W[

MO#H[??70RCN6W?



A_MO%J]]2A7.*#]^?50-O6]<=
M,#:_@^ZM0ZOA2T(O$3E!C5V!`O1=[?OMWSNQQQ-

TUR3QG8#(8
]*




I=\_L3R;I





^)A!S&UYN0RFV+9





=\D)[S%:08D85'5)\<LO/JM09<'%NJK1;*62IB
ME-[[DI!?(EJL7ICWR5&;1\X:CZ1EHM(#=-8!\N4

Y'
MT_.K.)X






M(Z0P2&'K4QBA.=?M<UWW(FX@A4$*ZT@H0@K;(H7Q7H!*0Q2&*2P#H4BI+`M

T


XZ#


8]NC;M.W?GR^


M$]/H!Y-L

$/03]2U-JAIB'F']Q


FL)85Z:Z[04?UO4CAH2@N1;`4@&0`$B4

4?_MGN/$-K?



..Q!

*S8^(WMY]T9OA`QUUW7S]][\N9M]_'@PN





T`6_M'E
V?
M6GH]K/P[V(J/H/H,(]G8+1*N%+PK`.P7,`Y-\SZ`5#SG[Q[S[,_RGLGKX#-
M'9#]0?;^ZHVVY!\#'UN::E;JH2XS':IQ71B:+8:


M+?H6OR^_.1:YUF!E)P&+9^8+EZDHZO#!8/K


E[N]<LB
M_N8135YBNU:&Q#ME$H.(I2`1KDIOI:0K3D/M6QDI!/$5+#)2&K.S4_/O%V
M/R:LW!_/=SC$9NS-8B2RNY+EUNIK&N2YMQ_(OI;.'OSA`6CY((X?LCPM!,T/
MFC+=LF[&%OEQ23A)N$ONWI9YR@$N8@6U8/XU_J


-G%R=GI@UQD0?Q`DD!PJ+CHS7[$ON;M!J.)$]
[OV`H7.R+Q=JM3\
M3$SU6.)R(;L'%RM*6




($7B
MO%B4TH_$




J4:MC*0K%*9P9WJU=%-I!8)J&Q+74XRP

6H7*TRZ0HWJ!H!(8;IH82(*K?#.
M7BE

M110+-]0TR3*I

Y$5E


%@RJ'W
M5^I5^3NPHS/[?0K)
I^M6;/-%++;:
@S](D_HB_)
(S?H6T@/I7Q/4;=O/^6


-P5.3S]JR8BT%`:91TH\Y\





INOOG/`[

&
*
P\_8V.39$QF;VVP-E=CH(2

XY@%Z+..B6?K





KMO-2V]^
MQBIA4`43V8TI54*JQ.Q[)E&(P:1*5!!)-2A#/(L&Y;/I;_P9:Y9BDOJSG$VA



M!3@J[\:L1^:JFG#4]%F!QYMN])IBM

M)LW94^9

G#9D4^/W_R

DI.Y(008$EZQ3S%`T\V@C



=/DIZZ%_@.+($7O-'E&7B_Z-1

C\1/8QZ3)D_.04=]<.L_+V
(5`N6!2#P


\!3B
.$.%-
EW@J


F#E
MNF%=6-3K]H08[0^2VH_!E_`10AZ0T@BD:AYIMP?^]G/@=LT8E(V*94P*WB!$
M3S

M#HYF-!J


$'K\#
MMI1)`;P0L.ST2Z


'0N5`%G:M87@J0'(7G6L.%J<IEYKE4*O'T8<7%=+=`8

BS'+`0WA*




MF(80FI4!6+PUSKH+!V$


Y79



PR9A/C864,JU9_#O0;P2!PQS+)S9AE!&#.`:;&QW;
M=O`ZDCJSZN+A(F2JC(48!YX?:)YC.`%6-=6GOCG##OS(1L!2AEBU.8\=$3R0
MDV:`#==Q'-NGKJT'+B;4FY5V:0;;<!\GQ?%0FVJX5+5-CZK$=\'`&;3IPS%
M3`OPD71R1R0/X:)E6[IJ.99M0ZSJN8[J^S.CHS'?V(A9J\H'/HI++VYZ;LJ[
MT?Z)@4-
GV!5QS8.L&\RJIOSQ






3)-


9
P%VN!275=IZ[F6)ICEF@S8IF$5AIJ9'D:

MLAP=F`7RZMJS?
/3_8W
43/QFJ[N!5S%F&G/8&80E=DF]76(90/3]FT2./-






M+



'7`L&'B_T^J`VM




GH#P&2

$Y)HF0L0MYP/QGUMJOB



MA

M?$[B4%&Q8H9`-2_)/4^^##.T3@CJ



M-C
MG@ZTJ[:4;[':##\Y;QT@C








DJ6E542*

M2;/BSJ.

F8M*G$D_[.F&A2X-U`::.&F:$
MI$1K^S$^VZEPC&HJM(BTRT2H@\@C?-W!)=)-1YW`;A6W'^%J(256PV9$Q#D%


^'92?\KE\%;[I7]H+F;3=QXE'L








]'
83VUM-'IO!IPS-=#NDR'Z1.W2
M;28XJH:S9?3T3%.B=$'I4DL7
'1390'!BXI]

&^@B#7_K^(0!?L^5W?3

6BI:FX4$B@JXYM=I8OI






Q$1[3.OUW-P`'CA-M]AE
MP
=3EB
^C6/?6


MM$W226D:FLXS

.+%F


JNR?%8Y




M$`AWC6C(@.?/@!09$!GP)1F0/9D!

M












M^A

Y&\VGV;NP/A_.;^32=9:
@





`SNLI'
%W9O@\?+K!B




M=!U6H`




G#(;3M.JFHR!AG4R
=X'G/`^X%QZQCU;)A(/
M3`UZ



M-+W8JTCDW$.CL@


MVEN/T01R.2:NN6Y*V'Z/P9-+$:;LKW5?U-

M(9^EF=W#Y5D




M37+*PZ$JB4PP(COG6T?.UHRHHD

HLT\Y
I

/`\WPFM
ML_/@Q#P[626W3XX#3\_D-F47FM7M$'']`DAY%9?D9S*=DDM:_8[!\#_;#H.J
<ID$3XJU'#$9L$<I
MK[)%$:?CXDW[E+$RV6`WY
R`I/[OP;TIFIKUO*/0BYQ`HLQL$+5
E%IMSW5S





?2I%#XUM1;'PR#2Z
MN(ZK%&D7;3D/GN=<%3SGQ_;O!`!2([YQ[Y/FIE#RZJP8OL
MG',4H6X;O@%+[I'7JO[+Z&-KXSS5P-6Z^*C&E:U/'<:KE53N.F\K6S6)U

M9Y+EI*S:BF;S:?:+WF5DUT=G]B8G&W'G-$Q%?#2[&UI'IN?ZH4Q97F;KM\R!

+IB+RG*J2M.6XYNK





M&=A&Z'`+8P*





`Z#?C8

M%E\GG])1-J


ID\FM3I/D^[_S/%65T6;T&DDU(5K)/U[^[
//\


QZ'K+Z]_J%TRR?Q=
-W6%5G[G]XEI6
MD!&=3IO/?'QEOJK_S03A:/7OW5$UB_


XM3IG`;`YE\



MJ?39TM$A0

M'#I;6SP
+
/TN*FC/F@=@*6W8+$

M)0?/K9%3U


&





1V3(1W1V25S



OE8TK5AWN&H''+7G?%UT.E:TM'@:6


M751GHCH3P)0.F`


HEPWJ

MD`90ZR'4AW[UE=Q:13D67*3RC/
OLVNHOU(





M04-L8!!QLDY












MOT6
\!/A)VJ






M)1V3;%+_;9)-F5ID-T;HM#Y5D+@D#QY\QWMJP-[@N:;&F(ZRO
ZAO:^0M+SM
M(1W1V27-[TANAP:IV'#?.ZB_OJ;``9\EJI_E89BSS;
8)*?%G(ZJX4_37V20



M(A&
V3E_R:!O4
L#[NFR'E+Z1XJ+ZW6PC?C!:VDO:#!`*(3#7(8TVKD$CBE
M_8EENV9!GN4PY-
EYR`0OZL=!H4H@RB#*)
&E&F2.O84[UWSL%[[^1SJ2F
M%?@*?5'_^MV1IH&@;)'2PK.LWQ&\P?E!L_GH-N.^Y-DG)]\$37MS0MX2AS$






M8N8K&%=[QNU\YFO7T6+./KKP

M&]ZJL`:^0R*U-W
3-1B+B.)-9)9DRQ!SF@M9U#'JNV$U0ZMG3;SFK8NNE.M
MJ([O[%=0,?/J33P[HB0H.T045NGG4_)BF7J^ROA&JS9:5WK4E\9ZFK[LI


X_L,RT*
M<KK(\ZK<\!]QN6?2]IMF^^9\6A%1A@*VGMK_TH'[845EIZ`2K$)
X8Q(7

QPV.

M\?OIW9LB[
L?\
N.S]/(A`;V-27'=



8GE\%@N/V7P8(R1=%`6LNQOK]FV0

:U)+
MC_VE878

M6)CX4;C(C]BF'6_MJNOV%U?7
%UY)RA--^YJI'7UW;6:HURF99BVO!3/IFL7

MXQRCTX5%1\+/M9B4S(&\NYZ;8I&P,?:1MJ?6$JB*1,)U7S?2*^+ZEIL-`8
M2[!K.#`$X6;IM'$U1[GXCF:A_1:\K+V\K!\L2?



6SN5.[(-JR

1L&L4I=XFCD)Q'8;X#4O'^C`:B6Q7Y=LM8BIHYU
SIQV]M

MQJ%)?$-
`^W1!JI9HAK+Z$M


MW%S+6N`56=!5AT)`HB#1!N4N@4

M41:PS^-Y2]AK^NLT[Z%X&HX^/I1(78OOO^:K/@LB[]\/O_]&R+N57^*';'3&


M-\VA:PW/G#/GX

M2MV5
90-//)\2N\/^N;ABR2]O/G


MW?E@RBI)IM4LV;MRS=9&6
VE1N]L;?T@Q
2[*S^)5Y`4T2?\R7?G\)]DB$

1GZZ



MZ[EV\VK<1:^IJ1![%-Z'D_S0[(17X@()(VC@.]1(JPD:MSY?BS*X5&_COKU

M%A/+-3;=X]`SH$'N.K1AI38








M`X`%X`+P`7@@FUSW:U^1_:ZFWW#'R@%-$JBHY`X`%X`+P`5KUUGWA#[%

M8Q;C/M$TBVE`;FBR=1;SY@JFH&]VBVLZTK3LQ=DTQ1UTT^S:KQA-4V?COI6
M:0J%[!FH6\O5K:OHIG;L7EG%JK3D6E8?45WDF/_@L)!X1XKG+P`(I0-R@9E
M6QM3E-;CL2W&8MTS%/7M/8$&'F@EHXT0@40@40\A`HE`HAY!!*!1#V$"0

?P1DU&4?0^8O#A5$TJ&-Y92'6J*':
W4)1E




?.BFY#_KQ'Q0T(]+YMD

2_T?C$RC6#1&?47\A`\2[_AG:+(T)$KY[_%U3J8QNV5A

MFF:[K
7@2I5
[SDSN'N]MY6S;H=8VO6Z?--;L64L?2:W`/(/^1P_87IR;'=D
M9RC!*FJL5?2]^5;1']0/DYR/CH3API)78I

:)+X8Y\S[CB.)D^L)#]
(_XO




M/9\&7UC



.

MOZA-






M*K?5?6XE@ORDFB7M$MSG^^3/+(XY4Q`J_(LF8D^[_43Z?ONLL&=[4AZWU[8#



MBKF1&\YR\+V[O%MN3#U4(5=.;!H)KJXU(!J)L%[8VT4^SPI;%Z1I426JS?&3





G6)RQ








MA`@A-DF(&Y?+ERG0N@E1&\$!B6U&(D)C*]KMJFRU6[T&5ZZUD`_DHV[K5%&W
O^YOQ
M59IE$O[):
IG1B(_D-L\#52LFWSJZ%D`12TN759TE5!SY:A3=F9\75A3:U
M*Y*M;S(
A`@A0HA-$B(2!(%$/80()*+\7T'Y?QBE:`'0JG`9Y-
D^:`Z5ZJ4
MZG`25MY-Y+K@`/%#D`Q(IE22





#


/'Y.#R0T[(]^^+

_P




M$&$&1&C;U&%'LS--J(WL!P0!P0!\3I(S@@#H@#XO077.U[(\JHHO6EAIEV



M!5P@/;))CW3X@/R`_(#\@/R`_
B)#\@/;W=

M3U!!IA7]ZUA0/QFY0@8GYZTT8&FK\*1!\C;@.1-.ND`0LD#B0.)`XD#B1.

M5-X1M
A2\HB=/;D]))'/SC-TGM2E(2AF4W_;/+EH`03`
W@W?&_$H^`PM;


QS(MM=#<CAWK2<3:77;3WP
^XDFHJG+?J)H
M3B`_H8*6(U!T*ZL=TH_\J%1J!M(CF_1(AP_(#\@/R`_(#\B/G/B`_/!VQ^2


ASR%3H.1`R?4T


W:G[P&F[K0/67
KI)

M(;UFGW]-P;A(LNF??__W?T/H;S_XD+IG9'Q//M:GF=?1]R]12;Z0:99.XR2.



;YX\_=GSVP;_^MX00KTB7Q#7[)%M-]$W+H\B5/R=C
X


MO%5_
E

!N+G=[([.?





T/%R30@80DQ#HLU


F'WG4W9&4(\Q_\)\2*`L!
M1)MPP`O@Q1!Y`8&[_=A^+NGOZEP_(?Z.(J-K.?A#1N!!@U8(1BBTQ0V)G&9X



+ZH8/@P4&@P4&!B/4K3
@*?



U.)V(K]10CP9_0?=H]%ERFZP@1'#K06O`#P/8RB@T^X520M6A+2V

2!C@_1Z[###PU'#B7ZSQWI:6&H]LF\WF@





L
M&.\P
#




Y0DK&U


MG
Y_TJ'4ACM;/G&^6'CQR!1ZY


G9

W


M66+0US(J&V4#B4VTTR%**6[-_..

QX?DTA[D7+
A8T^2Y



CFFN*;DPV::)KQR1/!)\5H8_D\
M!]\.FAU#V8::2


M[




MMN2@[8LWP8#P$'@X`$.!DTZSP`'P7@_+%&_1P^L;*'SFY^%AH*TBDP
2*L



M6^


#V+'9[5N242B[0`)_C




XN@F3NH)+.\ZJX$N=*^%?7NF


E\(F



^#GR.$QR#C@







9?+0^?+3!
%=$1F!;\&3AXND=



M-9LL#QV
=GF




M[%UK;^
VUOZ^P/X'8K#=G0**J_MEIBW@Q
E@%MN9=I)VT4\%1Z9C;67)I:0D
M?G_]2])VXL1.X@LI4]+Y

`DL63R\#SGQG
IQR+'7R@K+'K-XA1G
7F1PHI6
MN'*^&_Y7C`G/4N&+38H2Y2







M2MFO#_W.^3GB;%CC\B/IRR]178L?D)A

M:O?9BX$H*:8D+I









MLWVY1D-K#4*&1=^
G$!BK8'E'UALX`1UY_`[32DV@`W!J',I(EE)I;7T`4

UY8W(*+1?






M;(L[@7!MCRNH_%]5E


MR3
I[^
++2G.ASS=@F,G$59B%^.2K$2/TUV*D1#YHZ1@AR$&RAF2=A3V



MTX05083M
`?&-2)+6B_P9O/-H2(






<(%=L
M!Z=I'O_YX]__AM#WZZ_X0N+\.F
K&W[DVTQ&1GVBX*4A1AY2ME/V?`_?Z:







MMZ\=@,?K7B2]=V49(4:Z[!I&/.,P)26B09(ZKI^&Y`1H3QSHL1W]YD32F+P
M[=%RGF'6D`P*V.R(ECO#TZ3$*6(&?$%0_I5]S7S^:@[!C93YD03P%37]=W\





-YIS#A5B$(!_?X8S/
3[!%@T2[
]G!2.;3A1(`M9NARP:D4/


M(L-

M9\&@6T+Y/
W%-

M%)R:B_%MM^8O]-JYP8:$*[6SC.^7&QRAHO2X]:


M0


M4W**S+D.70D*T3RW&7)'OD\%7ET_;A,;I)RMO,DJ+[M.KX9]OM^=.:%412=
M#L[FDZLR+?=LSHG0=63D-='13698#KC$_IPFK+G.:ER04B$%X3DR8?L[VML


M

4A!%F5F[
J0ZOG

0\D'VVKH]0N



TIU_^FV65.OT$L;Q(&'K(_M

:[OM:_%[-29H
MA!.*;AC]._C2W`\1H\:_5[STEO$/#1F</-6N/Q(<3;[5_'X8]
49^@6
V.=




M-+.\MQP4A8N[351%?2[3=2MXV`2QBK6K7:DA]#.[Z8DYCJ'?5_)/(0S1*2

@F4(!-LV=^`X0#PNE).)6#6AJO)KXDQ9\G(TH(2O@AD:)$
M%)?@H1Q;?VA$.+5(MGJF)4T&=HAJE@M4V]F'Z'F.6K71
NUP[T2PDYCH9:BT

M[;IS0KHM



MSZ2*;Y'.[9M.:#FG9X/0.[_PPL`]C\QE.K=]84?M2^?N(W8N$TQG7)6MY&K?

3
IFF^8P0-$PH\XMRRK.F%Y1?I'5C?OH%P@5_UQI#[KBZ;?-Z
?'N121J
M=?;\.4@/;GQZ<-#S',GIP<&!Z<&^O6_2K;?O@TUY+JKEU5&]IKNOAVW=V*=











MMM-Q::6FSXHDC\MM5HJH!_EPB+U_9O-5@95*ZV?H%U+QA.T*E2ULG,KQ2N


&9U@IMF+ST
M!&?1=.6SWI=V
QW4\D)3NZZN:':
VU1\Z[*EMGY5OJ-(^8Z.E:2&TO=7&3RJ


M.&A(S)#8UT@

B1D2

MB/BMF@XNZEQ%(\*9[5)]ZX=GY-

*9?9#J^I`)'!E
'4E6+*
MY;H/_.@]IOJVW[!=%U!W3L.'?):

M
NV$[AG?8$M]@X8G#4_6RY
AU*92WS36:;TYR]=J=GI-MIRAL$M2

4)BA

M!KCN:=[
YCV&!!




M]'I=H]()O?I:R'F=:M6Y8/%%)+@D`T(XXSJ#P3%Y830X;3PXFW4EJMMT\*(=
M-'X:$^!KPMW;-H)=


FJ^'N#\I(EBMNO6%(_8]`Z1#6&O=!'V=Z!+'[\L8



_
M1G^


Z

:3/SK@AX9-]AE-V@-@QD&.X'!F$WK.OO.
)AA
M











9
M-VC8CP:W/6C05^_!H



=L-(??/^4%=&(6CV?P#/@


?J..1AU?)-H?

MUH.7NG?;QS&MF_H
P1B61`,=9$M'4,PIQ!,UPW#;B9!7T]PL=[LZ:L/+NX0
M,ENW4##HW+F/$Z;



['J
MC?/UWC@QEY31`#

M/_]89J
L4:'5S\@`P.8@C@0.!`D`F3PD9V#.`YW9`Q;;

@GQ2S0=5U&XT

MHZW-G3\7`S[Q'%#\F+-`

=EX@ZI,V=/Y<*')\%(?)#1$(IO`@$9<K


=A=;A0C
M*CF8:DPZJY:[$=\!
IBA3W\MQDG-_48BQ+YS!4\8)+$(5@)F.V9ES
?+:S

0R)I+-=L
M*9T8O?K^AO[ZG`S.ZY\FR45_S($SWDX`FO
JQ?;GV5U:?+A+)C]/J_DBSHM/

MQ5L86,1!%A2#V'!6$C8TCQQ!&9X$R.EZFY/24U)Y8NC4

PA][^;Y7[F8Z\SS#1W:8_J)DV
M3&9IG&3%?Y+Q_/#R71-:R962(2%9+$D6#H!=T7`Z0HK/L=XFZ-!9E7_`3#

^R,75XE](WWFO2?BQB`
D8T8BX8@X\J.`T`C$'S
D

R:47_.88

M+K^PZP;QOJ4R1E+(*QX#_Z?_/'SM+KNL$6NDF,_I,7]4Y/\V3D:E!]Q5WJ^
M'X5A`)-&O-[BI&#.[
J@AERKG9$GF.J$]`@87:&-:SG!P`)&`@@IP@8R1?2
M\2

-H[6S!R
MM2-#]A-5+3

M?









M?:I)LTEJAD\/*7J]@F&((CDS]75WO;KJ:V
2!I`LVJ24SMJZA6L?0VH=$2WA
M+#;K(@?D%!M#!'TIR'1)^H!.9\^6WD-PN6W/&FD

\5T2M%K



_(K1EU[B0%L^2V[Q(\$]0%L`H3
#


*&#2=Y(`/+PM<.B@SXK(,.#V9(7@K/D
MA0[$JJ,AK-=ST^G#[?Q)KE(V:^(Y=#QP?CZ#=UW#R6TS@;$8A(A&_`AVD!N
M3=`+M'D.JWOEX]FFW;R'NHN%L:]$3PG@!M6R1L/BC28GQ#*C7%EF3G55G07
M=/H=P3:?8Q5!`.L`O2W4A,HIH&4.SM(L;[Y-A#\V]V(+C
BW7

ABKZ)`II
MG\@R%G99)1=D0-'8-?*0)8:FDZ3(_D)=`(K;U[+)8WC+ND@+^HM:TTOB)*

M
'A5CDXE7V'?Y:Q6$PW)98H*G

K%0BZA(2;:K1
Z[2#3L*]-30M@^



M/675P:
F1XY!N
`38O20$\]8-[8#@[;J8/.8\_'K0/K7_G!43E7(=Y-96/I$
M@)NDI




RI%L['P^'Y6
MC
+;!@%U9RGI`X2Z!!AW[%BI8%XG8OQEIA00*S'.H`P#0;G&;/P-X;C'KM1
M*9#G[DSRBH)/83/-PN4I*0(;NU%S(NRO',:/P\GL.SO)_+:Y-ZBM`:AL/YD




.






4XF4Q=2O#+


M#Y







P:6.*N18X

M_J



MNS\:


]C.%S=E4(5K=]=X^CV12Y!3PPHUD'$]64FRV0(C\

M!(;#+&8%4*`H5$NV$IT@F#9ZF#


MS[`_^KD_O'XU#OV/P_O^:


M@FSP_0LT7Q4J^RLS;H52FL(







#K\=?!J
M_.[N=K`K&@&'RM+@8@K9.@M.+^D2G+:/1;\B=%B+UWCV7W@$+L48P`R`IJD

LTDC-;`#4F4



MT@IDW+
2*T47N:
%6LV

%RSC5PU

)L\;

M+9(XJK(RGSRJ
G

/O_Z9?;I=O3UX^=/9RLC:+1=1K#S0HBMS^!S

M-B@QX1X.VIK'!NO#XEP`.M
H3FT&XP#K*=;!?H`;43O8=Q%A)5I=BNG%JBIL

M-O:CL`PC7
PPHDGI7$?^`1:
4*JN*0H/*\]9E?CW'W8`%NRC8%+B:#WF=(LY




M`]?:I.*\&#$H$I(G[/A4]^GS@00U%FA,T'M:GC6D@WG!OL?$.D.^*(AC(4







@5DD)BD]U


M#


HUND=W!O'4RY1?&6#H#2&X




DP0)T91`MO=@!8F(@O*6=P

&)U$R\)YT^6\A^PV\H%TR\B3+<R[W'[/W
9!U(P-K2#HS(I4B+?D%=O2)3@:M^
5#K-9X]0,^\%)LN'
9'KEIE-D33'3I






CB
_

I'2QX8FF0H^I]_6H01*.H/#IY<
MV\3DQ^R/








VE1\




M%90VY8%B#=NM**T_MZ+TJ86A3RXH?7()ZXYN/&V[O9WZB-8+G5]L4_JSHG


M]SAY!Q
X_]%LDGDMOG=/V(GF+04EN&F$IZ)K\SKRE?U!YU=^T%EX(!$!9%MO
M4F2;XA1^[*TWOK?TX

M)K(V
`1XD`]?MR

7HT)(CI*@D!S$1






MK:+D0!#.L-Z[%G-7E_L7

2Y7AZ/7




O'[\
!`'@'[]OIARO9$;K
MFG5%&ET75;-^



2:)E6N?AV8)#%4G2A

MCF#3[IQH59+.

#]$6G_C6NH]2N)%5GF7$FF+X-R!K3

MJ[0`[A4F*X\LA;D7V('C`6T_

#F13H];[15D`V$&XWA%K6'[,D^%+%
*=:^$=*.5U
M(-[Y/B^%-).$X\W/D`1`'

MF338DBWPS

M!'%6=G`'R





S
Y#8EBS$.$RV
2W1-

K
%95)-U<6&*L2.22Q@(Q5`.<QI91G8'DW%]T*V
][VRN6FIG#CK=5%(8`5(
M1)@33,H6)C35EBF-((EGY8.<

X$]6K







\
MN_HCK^=1F_4I)-V9%C\)UVLO24A1L,#%[(.(MP_?@$K#1`DLD[&PXZUFZ<R(
M#+*_P@U+W*TTB]2PW[Y^O%+I_WBEP6M6R$BIL5E+<AKF?+?R*.095O%HN`%



U7+ZMCQ%DJRJCJVX
)(\:FL



MY2)06.#(H6M.Q8MO@J41V8GIS.(+`Q&Y&9Z655;!0DO



%MB;@KG?&;X[N?\D\M4[0*\TPLC]*)R]`PH/_
M^\





O6S.J@EA5
=)$*MO08S
M$)C4P\T'H`5:S3@4&SXD&$#JKAZ2H;58OG9/I2_X[F'E.:O.)J9KEJBJ+=4T

];\T.'K*K6U




/=[:]^?&V5%5]1FWR3V%,,@&?)Q&YOP
MP]B':_[V__^?(/QG?ENZB
&$!\K

Y^B

M[

]K@(?[##K#BL!J



UU


NNI%=Q
M`$8@`P#&.M1X=@*PRB6Q$WD+W*
G?OC`MS4913C)Z1PX-U4:6U4O^T@-77!2
M1

MGXBXATK.NTSG*M)/VY?G/\D_O6\6


9LSF!*;!LL\^HP._R
0T]@RD\A)'O/@!-P5BV


W

M6-L.26GF1WS0;

-B6BLP1;N_'`!WP2PEF'T[2B%=8(`M!3K+RW`TG805?#D
MN^U$(3#







M#R3')LJ)

M!4Q!/#`/&CL$]8+_\U

[U`NYX($S37:@PYEL5'`-F:008



'BA?W

#3&%#!I./E`RRT[9:T
MYL.
[32V[T@VEL=](Z$OR2-2E3&QD^)YHU%V
#5[!^VF:7
OU(ZWCDQQ)E0-


M






M_QL@*'3LVM9U63VTN%E\Y@/HPKLTL%



M)VD4T9
J&$OK-5K\9V$??G

MBBI?1[NOATO:$S&6JQ
X1=%$Q1BV[*[MI

:3SM
#9


%]






M'4L1390E733

MSO7A:*).)I/Y3)J

;13&*S\3^U?7Z=5




H
9H`9
ZGUE`:Z9HT5F5]G%LH4T6OL78+(OI[$!$GO`O`
ME7?!




L:I@FV@[D1V&K

&#FT99W@J[
MB=**(LN@*6]AQ+J$\<Y@,*34Q[EA8^L7W`8E\AXOMYAO9`=<M!O*7BLOSKM


1*3J?4=%BCWZ@[+P@`A(APC'P_GI-



B5*\U+Z*N*_K99UB[BYY6.G9^


IO.

MSC%#G#


MH3R;`Y:/1JJB6+HYMDS+F


TV_39

MJN$Q^:&P/^##Q^`.3RVA0_W$3-7AQ)@
I:FB@Z%CRA;X5(8V52?3N:+*DED[


MWC`G%
VX1MX0S@B2CCE&
+((N%\_;!,K0/#A6B=@


MC]-&U^T'!$5Z-_NQFK+=4*D.N)V62)P*$9`.&3@7Q&('OD7F
(VPC0X@PJ$
MHJ8\2C$Q4Z(U*G:#8UBONAI;0@*.&@E@PS.6`@T'?(28
#(*4DKL7I0CI




XIY].QS%2IC9
M0

BH0@3V
M3%0U!]]R

0+&!V
M[5$_IB


M'LN;SD?0IWX\!2X

*Y


M*


%MDB33%)+

;]]
JS?;_?7Y]&BE


*J$L\DY`#
O`!=K`/3X8M5GJ@[(2Z<QP;XQ@8<H6;81E=C5;J#P#MHQ?]::*<M/[
M

M+PIGWH`P]VMIT.BGLM]PR-_+W8!Y-9SD8_4#[][G\%'U`-.8FHQ%GO$1[[Y^



JG^A;2/#;6$B\].Y_M?_L



M[N]6#`8Z3TYD

!=&$
F$-`RM8?+Q.9S'Z\OB


M
D8RP;S/M`$K(SBURFL@L![;*496$;3+TAJD:1./XH@BQJA6V
4:6A3`F9O1



M
9KT_J\XR@03-V7EJJS9%N!=45L&2\\@-L)(`?QR/C)#6:]J1C&-QQ?F5-
MT;.%*4Y:F64:5F]=

M]@E]?I(A5DSY-C*X6S\:/7U.LJY=ZTXP!?V(`'#XJ]*@/+H@?C[S[UAU_S

4[%))V-HWEAH

M''%



_W

MA:L/3V^W2VDO[^X)K
=.B\#B1%F
N;0ZH'*ZHK/9FOH;L1'=_4A^






K
MA%9


M4OH'FM0:

XO


M46_\1_W.JVYQQ\CT*5MRTDR#



Q[K^(+&@GI=
MGE#:L&)T(GIV/L)1[)B-QW9

M:;=9OVH_7OLW&;[-QY-1+V:R2@+/M







M7V&!A#X
P/)CU^/Q?3Y*V!V71EDC!-^A^#W:CCX_D/\%$85G-


.=&/[D
M&?X=(ZJE4&/G6?4=_=DDP#?W5EZ&.&!
6HJE/;X)A_@B




AZ)V
M+@J;1*S^,2II2S1X@6Z2L21C]7$-E)]L@&22L`N4L.^H1W=7!7FHW%+S;'G

U(?


6?-M=#LVWG7HA0/+2;=X:C]J0W'/P(A.:C?F^03Q_X\MID
MUR^OWUW[FROSREW=O'MM__G+ZY?.O[TIJYSDWZ_\;[]?O_N?E!H_::KSW-/C

!.B=LWNE
!G!LYXRQ9Y.9Q/LPCQ39BHA#D0I)










\GR
M`G38Z

MKIN@GC=0U47\Y[C(N&M8_=5@/V9I?0???)-=Y_Q8#UTD&Q#/V0(SCD\L@?-E
M@1G5



MM_.[&199

42@[]JM6Y4\QLR/D99E
?

M9
:B8?;M0]0Q/8*+=?[L[]X4OOZ_U=5-6


@<?MAL0<'B*T!<
M78B[Q!77:0*$`^%'AW#?`KZ!;W7Q+6%8+W`.G!\=SJG9E-0*&SFGL81
7\)
M


E^

5Q,F%%'
M/R7%P%\9[:.*3TJY=66**_C<E6JJ2X@UDUX##@#SH`SX`PX`\Y4Q1E
L\
[

M00Y-8GGQF.HH@09EA78%_5D\9.3G.CF@VK-$DCU-N_8DD3QPE%SJ)4WB?5






M7WSP4Y$89WO1A

M&`D;;C.D3;@L2:Z*/A[_=`_W\T@\3+1-B`\



;
T&J99

M9!5$V


-S<EQ2S@'!.&<^T5[_-`BKBUN0LFE-LJJM
#


SNS6^%I


M?BI*HQXSXXX+CL'XKR;&!8O99

M/H['V%V7K;O_#01PQ;PP^0



-.?_;EA5SZOZ^-MJ-JS2)(U*
M22-+56GI%WT



2A:*H'
R-7#K+.GH\Z,*$^,:#1*LS2J
MD2QHS0#3)*Z-:`!@G


XY!_9`HZM=P_%S4S2A:S]*9=K][6U

(!%(M5Y
MT
+1
RD=6
2QA$WY


M\9S#JT`X;NJB;!$+O?IQ`V&@IH3[.QU[],=[W8L;!(#K4`KT`JT4H]6JD5
MA=@76VX^'*5YE








MEMY$F:2^S9Z9TRBU`]?!=3VX/G`)M85-

M:1Z7+*K8NT'YJ_:1/]+1CF&GJ^AI^^9Q+8P)0,869/6=S`A`_A8D\0GOL#L
M&1B'D(P`@

^4LVOQ'5QI!]3_.\J?PM1L8=
M)[$4T5.K&B;T2.BXP@10DU(8C0'C$M?W@1?@9=
CW@):@)8C[ED$:GJ/&FK:



M83Y)TC7OER^:%^4DRE:
9]I\YN'K3UEQS+%I_Y






M['@MPO$R(P&74=D



VCJS?%]C_(#0F@`=@3T11U^QD


8!26AOGJ?QN01@[/O+0I_$D3SN/D`
$'N@




7.6DQ=]+%(LNSM$&:7UBBSXCO(\V/QY2?+9JO5L#/!SN







$#.


SM`ZM0^O0NJE:QW8NQ1_6)1.O
M?




M

O[.(V'0VT0(X^-M(*R?O`UP!IP!9\`9

2QD*I6_O@*HNE'XRV.+MY[N'

%K?^T+N

_;A4?;!STO*Z?Y


?I=
Y7*'




/C3MG^Y4[LQN:GJ4&)]9

MH29.P1M!$M25Z*7B+]7+)RO;V)PWH20*Y!WL8IZ`7?!!;R=Z@($3X`0X`4[@



^;11
MDG8RY


MUJ%U:-U4K6.S[\&+MC1Q_ZZNUVDQXW7'-E@NEV71?D
Y^QLQ[Q/#/Q)&*(V0
M%P%&D#\#3H`3X`0X`4Y&@1/X)O9-PU5.2W+2?E1ETW5'3KXIDE^E5?M+B
Z1

M]I::*4X/(/;`ZC82C&&)LQ1_G7OGRVL%`0`E1WW]!W?C988=/V
@9`5905:0
M%60%MM

^PNB=&J-M;680I=F@Q8`+BQ[T=]`$O
MVN

M/6







M]H@EKYYU!K9=DJL+Z;[7N7W_H/$WVOL/&B_1?FY4DX+3^_V`4EU9I?V2*BHQ


MP$!AH'L8*'4#0B-Y_=XPT3&8Z#AD
PHK'(FA]145FN)R:G+.-&Q6ZT/3_JFC
MJKRMA


`R?P2Q0'

Q(2()0VI'
B\5F



MY-U

M`3Z00`-.@!/@!#@!3D:!$_@EBN

M*GM&
J;8J
5H4;'E`S5`#5`#U``U.'/HU5\Q1=M&GSF`-=X$:M*)[\ECY4-7
M.6`WO@RE+;-_@#`@#`@#PH`P4Q`&YZP/Y\R$DQU0RNL.5S#T[9IO8BYA/BCE

3J^]9'N0#^4`^
MD`_XY
$G_U+I#DK
ZA+JA^.

B72`$^`$.`%.@!/X+6/P

A@(HJ*%U:!U:A]9-U3HV^QY\;5U2^7:33)H2

M#F/E8TI(0J4=-Z(WQE(8J?

U:TQ^G0'1).8GG`X

7?*P
1@Z#!V&/D)#ESK/[&!A6AM:


KB'(#

M_(WY09_BB?3BCB?R:6KP








M?&8`&'L@S&VCW(!XOK2:
:`
*/ON

MP$BBBB'4PF7.A)

7N2DB6L!0'Z6A@DD1

M6D
ME[?ZRMD6;+7K]E71%<G
M#6\%M9[6V3Q+JTM$N
B$(!

M;T\VY)HMAA

MD2GB*S+_W@&R3T'*=0E,9560_*HS%[^_!I;LHWI)1HD)`SEN1&F)YALQ,B$
MDM!37_X+%]-4^$@.50`@NP!$0T;'O!CRAYE_2'()O#8A!;.9



-_%@+OWFYGN;\(.-4'`$?*LP?




\0`5AA;#N(:Q:
ULA


M3N7DLFD1I:

.?KOL:0O/+FEUD^QG^IZ\:5I
MED^B9$GE8M4]#R^N=V$R%$DRO^?CD7547TL58WA__0Q)KN*)*,BYN7?LDGT


\2LLLW^E4*NAWGJ7OOH.&^U5Q

]4G@@@L:H;S&YX:G+U.Y0KM@AAXKTB4\_
M*TH2I2
R;S);'.MPES;C#FUO0`WT`7U`']!')7U


/H=5P:)G

KA\\UYG+J

G%

MR?.?^@]:K-8UYW1
L6JY35V%GK-=J6:*3`-B3Q_S&`TL366J`#%`K%K%L((!


`!C3`:


M&#F[R08A]\3^$((!SAK-\ZXS:BO+H.Y\QAK20SGL$[P&YQ+NA,Q.I%.J9W


^I[

D*XJJUOY4:M:/':9)
1T4\2B.\CM8N/$
MP!,G``G36CRU//T%]R'EF\F?+#
8)G!


MJZZ
U4LTVWS^+99DH.MG=(6


MO&&S15UU6?T`C/&`Z?G-59*%:]YH*
$UCP5HAQW+HQ939V=T!#FQ7*61LJ







M

M2+GO`R/`R

RWUD2V/


MX0%EZJ(08/C!

M-[D8QO6YG)G./

D6E`[+D@#[7=





M?N$D@9


PL:\_!7-VQ

Y]6?O7_B]
*\D3L6[

HC](RRS_':90.XR@Y2\=9/JF3F?M9
MY38LQ*C_4+-%RN-E&96B/GUY
;YXR'N^JKAV)2'V:Y(-__WG__XO0OZT]@
/




8









M-3;NF=Z/TF@4D5[-J/









M

5[5X8^*0FQUKKMS1J=C43=4MHT:;W1V$2(V#2R$280%9$TRH`0(`0^

MIHA;AP&C8P
':DQ'C30





M3T@GI//PI+-G4\NRJ1^HRQ;?E');^71:@+UM'#X07@BOM.4.PYEK/XL;GN
MZFTS/1&A?NE(#+
\*N






P'D

M_

8]32==X#@#$0

6;+_0K+#T(-B@!U
ME9510H;S%

KG#V



&!
M&M-1PQP:A)KZJ``P!@(&RPQ0L\


M.#[ENO+`C.F8X:Y'O4]U)08C8V)3CEEDW#H+'*=;`I6GTV0;DJ8\HB@D!
M@YTE-VT4OPWY7N1%`\W3#Z:SR?I.\NL0NXK&@BI_$A(=2*$.KXFM7L;BC:`


&(BU%WK;A+BVJGB<%NO43J.^)TY'\__$[



M*$9O40'5%MN







ZU


T!/


LU8%V.4
MNL2-X$('1%[1L1DCOB
M@048T1`C+$#3&N`#/D_@9
^SQ@F(B]$R:DT!G33^

M


5UEDS_`[(1[`NX)X`0X48\3GQ$W0N]E0`1;
M7"K63H9H).ULBC;NZ?BO;.ON


MO%@^K;E4U7ZU+XG_U1MEMR+V-0HK(*3\;CZAXQ$J
8VX
T5[P-WAMTV(.D3]


MP

M!YL&-@T$HW?!S


M;W1I-B5D+Y(XV;HKU7016D#LU\L8(U[46\
E0
Q$B/76H0GP

MB+

PLC:_2+*U3-1;3R&3-I2X)Y+F@=)$9





MX`PX`\Z`
^`
.-




Y97#PUL;[P*9]=\=)B



M&


:@7&13



WUW7;Q`W43U2`$$(((80O)BXQ%A*'R4OZE5J$-@*D24M7


-J($^H`_H`_K(I(]NP9CU##3F;F3523D$B^M%A*8]#8M%IF9^LSH7N\#2



)4'DPF@%1%XN_0@)

!H^(X!VIT1TU$:-3;3#'@9?1X


MFH`)8/)&F&R=$M7CECRJ;1B$P_F%C6D`2N/A_=+R
'/:3
A93=J]5+9;J;5SL6GO$V`CVLN
M#6_JM(DC<L'6+CPA

;.*14O((J^L*WY=E-RJXQ^*S!&9

D5S_EU6L
-L
M8

EYC_ZHUX

\I/JVK.2]N^W^G
=E





N'TJ4]H(

10XG-`A)(G/$.S&B/&8=$$E

M`!C=`2

MA+G$=M%/`?T4.N('T`%TAN/
T]V1`IP`)\#)*ZJ




UAD!S4QC??6=5G


0VY/7QNHEFNW^_B.69*#K9W1%E(2N^HQ1H
M$=$T8H?Y`



UK#26XYK$!=3BQ?&)3






#611W7?%%87%Q;YZND_M&^Z!]%:=6W





IOW1UY9#E4

MGL%O$BS`E)B-8CD$/(X0'ED`7$#=&A!4(((3QDME9$B1VBH4A7`DK+U$(B
MEAHI'(B@41)$`6%NI)PFNIQI(PD5J1.?DZ*JK3A/K.6




MYOR`A$S:N:Z+7.G


L.W!X\MQ7TW`77!\]UZOB$.M*:


MJ*:+3`-BSP5YB./U-K4!$#
08HP!7H#7F
P6X`PX^^6R(21Q#FZ1#3(?[@
MAE+MJ
NBCC.QGJJN-I)W#R&U(Q-.WW6)%VZ(69%[1XQMFU&@K`WY128&3UF
MF$\BC%`%8`Z7UX2IF;#B1(W=`CS

=80/H


H0Z))#8.
QUC(XGA

M.A

]]_SM'X06G:C5EM9455-&_ZY4+J?AD];
MU?RJ2I
T+A]@_

4^(%B.T@MH-M!ML
MID1;#/&N^R_QF4N

?
M(Q@LO`1S\XLM2.[92`F=_V?O6G?;QK7UJPC%%/``[%34U4K1'_MTVD&!L[L'
M
_






^I!Y2D\1PICXE-((:004CA@NH5'J#_2



MT
6


GFQ)^MDZW('9;^WVHS&5&%-&HF=#0D;B2M


;^(:)J./Q]%O^+!)
MZKLDCJ6U%[0[*Q=2"D\,R^4$M^3E]L*8040@I/SU






01B4LSZ4
Q

:'O5'^3

MX`0X@=XR!KW%!
\;)LJ/1S2#J2=++FT0/X.A@!'4X#JX#JZ#ZZ9R'9=]#[JV
M+JY\NX=
FF):QU2:1)]-




I3!2IRL87XT
O``OP`OP`KQ`K1FK6F-T

/_N1G6?V+.BQ3S).?G
]/_!CC#+&/%N


MZ[)8.





!82/92!$^!$GEK8SWT$C.B+


FHL8HX
8

!&/OQ


EFO?9DZC2=FB!_N:([*66O0

ME`9HT!H-47







MN%V*'(GVWY/80\F^)]F$1!2#QY_4LOIIO)9P``^!P`/8_$T^%G%`*`M@(P

MD
C+

N$4HW(MRB/KT[3XGZ)L%M9\^\8=7_+;(KMM(^'S

AYC;R'4O\2'G
MDI1D..;[U9S-
[0QQ
MS40/OAIP'5RW@^N2IS#XZ/G^$0RRVW0H`R&`XY]N.DEP.AW?LW+DJ=.5K\
-'C1CCMG2O
`['C&7PP3&#8^:X8\8G




ZO1;UQZG=J^)L9
MJW@K;(LESZMN/J


M+IP%B3$=
%+N-MN`#
4#
L4Y]2EP_(%'0FXII@^/?

_'C]36?UVU?$_Y]?L/RK]PI



OD-;YQ1;$(#*AS!3AS=]/-T).0*7?H#(M5K.


MZ\]^?N?USKXRD?

M=J.?BM*I;W@7%&D#)







QYX6]63V(Y`)^0]M0
/V%<I10T[L?O).O5:H/O):*4<A`/A0#@03C?:6*Z]IFT^($M1<TRAW]?

M3QUV?2TRP6JX^5M)#'P2!'#SP[$+%Y^M7._.``_!'9P![6-R+P2(_^@9#O&'



=^-+8.
WJI[O


$
MSH`SX`PX`\[
Q1F4MC%G5HW
7%

$FNHESXI$I[4VB

M/%\EL&

R#B.1Y5%9[4&W$#ZXB]!E68D#\6^1B

%6#7\S8Q5OA6VQY'G5
ME;$IL9HM:7_GD2CLK2.$\?8V$-:/WP8X`\Z`
^`
.`/.3
49-#-$0O97$'B*

M-9I:M2C!98:@DP8=(]%V$T0$$4%$$!%$'+X%X_!.2;D.1Y'/2\XJ_G:2\O6K

M.IDMP!EP]J
Z-B6)CZ







MR97D[*:__@YE6W;B.(D3^9U`T75LO7!FGAG.##G#%=#7.K^V[J*TNVJ]1XO2
M7'08-NU8#
8/&..


M

)0



MVP!DUOZ



EJ,XZZJR/FTP'PSR
M#)Z0=_]C8MXGFG\(VL'8,7D1@Q&3/S,X,3@Q.#$X,3C99P8W^3XNN&N_5B2


0O\%W`R_=U59ZAC#NE*9

MJ#&H
:@QJ#&H



M3:1$DZQ;J+A4.@U:IT?CK#?^H/X:);=QJINOK\59/A!GF)`.:J^+DHGG#Q`B
MI[3CH/47SA]#-'2
\
$=RH@Q

MXLJZ4M=)ENE-$WG?N@








!X`'&0`XE
M5R(@B!;S-JE<&U2-4SXO$WR&88B:)E(P*Y%$\H4HZ(+J'5)UA&W-WNW2]




MC\]Q=JV\[TG9?#
J5<




MJ`PBM:=&+


?0/X+_`W
M#;3G%-B`7,B*GUBVU&$&%\:K]E2/UP:T)+M&%J0V3/JQJ5$14^%=B7Q`Y=
-9V(8@#P/\A8<`YF/%(1J%L(((^T(.P%C5
MMSB]&.J
A]?K)?K?.-WL9.3Z-GAWON]CGSD^MP5S63/ADR73YQ
CWQ*=SX$V
M]$*;.'XDF(C\T/-%`*[MU'0YQ-L3
I\W3Y'`3L1#UW$][@O?ADB#-H0B)A[#




R@%C-
MUX%P@#'(,UF880DOF=%VR%94\Q^P[_&&7^*Y;QI&[S]!;$=_^:%KC0W*Q3
ME!4

MES((

M;9(Q]W+RRD&3^]N^GNVIMJ.
'C:










SL=BR

MMM4-AG%V]VZLXM7X]J27Q/4+3T\FHSAY]V@HLLBN)4R8X\&R``
FM53OGH*+
MBQSB&6!]39










W5T(PNZ7-#Z]RC:_



'%

M@X33;


_(K/(\TA@`/(_HU^#_//W^I[]%M/6:T/WSTO=J
0.F5L/1+





%;V:X]5+[Q)P4'`^A!2

MR
)
W-(6.RT:P
M.






M!=@-MW3XOTE



MD'7=)KJF^LC6`P?7L/WT?$\_1MTXK4E;7@B=%O))?7&W^
/R=I/H)X(EF;
M_CE\@;'7[/\3WGR
[]FI=S:[S6`(;%UQ=




M34P?C+1B$3\(W



M


3_9$!P



O;NW'1S

M
HAMND;@
S8H]MV.O?UE[EXQ/1(@T\1(<PWD:T@MMT;!=-;*9@[XY<IPB]8AO.KJ
M+G'H/UBA!!W?1^S;

M@V*YV\U
4W%-K)BZ:2

X$OF?Y^)C,BP(_QI]!
MFJ/!#2SJ*3M8NNYIH,H5Z_EZWO9GH?(KY2?ECSP5#ND!N)J!0[J*Y9IJ)X3

M-]94OY99+QQ
55D>Q=@\BL-'^82?KX$I4S37


0!X]F@S2:






8
MVR[KN0W77SN0:)JH2M%S!]LNX:N)H5J=J`(SJ1$+.;JJFMBRU&4YH@*1QEJX

M#7?87F79-!29WDOT&JAASYF(1YOXCFF'PO`2B3%A*ASB$5-;F&#O@8SL#'
M&5+Z*(7CL92D\AQ'

!0C]K\LA=($5O
AW%@_%T.$<`
MFDEAV76F<M$;:3H!QXYY4^`,</B]N!FPIJ8PR&,&#)N`\6EN:*2AH0W#63:?
M0Q,C@PTU!W60&8X^FXI1P@H:&?O34F'`3V4:([VF/QG$(2O_#


MBIVK^TKOHSCF()55:%*]T(


F

M$5S'+#W*%%Z*J4

[3&R]8Z[W+L@


$






MNO


'!']R

O$C.&RC*(YR*O&&OM(RR)+F458;




)4X]_VE-GD;[
Q4[JXK.%*K
M&N7LBZI;W%%W]VX,U*[\UVWA(9=L(8U$B=??+Z-IGF!^6M^^L28MV254R$



TJ$$/

M=$6$1*#5H85
Z-/%ZY








V

M/OS];Y+T:_V.FQS(^CT*OT;C*(]H]BF)!]

4%)?\D<9+KO%=
MD2C+I60DP672*!F#R6=[)*^C&#Y)IED8#[
WNT]4OAQM1PGPKN%R;8MB6/#R



M)YB\F[$#

AHQ#=PT37XJ*[=X!T

1K)B-8T#V&TA:#OY*A9
85V$=9EG2I&
C:8+.[LM!`WF0L\R

I8R.1U(49]


M.O?0L'-;DATJ!3R+W

4V32EE-Q$//0O!$HR
Y+G(JC2S?&2
M(+G)KIO2.[I7CZOGO?FNI-]=B?TV0DS?[/`YC.Q[Z_YY&$Y;7=V9?Z/WC
M

M\`.EB0]X2`=).F^#`_I`4T;6_/'.-(/7628M9D0JYDR6V*SE?`.FG+CG#H;_

MAHW:H*+N:

O;P_*;T]MGU97W8CVV/YN8W3DU%ULS&(KJN


M!V2




(V$DA9$41E(8R6VI



M#RG&=DX(2NS/Z_!-.Z+65'WW.533GJZ

ML&#@AU@P719:ZOWG;!@PH()R8L6+L;)XJ
=&'`V@HWW_'VVQNOK[RNT+76
-Q$^6ER=TG&8P\5YPB^ZHVD:2G=I&&?AH&RQR+ZY
M3?*'+)Q)=N4Q42RML?H8<D91!KR7-K9//N9YG+[))$U^1H]`W7@FK:^(1[FY
MQ+A6)+AL#-0W,]*O4Z4?)ZFM4EJGKOK1TPZPMU%NG6Q_G'E&=(!VX9F33V9
M@9[_M')-&F7_=6-+V:_OAF'Z_LO@@0ZG8WHS^IPF$[`IL\_C
+;CH0_3.GFD





MWWSH^#W]@X9.G791-[



+\8%*9P2#@A0*!B7XEQC4;ILR=R3R

M-CD)Y'^D9:C_H=A
)KZMBSLPPN7&8?PTCGL_PD#`]@MAHH2^:3-#CD=77M
MK

M#(]'#5\A\?\K2$S9H1;H88%BT0_;;@AI/S3]5P'%(SP`KPJRJ\CX%1+W@L1C







M%4YS1=U*O%1*$/:68Y=AA24X]D!A?X%

M/LF*7Y+9
AU;561+45):1*Q$440-]^`
FJ-:43:F:$M1R_(4#+@20PC#Z$]0

ZUMO`Q6?5^^@+8D'+-($4ZTBYSE

MF6&HBWP&-@9WO2Q`8]G\:'ZZ#&)(RQLB#4$%_XS?+$]FV;0:LA'HNP4X5.#/

IO%-?=I


MM.'%Y=

M*QN&

M)C6MF0`+$2LFMG73.M.GC(0`O
/\C$AN
9G?,621\!$HV8)10KN[8K`D6&)(E

E-=X=.*:3E2#/J-3!L
MO0.$MJE0$&H)G5A`C-5B1LK^`R+GRQGY8EOTZN\







\7\WR1OH(/DX_5I2(/.\07B\75

Z@QZ+/P];-PX\'Z_@4D'^#AXR*\?0;\



*6TXDR2*)!@M;]`T!
E6*770#&7)

&RBZ:@2P!&M`HIL%@DEDB2)Q8ZJ.&=G&
M4A?-0):L-5!+Q?\F<(_2FP<&FG=FN.Z:(9*21/BA1=`Q[
`[-?*V$R!G4

Q
#4@7W




MYRO-J[:0-I8^3S.4)65I3&W8&%+:4:\]KI\Z0P$



AKO`;S?6H!WT0QE

M9B!+
39(
6$HDACJ:
;`?9J#+!^W;N9TT0PU;Q3S@`_!3@6*L:

9U4/X__\:!)JDDQ

6Q

(PP
MCA4-AVSU&KG0+3ELQS6.$73Z-`C<43FB''I;*QQB:(@<`3[0*;MVR(_7G

M/ET6VVMT2D`!AJ7A2DK
I?`HJA4)?WUQ9'U(:_3.(4`/%C-K8A9'1
?-&BF+


V2O









E)




CU\?87@Y3;(U^.HMR7
MX!)EM;3O9CDDI?)[$,\TO.EA];;N``H@5TR7E\M5JGIMCTL(+FU&7R7GIVM
M?;1ZDGD^_Q[D781[P






I9Z3#%67C=^]``WN=<<$1


#$S
3(R.%]C



MH^N3\_





(P:QO)$B&HO121HY1




MRN-ZT2F&1;^@+/


M*XOV32\#\(N$2R3Q*@F((EEX,!A9X@*+).%OI=^01GFG9$X_XTD%7P!4E0Y
M'PH72)8)HGY5D`2RT`AE_8+RC#O5T:8O'=YL5%*8L5BOFHO+-&

M]Q4X+UMBF`8.+KV]

'1X
M!ZX.1NE;X386.N08;!JV/
'[V&M924;



MURI[I#`
V_S[0`NWB6.8*N;U3J%6LRA):)741/C










M0]L]/1X:)0Y?2\XFX/'7I7W7


M*HBPEF5D*!WZ1'TSF#FZAS%`J(FND44*!*!44&/0+DC+4IJ$U#+#:/8.!@;Y

)7*\B-J7IWCL8
MHHE]&84&A1A%:%FPBB[OT'3P6=KOA!8@KA*<G3.+TIUEK%)L8QC;O6&/W
M/K$LXJ)L0ZD)LI9
U1CW_

M3=:`YPWT;O(\EV-MH2:U;(1UD1I^8+GM-3MV`DW--.HN![I\3H9]

MSGY*G
W


.:!


MLDSJP*QA(3_#E?ES$VQK'F0S'E7)%.K0K&G64Y\TJZC.^DZ^\!\U
@OA_[

;@\




M5&6=T#I;7L7JX
B.FGW/




MG%;

E3K

M++
Z8\;?&NI*QM35@8/0-]U2VO=TTPLCC






MYOV^B_CB2GS#TB-P'800

M]%8(LR\SG#U/2K3$KOE@FG27NZ]DO`=0Z=D/L.=3R/?UI%ZXB@#HBE#[8_
X#D'KXP=MUV31YVTNN[CFF$)D84LIHSG/'.SZ:%4<5L8%;_@4D__:0


J&R[M<M!R-KE)KT]5

;=VN/E?2;Z
$5*Q




M-;
0'

EW5!UMK(-6?[FQ9R(L+LB.$TC.&Q&;2$
M\`K8


O&OOTC9J3`U2:


M+X1VQ`;K\BU#CTS=QKTRI/1+E




M)_IV2)S_1I(*EKB
67(#7ZM%`/E%]E.*GY5^I;D4%Q4
M95&2-&36=_3I`S7YP=P*33=\@S$B6UKRJ@G'I(CI<$3:]3`\C)&#D(XHYH=



M;WD]P#TN;=SD?;_FP&9N@&@39S7%-S^%.#;A@T+]('ICZS[/F;C@1110-I






Q?^#E
4Q4G
!IU!_96`.H9
2$-J


M8);?-3D9ZCG.UC%0CF)?-ZAN$8-J+A!@
^W`T*CN+#?9B4X)F5O6.':IN8:(




3A#`20&.2I
MXWI?\G26E1-&7G8
%\!=9%Y=!L:*
Q5)S!OEYUBMCW?;;:%.FUVYO5M*J;M/
MP&

M1UP)/R5I\E`\_#/9W2L31-G#


MW24H]R%2G/GOB5@00


MHVF1\

M\+MK0.5%-A73ZL8]1194L37'ZH5B])_I.I



'
MU-.O

.W65S=)^H&H:;!^$*-2Y
`A3!_T*
M-S\G)Z`ZSR%NJIZR4TQH^3ZG+@.P.4_&(+Q2R]^LS#I:`NOGB$_T#Q_CK.\

MI'_L%!&ZQ#4





\ITX:&RGH]\NEKK#T0BPL(ZXA6WH9U72187

DP




CG:)/\J`R&VBRIZTN$
MIL









M
3
Q
C(X7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``[-B#E.S8@Y3=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``Y%U=

?KI'?FC45+L
UI6?205!+/KU]0
M7Y9M201ID)+2#]VQ)%SPX-P+X`*XN/SEK]_O)V=?35%F^?3]._!3\.[
3$?Y


1VDU?^)=53W\



KO+^H2






MV:_
=)0YS'%;RGH'X3Q=[!3Q`4F:ZZH!PF817X^L__LUK69%-E]TNG'1+.@+

M3Z0O2&ZFYB#9%\6TTZ;*OJ[-1?F@5]P--I5OQ?.IF97TU:S@KCT%'VB?0%
MR4VW#I)]`712:;.@#WA_LP93-XO7I3R^&`W76TO[!'&TA&QZ;L=CK?%K1C
M^VB4S^9K@TN[M*I7!ZM_W=!VJ]-CHYS
;&M9+R#R?/PMFS2:UHMB/A_M:%S;







M5L#62++I_*;\1UMF6;+&U#'3Q^(AYGMEIF
S]OZ8K6-J;T_;-OSX?-BN7!K]
M/&
_=_


MB8[#6X9;F.0!


K.H!!+++U&/G
Q7(T

$B?'#UX]O(



XR6C8X@4:R3$N%I*=$/-T/

M#%0(D8@$[CB2`,H!NK(Q^F$^Z1N$!-9P&MTJ9Z52P#B!$5J3A@%#
!I5++


MS[P0=3K
ABFY12U)3+442A(IE0Z5]6H`7BT*.(OB;ANL[9VTXYR@^R/RP
;T

AD!Q1$E$82@DL6$Q6*V7!(\V/


MNGL+/T.

MIB&47M]JJ:-/*\-N[.XQ=2H_MUUMW6



50

49?M

A0;Q:C@!

6^
MS

JY#I0.)0L%L8RDG

SFWS
;O;=


[-V+:779=588?)=D=6
M/IZ8:*8@C'D
8(SKV%5

5[WQ^



M
9\6IIZF;&O8^)^SQ?M9UCINV2]:UY\(9N?$`.`864N2D=0D7+B2$-
Z^4=3

&6Z?YZ\;5CV\CP]M&QPR0AS.--^\AM
\`





7\[ESY8?KT4L?Z%.U[5:16Y=DT+1[GU
YC)NPZOZ-1]@4G09!)1CAA

#PMLU&WG:BM525`4\IB

L+J.':@?)![9*8FL\FLVAM8VKZR1
(Z`S3'


M)9^2
PUU:6'7XQ..:!C&DA




MW4#&O1M`PAB6J(Z

MCICF@`E(0\Z07BRL[5S(@6R
8;5JK^VOXO0BEITUV#HLM1M7/[Z-G$S$\N%,XP`1
MRS$.I-`<HX!+22#1$5U/O#2.NKUM]8`1R\X4[XQ8;L?(@6_$;MSQ_&+]$&X!
M_-&N%^^K*0F8C#A$)-!2$Z*TA%8<D%CV/%]KH?9[NCJ8?9+V1#F\^0MO5[@
M.MUXG?M0+N;E^4E)%%`E)(\DQ(60@0QDLNHQATFU(.LTWQ]@7.(2CM;WMB


#VB\X`1@<,@`EQ%*W*80Y<[Q`Y*WW;P<A;S2.`@+M,
M7N.J^%FY!&K)[+H#TX#J`


MA**F?YAB_[[39I'$-B7F-!(





MH1Y'9;D-4A]V(^(FP)00\




12U`Q)<E$5Y&7K#
MS:N3QD


2^+
MTCL9!`8B`3@CWDO):D5I@Y2#SJ(\&](C6927C;_(CGRS+WR__#A=?IW=3$^H
MWT./QY`V%YH'QZJ8J*WJ]A=CTK;3-=YQ[D_);5NZ`5I
(*YK?;CJY.+L5O
MOA



UJ1I+

M455]%U0'Y

H@5?.2=;9XLOC\D5OCA]J/?QT



MUFTSO5LLI_^:WCQ


M;^Q


1`Z*0;PH1ZU-')@5X`

YY+5INO`HBP99F&W&2I(VY\`$SCIWR^.2:




M\M#@_F.12*85(]HQD-XPA)&JS5EKI






$7*&6I!65^$A
M9XS:+2(6YSG=U2B(W2/.@U^L5V].Z%:=/%DM1QX0`&A-'%@
X(B%.OKBB?1Y


MZ8[1*&;(P(7Q$TRE04^BI].KB``#(PQ(G?Y'
':UGYMI*_)J=N/Q!'@'*8:?

M_IRB72`GYW!SD0MLO?;(F;3+9\%YT/7N'GFC








`E&4]4J'T
^^9;2(OT['Z^J=AS
M\_VION?D9KU)-#Q8[;-I5+U!BS$!Z*VQU!L&2`6*77WZE1#B7.:%C^
)!Y7#


QQ$B&@+B+YC??8FS'VI.YM4\ZZ:H
MY#/*[Q\3RN?4K3M23ZV#5B(5VM-D_Z5]K%560'7/GX`T.@E$
W/RYL0R.)X[


83*U1.$
F$O8

18K9(A80?'6Z9FS($:8F5C=#^+S_?1JP\
64H2M&B)39F

7*

M&B;A*(UVVS&

MSB?!PN=5:2T6ON@CDZ8U








MI*HMN#%
<MWZ?0+#8UY3)$NP
M)WWSP0_PHU7ST402&L&:8<#@8&P5++:04*MQWF
:/W4_Y`8T02_HH?XGF*9
M;QW9JWO1H




MJ-3)Y'-M^QP)+-H;?YG@[YXF






M+

4\(MEBRN2.36A[N]O[Z





/3?K[;=4]9N*')./\'P<0=;!X*YE`3.MH(S&)/!*<QR)-:T3JI5`

=P:?*\Z




M-;\'@U+S!O-^]FT_N'T]FS?]+S#/K`J$HU2$FO6%M%V\$2D49/
QWJ8JJ_

\@*-_4.;LHJI<M1:+:VGE'-B
M.#M1J`F=6,_IXG(P&E*5K\6OE8A+2X,F@@@+$8K$@6C+:N^/EX\.2.+S2A1J
MG`9EY&)DOK;`_T

R


MQC.XRB




M23&W$.
(*%$`2-!2Z.(Q.2U)&-57'`F3RO?P][/UW7J/PWQ_]73?K'_[/%OW

M'7-MKH.A_R%8:C`*L9122;2FD!!!6=SE:;\6(#^]^X]!J+\W(24/ANFS;S*W
M&#?A6GV+

4)@B8T&;?ML;+6B$VM\=5LVOZF9'PO6&J(3$4K!





`I@7

M@4;*E!*,`J-=AX+@%LJO05Y1;#EYHM-281&Q+527.`(43+6KI][TVM]4)!
+3\E#N\/#M8_0!-A&'
MR,*D9!,]?U]&*^_I0E;H-:\)QEB`"+`:XF$Y!@KWZ(`)<M,BP#_%G)6$.C;
MQ#=/(!V;7O6XM.G_DH!)QA&%#!`#!*

Z+P7P;07M;







M@:

M2F-YJV/QAQZ(5YZ!/ZP-
K7DI2JJ9240!@SCMN2=(&KLQ*)'-S[PAD`W+;=_

M&DJ8YQ9HI;T@QNI6ZV+






0)R95$[1#*F#!1$KX;&<'\^-)M-W*YNEI$UVR3

;;\

M'S&J6QE&K)R?J/WS7J1JNM_S+3ND)5K7A._&:=112DW@](48W:!B*$*N[R



\I8YHJ*C!2UKC[]()
BS'4?_QD?ERIOZ





WTYKR.R[QW)6(TK/Y5):.^1+PS0G:Z`C$X(O?+;+M;
MSY[^
4$6V!(M00JJ(OVFY065!+M_<TK\?!


P:

A;`PB
IJTA3)J3
C)3:V\Q*J='1:92JE?&[&5A

M1SAT^
L#3?TTHK$BL)




M.&4
6`:/-!K/15Z20LU.2+D^V7B@U
].':(C[_]*9,/3*HHT=)0(60@!BL




_RKQ3?F+&PH(T%T*D%M\W][^N

YVA65




!47$ZFYQ^.8BU%


MGHXPWH
9HTE'49BNJC?DZ`M1QQ(F!?7`E.3





MR%
)@3O:!R7+#




M.$6
C&(6

MD1.(2.T=)%'-Q(!38M3AZ3'&.
F


A[Y7W@CM!3#M/
M#)YOWR17D/I+@E
%7/6\V'V*E5OM@^42F
!

MOE[:M@JB]'ZD8'(Z]93(KT]Z'.'C:KDS9_8JTJ_:!A3/+L`TC/\QCGPZ!ML#
MD2-






@!1@XBF-YXCC+JXPSUK+BB(2H2PYJIGY5%B.BL)5QP/5


_Z1:GQ_W]QN4JIY



M8\(0M+A-03)&V
P

MEK?SYM2+@V5_Q*9`CL5U7C=
GLAG@_EX1O+^Z4X!BJ-UXAIR:%V'G@.;1*
M4N$1M[V);)5FV9?

ZB]!SFH$


M&BH!?0)5JT:VLOSP1\&WIN@TM$K8.TD@H!+RSV+^KN@6K9S5(I..%EI#([



MR
'O\V:]GGV:_7O[]&

O_\Y7]_%^\H^W'L19[OIE(++/A*1`^F`%=Y`H932
MB`#;3HI0E)?K-IHQK+0



B$HB!5&3G,UQ*==\:,9E<??_L8#%&&
M;M'^YNZ9]#BI#\MOJ\6WYN[#\N/LKZ?MF^77S^H7)!3:\*A<XHQY#!`JAUZ
MU
/SM
C1C.
%V1T#GBJ+_:CI_-BHU.-JVWD


MK^.-UD%'\;?I(7?O%8):$V+A?E[&:9+Y1$=A1\=@3EZ5GAR*PV1='
^G]J6Y



A+]LXP









_2/5K43E%^AX*1L?%^

HC%MM]BB`PX

M

9_B


J![6!Z'SGOB?G'UIK2_%T,&8H)K)2Q
M`A/GE39QHH=Y4N0F]G;
4+(N







ML_4\J8Y?9IL^Q^++IH%@[R#P\4YG'4%61W#`8391]_2U7CZ\FM8\$)#:]/9J

M^6&Y:=9_S);_NKF_;Z+BEX;\\8.^^=(?4WE._Z`IEH`2'G5$[)QF$5+?SMM`


P9)92


[J2E(&]A

#L+A





M9_OW02T6A^&E1Z5.Z6)=S0/'`/-X


8NGW\-#2@%8MVM%HM9
M_Z

0%ADWF-^BMA=UMYO[












MAR_-;SZ$YW
M&E`#GDZM?I@]/IP]^8QX2^48-TX1*KD4@*NB&T3.:PT*Y1#Q4?_!P?J@$U
M0-W=K1[K:;L+3A9A^UM
YDU]^2NUX


T;(VBS_!!FM9K=A3\?][0S
M*A'[NDHR+3$0VBII&)=:$KX#E`

M/__=?NQ/J'W[]NWW

MO^7TGXYS.A#4VVTZ


MX=UTD.NXL7QF1
69A=(#$-8XP;DPCFX3NQM`L&8P5U&1A
O+T13_VL1T$(1R


U
M._?S$T]7VF&N



Q`122@5)PB5G#=V?VRD33`LIV#PVD\G`Y%B$K^LR

MFW)#!QF4].6:4!$\7&A2%8?#R^2T.)




N&');0



)

VBDRU=/(Q'PW8


M*L&Z(^4YY+NNL-HN5XQ[@13ACC.O/5=


FQO0]5/0
K




MY3A/R9#D)SFQI`UA'(=]/_R;`JFH#T+NI9-4T(*+3Z90U;NV310ZKTT'BG.A

M`D

Q5X*#;`LK

8(8#YL%=H

3\L%?I)BA3)OL
M+;A*0N+EGNTCI)EFG-IK??0\]
D--#C0,UF-9IO-@C(\!3JGG^YAA#BD
MC&/BK0K;3Y-IN


UE)*L








^O-P

M13NLM^&%,AHR2F!FEEG6RE)`[F.C!Z/69!

^'588`;7S3








<C+QTC*D`QP)1[3Y`7#CI&1+NE!%A\W-G<:-OL4%0.BTH$

6
4:N25A9)0[=H`@O8FLO3U:-OP

M4(MWR\7T

AR4'S*1NI
MPVP\-Z3BP'+32*4\-$!J+0^.JM'

M[X@(GGRV


M*GO*K47[:/H\24)^-UEOUTU?O\[*EQ3(30U&T]?2/3V5H]3^83I+7/S]3(75



M;8T\HIE7N

M%.WPS\7WD_E5C7XM:.`PIP`X;B#F@`F-_`932!#
+%MS(U'XX0![6\+:E9@F

M!@B
(^[K)R5W_OP/?OB3OY;&LUNMH_/%V^8R/PKMO;YF[3ZJ/-@@I





^6H^*L;_+HN9FSS:

M!

M[AM/=FR=M?F0-
BEFY?Q^N9@OBLGC_@2C\QI&<P#0Z(#



MW[P;N+0D:A0H/%#$0X0XWZH:9F5F@/X6@D=-X-':HKT.;'TLOZ8LPLGSIT6Q
M.&@3'VL2()9*`\RI(5'I1.J`M%MZL
O



M6#RL*4\#.%KX[WBCP.*H#7%




N0CU75

VY*FGJ4HKO)U^5BO@($GK9K#K<*
M$I.85S2J8(4(\@`
#6-&N/

;I?SY$_Z`\


F];!VN1(T9ZS[2@5%%
-:EI1E(
[/!$VXP]G2)S

M#-I=RWR=1_90S!;5J/I:1`_Q

II)*;P5R`OB:CS2=NFP=HU[





P


ML\YW6'0J5ZH:Y_MI26L4T2XD;%

MG!%@ZPCX(8OOPZR:SG:RLVL?*P6;4KRB2\&HZA1`F$N@*/42(5`'9/G.*\




M


M;O&KP6$N*2):*&
I`I9KXVN


MVXP;A







M-U9=^3;`[^N


C5^0EN65[&U0].Z6R$ZIQ!'!VP8O!@GFNZ?
MDOZ)RF?UI`X_M274A[\8]6Y4LTA;+C6R1'I2;VU)S#T@[_)YW9%O#&F#-[J
M:/82&-?#6D3&WN'UY=LRVC9U;=L(R%H9FXN_


M488
SP=^1]B.\

'(028@X@Y8'8=#9(4D

MM:;]O3SK!-!ATBW[UCK=EET&3H7@V'K-D.2

2]!X\

MU


M6NZK)Q3/6TYGHR1UCL/U8SY^R-]/)]5=6H6=@WH.F`DO?-28JBCFK@Z^F_

6.[=




M91SF0V[SNB+Q[.58\M6+\--1T]BF[UD;[2V3ULXVP6/O)-8.04:I%LH3O#JP

FU45'\JDY7VE-&?C\=N7


M*CB+[?ORNQOM_^W5]QY@2X_7VR%
.`FG'Y
3_7/AA31#I\+)BR\3S4B9C3]5




M\:T^F5Y7B/R4W\S+J(M\MM7C.*!5D
@#`!0RFD*(05R0T]6^09R
.1A8$D$+
MNIIVA4T?^G?_



_65A(93
M[-93C
-IE7H[2__N5K.GX].?5W6$0[VY02`&6R6C'^$)4QICYV6#F`8:I`5C
M.CO2WI5_=2(L9]KDNXY??OS^7M

+IYI`6-5K+M#.^Q]OD



#$06
XX`U@U)[[C

MU\6?M


M/;%
`Z
\AVO.*46&9UY/0GW:*@S#5]]@[.!9M':RD?MTGXW'=4GL;+)K_;KM


MEB$_P'







M3GNN#\!`Z)SCG867&T]WZ`+9;6!1Q\;BHL+(?:D%:R?598@*S6479)7?37

]
ML%W])`V\+M-R@OR]Z'%Y;=)^/3Y_+BE(P2`XH4T5)82G`C![%@;XVY?H^T
MM*+'$^0_81'Q;)&Z







:DALZP

U!-21Z)(:M:I3PR*(
MB?
4!
-GV=DP;-]

JH8@XRZ;$0%+LF:(LCXHGG=2XE[-TQ

7E]
MEVW;.MW=*&#%?0&53[X(99:%PS:%48G;#A42B6\7F/+8@SC[S^[\6$\\_

=[7YU




G/@)PT`@M.#$<(HB1(J9)<:5`^<2W_4)BLUU=19S
ML-&L'6







K#

$&HD


!HX\ZY)7@:
@

'52.#@(@
U]@FZ&''E4=I

!M\.O+3



MCP0DM0))HA1IWR=C2DJD[YR4SGZ$QG*W




MJ



[0R)+:8'3Q'


4IY)]'HZFVQS
M;YN/;^X_+^HO+47/5O


S%LK(TX'!2:()Q8)K'!4K@J@3C8RM'!I:190^Z7T1,5(K*:+



+-5*-B*V940-.T[N8@BTX(@=6




MK'SDJOL!J(-


MH6`F7

M:D9$RM)]T\U]-&[G

M?I^RHVNLQ[(..4CV/(
B(T`E&.%_JLFGJ/78:AE7/6KA#WM]0A`@HB40!!;'


MDWJH2
<FRL/QQ)M_^K#M+W=
NC\X
IT6^JV?3<0I3
M^7.YL3P?_DY.EX371V%%#F8F

MK.UH=:@-YX'1`6S*/7%!&(&41L'5\EVDKF)6P6(-VUI&9F3`^]#QW1F4$N^J


S;G]?5K?K**S<OG:WGS$[


`7&7#3R6



IW*4XIAJ

5
M4YPHJS4UN[=,$PYYM^#,8BID9^IV5B*[X79%-7*WX!<ZS?F*Y*$G197:(<N(
MDYP88V'4MD&BRAS=ZOH54R5S
5#_:)VQ4OI_
LH







T!
M8)(B12R62C7@
&1*54]H5:LX&Z%?)._E0ZB(=W*[O)
E:I^



MO5N]-W$KPXHNR$_?

T?+.
MS^JORVLZ0_8+:N


4M%&:1ATEI)F-URX4BV8CSH_+B'(2-VE]WW[/185N.?/M5?XEDT
MW=(]?GA.[OA5^+7Z-)JY^6JZ^G;`J?'*J!#/0`:,!@X:J5\*:7SS593^ZE!

ZY

M5AB&3[[!.!BN0K7R$ODV;B_%!X[FAST01T8'!+ETC&`A'&?QUI&0R&9/`.%B

ML6+[N\8SV

MFS






M9[;6M5;W&W)VZEO+*\E_SQN#7^NL/-D;M$4`\)H(H[S37`1(MFOY+J;L'Z



-6``DQ1XA*OC^L

MFDS;'AZOS@V
.)H


M[LJ:W


M8\E!_!]GYR8
6-T@1P'63BBI%38\F-K@X'0!9=

M/H]/L^7']DUP]5XMMQF!RWG\1\S^#J[/=,8[)+7-(Q3CR1QT$I!'18/-3I
M

_ES;H-)ZEM=__LD95+7M
(%)Q*31S`
MS#`DA.=L[UL*@(!



3B'-I@;3R
M[?D&
Z&_/=]EU





V
M:W:D265S)D1J\7LW+3AN^&V[_KJX:3=O5[=]K4-.+VJXQR[8(I08KAR`U#+8


7.P10:A#0$J4
MICJ*I2YD%XYB2%W#;+S`7&QB@9QTA@(=R`%(0

M-;A[:

]\LE;'C@*C!5+]:MXN/2W._



XT*4)
.

M2]Y#H^@N&F01T4Q`X;@(GI6D%G9*EVF1..6M6(5@L:-G2B#7$_1`U5[U[NO3


K9XZALM@N'XBO*%0
M`TJ\-T%=:$

M+J@%6&HHI



MK(HEE6E)S5$N@Z:&2+QI`^&+FYA.5(X+GQ3PPVU`(G#1;:8B2
[[XR:P6:
M6!5

MQ9(@

S


M^EEXC:-2:
FY@)XCA3A%!^%E
JU-9;&TPUPVU0@(:AE1AV3(AS$W/TVMWVQ6

MFFFU(*L29CLUR;S?7N];UE#$(:0J'(B2


^X]/T#I
ME6-I5D*Y7
!L1T1V:*I$9L\S_;![2B7$RG&+A;&






J#2#L%C


+&BLY
&R

CZ.-Q<#K]E


M@YG0W]/E

AB&



`FLZ*`3U=+H.@2N9@]IXNGC



.W8Y7BT_.L\C+O

M)A@'
R80JOA!@_%JUUT#@Q%YL%YEQ22!:6:U7K[Z$D'K9=C3QQJCXY0DZ05@










M:3ASR


M*6


9AYBK8$)QH2D4`1?;P8$%32NI+!SU








M(6T40TZ2I*#8R*I2!FI6D




M

^)))3V
S20I5F_
MLUW/R
V`T0&;Y&)&6]W4W:1/$^'G1P.60#H?%6[
&(WH.*)W`!F
+4W+E)OM

M(\EW'`RF1J1]Y-FN4TRQS(^/VC3!.3M)7&QB.+.GPU0$CM
3
282Z!VV-A




;KW+M=V



/IKG/
!(
M$89M/R



M=7^``$.;!X(M4
IY9#0&






MZ.DIP3^8JGM/AF6I;'MH



MNXD!I
62R-1M@1J*SK@8KK:5J2L8PU;G/QH
D-W13*T
%1=V

M#!SQF`.A*+)(Q
F?LX.X()K$8XJT:%LN1BY?P=KBC-HETZ6BXW7


2TM:D
TFEDN`HX`S

GH)'TE&L!6:1







MRB3A%!ZE`5@
C0;9H
[L*1!/M*

Q[.M!XY$-9'V6B+I/`9EK$4%DBD9PY+X
M-
3V='9?03-@M--6`8(8]HI&E:+'`U!:F&.N+$ZEHE@0JX;8G
[M*@B)@(.
M,FR]-[1+DMK?4R%2)[$J6P6IZ(XE0IB290:8&LZMZN@)
(`6XX1D51:;*SI
M[ZA0R52:6SB;I:DL2B66`RE!MF8SNPIJ*A,@:00]`8Y8AAK%^QJ5
X39?*




M*(^4!W$9[A'H
OI

M`@Q-E3TY
6GM6Q(.8_#[@7$I8MXWE)(TP1UX9B[SPF_9R%UN9Y!_
/EFA*

M@$$I+212.Z0LT?LY4EA8Q%Q.3HR'TA1
^*O^



'#_OB3S4-1#C/G`44
M


M350(@S!B0B(-7#]+[45:LJ=L]WAR$F)$F*YZ;'S5'L^1?+QAB-JQE2RJRHA+

9IN[S:)+:&SKKVT]F^\*\7U=U%MY




MA$(3CB(0X[FNL+S3#'DF-O=S)0AO.T%2B;32X+-
X4


M!



MC^&@ZVYHT\`%D
C'XY]4F%L$K:*FGX#1R);GW1U;
H
%?A%BSU#TQ3AM2Y?X



I0*;.`WHR+38+X?NM
M^U0`1YX.E/E?`
P-L'*:&O864&%18W:=<(AP%GFVVF&JZPD-?W@G05)#;&<R%XH*0H50



MI*DW3RR=S
0\W`1=9EV!U&DZQT^]%#;-6-;VSJ-R/`Y\(FCJ**(V:L`&QK5;
MS55]VR4PPI(OBS0:6=`27@D[15

*GEE&3^.$

MJAS?
CONV=J?M5%Z\\ZUXYV`F!.:2Z59=QRC?G62D5)7&(2L5M+46E-LVH*
MHX88-.W*ZI_PV+\M;0_O9SR.C3^0`7#8[X0+(3Q\+'*$RL8X21N3_6F1..=
M(RU(J[44E=:8HQVX$O;PYRNL\OW=9/Q8)L[L5+SWO!$`$%:498BHD!QJJXC'


M;&A^+I!9G$R[L%H[OQ:WJ^5B.9B6`2\?9Y.)G\W+/[9Q`=\[8
#`\4@(#RQ#
M1DG#E:(ULI:;S&*/^KQ:YH#_A7'VVJG?#5.OQPJ84Q
):X&DBAM++5)D@Z=!



S'

S?6;1OO
MB]BNZ\7UOF.?-)&`F%4&42`YM(XSCB'97I\4L&EI/ZT%I^;&^3G3*@NI.;#^

M==`-/2Z

M^:YS$+:H1R7

M-8N;3HTW\YTEM[?-_&UP8)O2T0M+DXV/HX7?_AY4=Q,E\6\6R[E(VWQ@X8
M
J.``1Y#:H!53-





MH
N52$A[GO)3YQ`4DQ)!)2EVHMX!^1HLY,BJ7KK`14RW+1
G-V+T-)Y+L2

HQ;&I`N4)I*9+YF?6ZD9?


!]PI$PQ`<VR5)$Q+BR2EAGF^I9Q4:=UN

M?]U:WP_F96V4KT6?/5/-9+!8W-Y7
WQW1!O4-Y\/%C&EG+56:NXI1(1AP9P3

MKK&W^^B9%-K=4/1

8)UOE\TT@NR@
1HD=1\-YL^E'EM-]-A/)6CVOIA/GN8#Q[WDG+_2X$1Q##5@HI

MHHWQF





SST

T
5!;6+P@MTH.?^4G2Z
MXY%V`$XQJY;
62UO/T_\]%R@QL?=#`)$
614@LC)M1G#(T72'
G]99-T1?MS
M@4R@\?O9]#^KP61\/]YL1ILPI7]-(^9)SI$SOA@L%


4[.\?8
X_K]1')NBI?
MUKN/HF$NN`YU



01(U8*!5%&'L;.^\6*I-FB6C-K

7AV%-Q
M/ZSN)N-AO:'LW)
/O1BBRL&\4=QP`:45@EGMZ\DSJC

36K1HD4U




@R4MK5=D7@J3!)'M&;

E$R7J
M<%5L10=,^GK(``CCL;[`\8:&B^<0V2#+A6


M(J$W)?T&$S









=V3.7G\RT&6Y3NQ4M1I(%0



TH'?CP=UX$B^J9A5?B/K7=!3O


=`_D%G;

MW3U:8$8A([R3CEA1`NOJL#R++%5I%DU\[9;YQ@!]QJ3_^.4)R[BT/]8_OOQM



Z

L`
)?3TZZ*JCB[H1]L&1X7VEE$9

MDO?D8#G

3!X:



MO/I2Y^F\\T

=LD0(1E6[B)IQ7A5^V6.B+UB]#Y


MIZLO@6

MF&//

&T9X6(6H6
Y_KER$7Y
MW4T$\Q!CE




M.=0+:ADF\^U+`J)^B
HYY9Z954VJ?Y7R;WKN^H`'4YO'`#FW@*".3*44XM
M`KBU\0S/\GK++M&


A?U8OE0/\WJ@PIC9XM@I
14`I`B9!D3FBK5W@!*E=JS)-Q9!N4.




#$S
3(R

MOL#^!TW-EUT@Z8AZDHWN&5`4N1L@U14DU3L#-!:&8BLI[3I21I*K*OOK1Y(E

M?OWP^^TYOB67EQ_^^I=__9=?_G1^_O?HYLJ*B_GJ



R*Q:W=5+65\E=NFQP

?01

:1.UHO`;YEQ=XK#\&1/_]

M&@U\[
SJS6BXM\






M$%._'[$!^N*)VT(N6*C]@;AJ46*\K2G3&F,[@E4,,WY5HS07P7&KL]96I;)
MQ^3[JMI:_?PE*Q?725D_D^+Q:=D,FW6/P(WLMN8!&0$08QPYGAT/#S?@;PC


U`]!'A$5.$*$01)39




M':1JVR

7M]VGB+W



MX\=BU234-H:$`1I`'\(`XRB
B.\!ZI.(V;9-?:&\5MZ

M\U@%
CD3V'%X%

Y-=9'#E932)KLJGM
T


':2%L`BF0'C\*S3U)
/%I;_%9

M.#T:P/95J!;NJX#:02QY!EUS4_!E4J=K!;&107





HIMQJS//)]F((]$JZ)MPG(NY/NV=2K`
M?--TF[3+XX&'@R#$D1^Q```713

I/=B`IR`00)A(R4N]+'C
[FDZ('X&(-T-5
R?YIZY'0J.Q;T@45.*?%'H

-*T`/
M1G3Z(
D2GPJ8(TA
!_BY
:($+V@XH`5R=$U$#23!%SIZC*@BK)9UEJ[K1V4[




M//\JV^D:0&[137-#\*S5&T9U'.#
T36*


3:*%Q$:T_R^-(_!.VBDTDN1K


X@BY@6VS3LHJEDQ//)UX*RW-1*IM^XH\GE\]!J/2K$A:DHL\@\S
MX[$I-Y:HL
U:!8V#`+HD)&#;0!\Z+4[J;J#H9$/'=ZWY^HT:4Z2WCM6?69U&*TM



7[<461)6M:

M:5D'M1.I+VMQI=#?\T05*LG*[AW1T?/FQ__
TK)YP)?GJ_1KPV:[+AVVRV@.

MO7H=@B9($X_&CVG27K3?O:_X+8Y^J1O9/H&NX[NVCS#3@QC/(@'CAVI;L9




M


M];FPMLC[;_3@!5;W#37-\8T4IV\5


M\
_*TP0]S2$[;QB])=0G$HV\;IIF^'R+V_JC16[UT$\_N^`A6&BZH;7%)CO_




M&`][RJOZ^)M`*56C


MZQE=K\&E+]=CU5=L5#F77JP9D6XMZS0OEL'OGM?[P'8AGUP3CU`JMC*CJ7DF
MJYS:'#R^'J.52@5]Q?-ZE919LOR/)
NOBJJ:`8@C`F!
@
TB+W`AQL-I+4KM

.;D`C*

QBT$

M/JN(FY!%KF!$ZV!\`XX[



MKE473:8
)V(=%F6%$B-/5J&

M!9*T[M_SD


-2@67)':5B=&EX0#$YESVI_MN*M:^NZG:W?#K$YNP@+J.

T@):Z^J9%
M=NX?:W2T*Z^OX4_U&


[BTJ;


MU`

--OXH[1!950=)O8PL0:AT

MASS[O_:E?U'2?#Y/;[^D:8WOJKI
YO7




[6[_=\B[*ZRI*[;-F]
7L'7!0C
M0`
2YY25YFZ1B2B*86?;8






M4&W;6\/]6I5_R$+[\JC4_6Z8@62J:;ND-79CUZPH;0MGG]#N_PK3:U']#Y


?E<E*.;65/R&O2^=2D/]2+O=Q6.B1`@R3_!.(T3G@5KAHZVAB4
MIEN(Y`J/V]$'V<43QQYW-E5.^Z;QG/WEPMYW64(N;G+]]5=S?:;W7RYDKUZ








MFF^;CQS^'G9TRPP5


[A




_[X3R^UBOOJ?:KX93MH1R$`!4IS0
MF&/`

3N\;




L*%J

OAI15`<JR^0\G.<IAR3$E@O1HN2!*E7LF@NAXF=/;$
T/1LA*\[T5





7*&NQU





HSP=0K?($[]AT!LXU#8


M)3%6[3\.82`Z0CMY1+C`IN'VDIYG@M5L:P9J;`694.E055E2



P!8C1DC'`(.(%*P#J$T`D1JE^.49+[?N6


M*SV7
YB[/^I9#'F2%7$


MC*T3[5&+)?;PI5BBM*O$2CZ[7B%6



W1&'RW0

EO3
G



TRQ!

XA!`PQ
MG*%

9=79LJ1WT/LU111;_VB^W

M6#00

F


H*3%





N'\OMN
M,V_<LES/-S]:56ZDXN/CW?S[#&:$$TPQ`4(-&$#:D-$E,N;$GD9`8XUMR#
M79'LI-%BLJJ![


MLF]\FMP&D2[DE2]7^UWU

MR(YFW[K


MAO:`3Z8ECQ'^1W3`.-T-UE'4G1F^=JD/9
1:-JIVV5L5QR6KGY[J==ON;_/-



UBK_:\4SB9;3I5:U0)4I1HNQSIM&TU2$
M.5BC+JH
1::CBBB?T\Q=$A0UP:VFF^WW8JHO3H=)Q@G218CPFFS!D(\QWG?



A1^UT]YE+E!6@Q%14PI*A!$8)@!93A32GVH_WK/:J-7%T&'

F2G
-)4._DS)N12%/G^!J(J)!:\3$*9DJ



B2FF@HT.-$+TZ).*
5FHP%HA.ZZ&LK
-7UY
MV;392?IBL7_:K^3&]?%K.;


SB6H=







M2BBKIHL$:[`V%KYMK).2CK
M3&




M[=TVA/^5?R

M4B*CJ.!&$9

2P4!HOK-`0;3$_;EZ2'E





!Z1I!I9EVURN6[6U3W;5?0(H$*NA'D_32P:@R



!'FI8CL2`I(




O
M?]133[_QUJ!21F#X?L]PZ3_:[R<;=T<_%:H
[*=&%!%4WPB@ZAX\;RNGA13





9@JQ3L&WO`Z




%0
M

VO;%\6E4-`UTO1?WP-I28,*@]U]$!=$QLA


A
M3O2
0
4FTAEO:^BO#;`5UXM5MO&3^KU2[!ZU57$ZY@SB**F&*(\(+EO+.K




ZSG4N#,UO^QUJK,6)PLS]3

A-(.)/'62`:/Q

D;
M(CG7CEB3(:




M_/QT_6GOTJSS:;RZ:

M1D$-#]4`Z.JC^40IUBND
T#K+U=`








UN;,:_D9]L3$E*D=9G&
M`!0Y/[5+(P:


M:/]SM?F^GC^JV_]_6*P7S5_NS8O&%L.R0$Y9(GF6H]:\$]IFOAB
:3


`'[

M$W]2:K=^?U@]ZU\!)`L6[_QW8@C=8-^$D27S!_T0TH5!/4A'WH??D(J?L*

M
O6_3]6Y.&K[[2`-+C0
X#$T'N3
VENZG=ACBBK[1+:;XL9TYMA:!
&\QII7
_=!\GINM2.T?&JWCT7(@3?250L8ETC%#O7]ZFVD<$


VO53YGC&:V1E9W`


T



M(BD




!&1=_-HSOJB9
MS@JJ66:=
((PK




BQI

*P1/@U-_X]+)'X^L;

MZW]2R12H-$ITX]-+%8VO;UR

M];2F'+!$.YRS-CE.&L7903)W\==&`;:GFA
M2






MH7T:X]ON?%I;X7U?%@^_L19ZM';9G8I*S$M+LF2%;0UG-^%Y3+


8EGU]1


_BY2WB!I_5`VSN:8A.812)Y9O(S



M

M'O



?T4Y#`#FUG@^*B;$#O-W*]$^'1[51KM


M1.$FN)N0-1V
8<)LFD

2UU

MTIN43:B3/KI7HE4:'2I-]4Q!'1MN
0TI$^1#!FE#G0\+TH0M2,\RB69+@&

M/A%:BFLQ@1IH'F!:9SBM!JCUKH'Z_LJZ:]%:#.[
(B9`Y(3`F6B.E8B?$==*
$,[(I)GX=D9,KQ;G359-4366N]'\$D73Y<WS?)9.DM13

MU5J25C+)*FY.5Z)%&ASA34X)4B.0E!K2]PES+_[7


Q];3
M*+#87



M'.RC!$4.Q6X+
W1I('0HFUN;(;5;WG.7=[87F1%];H4_-KHU?6X-:5U3AF

9T3V'!9N$PR#'@8QB0
!Z#81E!C+#.`;O%H

M'*H.-^VO$*I
$B$4K


MO-.DR&_9!_I']7QFT`4$!Q0$?FQ[

MJJA


F
M*DJR%/)NKAEG3W1;38(XHQ5

MQRK=?TCK

`[%Y(O^#M*]JJ3
S2


1AV;3R/U6#(L
MFGW1O!
HN3T!138YMW=G(U)
6L4Y-+
9.T7/U
:J%EI7LN#5Y
SS#4^-%/'?
MGG]J:\CM^8A0&Q8.(X7V'UPK@W%@8N=(5NSTM9F%F19//_DO3Q29%YYM0D

MP*97=A`Y[/\@

M



_)+8/?9?$8]B+
MXX#W15-]!@U&HQ-&JWM9ZPG*\1&;_@S\0@&*E\BI8*6]
58R&@TX]CR(&:*.


RI2L([O^*4\6[W


MQ8
VSI8W;X='^;_OA<5DV^
M[KRSW99=5]LX`0X0)
/00)B)P0H]GN\.(2^MRFRAV:1=OX9OD26+D&+^H&
M[PNWN`?RY\8G-G](1^RBKRXMUYA\NKGN!E1X8/UI&NA=Y]5[J\D#75ECNQ9#
MUNAS61^J[)!773V


]_G]SZ;^;MT4XLUJ'KS8QZ$?T\`+D@`0


M


M%VFWDKYD-4.R/62[]M?PWVFU^U`UK_`ZOA.``-@(]_U_80F``]H7#:;$+OX
M9P2X:5C`[C=G68R5Y3%;VPBUIS$JMOSC/([UJ;:0V`O:=FFD-AOLCK$5@?9
NQ+B?YY%@KI0(WX,;$R&UYX9)0&RCNTCK;-<L#MC9HY_M?
MLG\=\SH_9#=9]3W?9IT77[)M^5T7VD=VE`7^0[`30(Y`X
01#;:.(-.]3




]T$
M.M2W8V(#




MA$0`
A

%?GNSRM\FPH9NT['DTUR$.)4X2HC`(
M46^2R9DM=)-7Q8YA71FA\91DUT\BG\;

\'1A/;H8'8E&J3%
ME5)_QQ/4I(]E
675A11AX!#;M0&-?1]`.
RH0//RNX@L*9HRK$P
W6\/RNJD


M$S9_'
QZ`:8)C9PDP5[
!-.F*!S-^BX4$2U56X95ZQR1K&8IT\DG6G
R*:9:



_B+S!;$#9FI1'NG39

`62






MLKIC@$
=RO

?



ME'V7V-!E
S;'=Y&#_I^Z:^UM'





M5$V@`LF%%[73_N.L9N*F6I?7N_)Y.R


;!Q*XZTV;@Z+Z72,=G8
M3)EH`SB8'







MO=_6FW)1?UE7?S7FNRLQMC.(BCA+(I830G






M_L?Y]U_G.SFZ3H!A5.0\A#RD##(61DD2ACTP@K#2A7_CH?$L(YT33;9[*]P(



M@.J0BU!_'-L%HQH:YI]
$_&:D&@9J94=JU.2*4M/WM
G%^2H;Z0O?B^7^U5Y





MQ


PBB8NHC$M




M8ZG;SE`24YAB'.4)HA0A#&O2'Q=U1K8U_[Z[XSTPV@YHCVUC1X
J!


_9?ZZ/0S6_MR;


6+.K



M:78G;M1NNY%FR-CN;O8;^DUPFE$Q'S`&0!K&..0IQH#VEN0UD3K!HL'G/4OT





HXRGAX6

?;&GD06--#LDO`:+)KDX/T0:+G1



MBP$A

94*_5B
X=7\7)(``I06&1*P*TPSEA?A3BD77R%`!HDQU^U?SJ_Y&5?<T

!8



M[
KXZ$GT#@KUK?E=AF@-

M[5`7.M




.2092J(X2C(!#C2
M98!QF=ZZ^Y1`'F.NHIR4WT3
MK


MV%#\79CV+O
-Q*##&-S+P%@LUQJPYFKOA'1M71^;;W



OJ
X==N.I#F*/AP^(D5.'Z61W/_

MOVWOER+E4[TI'^??9PF($\H#B7MVPR%J:T]R\/::8W_'X8M[R/^U-O98#P

M$]94NL7`3#D5B

M)WD4YH=0BQ2YYDI@XLZ
'H#


MR+2J9SS\S9'0S_8JU



0!)0F



M\!DQ!_2H)KH]

%@5MF`JHE(A!GV-YE?8P+T2XS*$^69



M@R:FB
UV]6Z^4DSW:GU92Y(.()1'U:/\%;LX1Y
IQ7RN-Y(T$[@7C6M40QHS
MMB8B&(;@WRTE
J-`*^7:'C[;7J_QTU.UJN3IBH?]YVVUK.8R2REPU(OFO^+U

88P[FSS#6*M$RLJ09X'NL5T%7R6Z9I27/;ZK8#WZ
MIM


*//(K&K0
S*INK'-





O=QE9Z[
MJ^6I[H_37_5QB9O5=%9L-Q(2(&$*D$H8SC



AT-!`

VD&_(123[



E







M-%0=0=2&$+4QC(W2(7H?X^PH[1@*A

M
\1SCA(I:`9Z7Q!!U!NU=1WP#VOH$];:.GM@M`^)1T%S[7B%YC)D('?BNN*P











M_IC`'`!(4XED!C!0
:IBA%B*ZL=`4I0*B(QNK_?HAN<4U'G^[X;U


MG'VHY-UC/%$T)0HJRE`.L**92FAG/
M$:G2$PXU%W]
5M7=VW!HJI1&]1E31
MCF&-@\VIM

ME4FN8P1RWJS3BCBX.'VO)=D;5^659DU@*:561C:&=9D;6NA42Q0VII5&1#
M=0Z+7


1A[R0=$4

MCI0:5'3:(H&QT6UL!PCI04#SJK=`3UD/252Y@G($A0CK'@&9I[ZX!Q:4?(





8YQS1`7E#.6=.1@3)DVN

OQXUG:_^/ET\%6M1K.;?IYOY
M]V+-IE4WNRT^/Q3%IAYYU9/P[-?S7ZCGZ.OY^)O*%OOU6S&[GR_O1;&N*I;F




_UX\
M?BU6$R%QIGBL@%!28IB#'



M'379*JBYI.I?/


S8VO`]2].[];PCP'::QE9$S8F:

U^;8[-U@Q4
Q#J#`[C]8R-$UE



MZ_GB\X_IM]ID9[PSB3.6(003EBHJDAQ`)OO-L$QQJ#6P=6''^S:HQKVH\B]J
M'(PJ#Z/.11OD#-;U-+?'E-2




V&
H
M:+#T
8WC)'^LA#'8;=8:*F9TW=E^/FC4E5J4P!QCF


W0Y$-C33K:3JAW=V.9.\T#H


54-Z2E0B%4:YD&DN0)KWICP(1Q-K_OF6E7
MY2;RQ34K.?4XYEM)
VXY$M$+N_8H=8150W0-A$V#0BC==3-#]NR[=:









#*%WU$L-:[WKS4*RZ)U?I


MC:*A&7

MDSB/$\#BF






5B_


LY%E6&V0Z?1$*
[NXV^%G/0Y+7G_+;DJKZ
MH&7'6D.NFHBGATI/NAF.&XI-=+FL\E+1

M^K2I'ZJO);RJ/K?Z*N=RL6@/;5=M5:SMU@_M



MT.4VIH/K@


M/6-OZ\@HZ#/0V@G^_






KNR;8!HQ[D]CEYF[#V;

90
MZX)
US8]D[=WL[Z$H#[RU7H:M:Y&7QIGH]K;J''7]*I?9\KK%=CG$-T
W^[T
M]E(':PIXI



M.\!M=#QD9Y9H7OJHPKWR-X:9-!XH8Q/&E




7/H
M#FC6((V:](81[YVS1N-\0




N

!EF_.X

8''`.$#`$2:*%S:DJ^M0K+:6!Z2R.[1$S50]XMPNJ



B')?(U%)[6




90T1QN[!8






UH^:UPL!






.=G]IXT99FQ\0Q5DYM
MD!C




Q]TXVJ;/U1DQL@(*R-&0:PA+T%;H73A1D!GTVL+CT:CZJJ+R^O
&TI4BP+-D_(KO)X8[J_+F[W?5MW]T?FQ&.]T?#@<Z.U]?Z+<!1)RYOX8@


%D7OKSWSLM7T//B;26WT05\'!]^RM'WZ_ME+D-J^S

M^/U$__0@8B+]TP=Q%1QUS[+BY@:!:\JYI!@JR^K$G$M-`.#=UR6P6OO4$!T_




U*(W81^RM'U2P31`GO^-!$Y
M**=VD9PI_!-)
_H]Y-J;6%OBCW)THJO'8'8BW3:**S]M









M-!*=Y?-#N;RK!UM[V\Y78G&KYZO'JOOC;L5_[X4;0.N!K;$***XD+I#A%!`L
MH:&2
*]CJ$F@I!XOG4/S]??+JXNKC\Z+M?*!7G;I(Z`;K]I+4#_&[_8
UF




MQF



M-:&%QK`0K

S0)=
/9%?_J:[\JT

M`_-4ZFY-KD&-1:;(Y[G/1BHF=-X/RV
PSO6_SOLL:#=5OXW3H1+N:)PW1:

X!&.$9RLQFSA`ZXAVQ3QFSQNOM?Y9#&[5T^K=?70+-\L;IMMZNT=


M'
V.0*#G4#2(NS1CQY?).37P&TCG1%1HL!N'0ZXHM`Q1GNZ)96-A+@VD]8A
M
$



;7\6*W+%?Y[0;%^*G.0
MYYU!HJ!`'&#,4#W-TXH:F7<&%2JP4W5HN)746M.RUIT60OOO[(:8-8@]-6=

Z)#0DR6WH6`Z





7Q1G'\K^^65
M6HT+@CC,5:&$)`S`KBQ'F$4B2B*[D83B^+GQ7I^GUH1/2B.HHAIV$V@B#70



KWHXJNIYL!E#]=(0&5_U:IS3

M71W/:GKE(W&5SX?1*-J7B




GC1RT-X/N_ZS7):SK_4GHLF:#ZU#4T@B1J-GD`9G

M.+)
`*NM$A#CSC3AD$9:QGWESAO?'HL;^9?Y^5M]M@6S7WD*_G#V4T3?.@
M=FCR2
GBJN!I4G?(G<O*)(L`EYSP1

NM3]7E6


MF-G_T:#





A\R


&B
9'['D

M:OQ*?*FU?W:SOB98&UIK/13U;XC&`C%+L(2FT7Q/42YN#O)^RX6TC9!E/V
.7JKK]:WY_OQ4YH'





XH3+O'L3S)`
J
M.4?]MUO.-D]OR0?MJ[D:+AN68.QZ2[$^4W.4E9SRFS\.9!-]WP621T88L#05
M1IJYXX]JN5I-0)HG

QC'+/^(5F


MYJW`


3?V@`I%CPA-:5




66U9=NP#LUV'F!O3+#




IRCGF:S5=K.[:4P1D]K\/



M'
4Y(:G

X0`CW.6`%H0R1D9=!/*TJ



LS2GG!59D3%



M



MS[J$4RS51OIR6'WFSHUJF;_!%;7`HAUD/L=

&;.T$82*



M.(



MID(2'RVO#](7NWP&)R&6S3UPN\V^FS6$H)&LY:(Y
]!#K&&)7XV



M

M%OUN`FD


(@IH!R?'
-.LX
UB




M
4+]9\BO^6HBA!%0AE&,<,D1U!`T#V$8)Q)
M%051^\V656#SBC=HHK\;/*H)7-%-PY*P/0^I)5(%YUC)@<_\<"/Z?DKD%RD
M7YI(F14*U+M5/4$;S'[7
?8Q^E]R9?WT_EB(CA
99Y+!$21%8F
P?0C#)AGPZ3OF76EQ];-^`#1B=-*/A((4ONEEUE%X:^;A<O/_6
M72Y5\]V@C[*]M/B5?*'OF0#RPPCP2Q/!87H=X;4]<-\45ZLR_O5)
5)D0J0
MTZ2@'-$LJQ?]:1)QLVN&HR'8WLO:\`NQY%-CL:6J#7&^/*`38-+2:X)5)1


8(8(@3U:CIC:1^S\0+2M+@_W]]/JL=E.7[4%VK)%


MSP9B5$E\+\T9G`


M7V5U/5^5GZOY=3F1*4$RY0R)C&4YRXL
%SW\FFGH5;Y&(0].U-Y%O3WOIQN#
MHK*S*/K1F!35



G/^H_\/UZF+QN96=/ZKE:C7!
F<WOXL:AI8Z+A3/1KE`L,:]5X.AQ<%=F+]:TQC(O

M2%RGOOH/72WMWR$QCUPE

MI59NRM@+K%-161^N
7:OQC9]PU6Y.;YQL5H]E#/^4-4MZP9*BWJU^XVD'LUL
M`HC
:)YQD!4D3G`2Q[0_`LZPB





:HT*#(X

=UDVB72


63[
C






<AK:9[/PJT&PQ85?F^$6DK'ZB+#[_VZ;3?:
OIO/HVO7LHR6KU

M_EROA6I&3TBJ&(I+7*R'CJ++V5V6@Q^';?\EK]%O[9SDF&0@SS'%.8YQ##B*




'CMCBE.4)S&F*NMG;(YH

T?3!N\J^KM!

M+)R





X2
MP1G%@2B#QE/7Y$@)PLRMOIYL+?L3(E..R#]`)O].(W

,^A5M@U._IPVN$S6UZWOZP%<9YA],S$
M4P^G%U5E34Q;*B8`%&VAZ)JI/75@L,'BN<P+UR_+P-_R0(NTXU4HDP`((J%`
MD(`$UJD?16:%R2!0U:93L\JRZM

BL.K0;6B=4/DX?K7IU`
U


M40P3EDHND@3FDK.D;PIR41#4KWSZWIM5A*VQZ*FU^;HY
Q?
YJDJN;[W1FVP
M&G@]NC'Y#


*!%2G.9B68D'LZ$U!CGL*)J!#A
MNSD4U54D-SV\8*H*#;Y]UPV6.`Z\



D#V/EP*A);I8-MB)]+BL'9L
J

/@L*LQ&ZUNI-PQ[S74I8H/T`*J4EV/LTAP33*5D


LNM7

SNYWJ#/0IQ9J$;XH+MOVU_^9SE=U45__'_N;NVW<9Q






MBQO(LU
[R:
^J


ME6WU6I!A_P[E+$_MV


M(DB@%ITYR\^(X

MSKD&RF(1IC
PJP


M`NHW_'MKB\ZX;^40Y(_-GW13QV?OHBPID5E3A(SHC)R1!JB,I))-J?+5Z5
M.0C9*=^4)B!R;1##(
Q!#D&

Z-8
K6689A6@Z4CDG

479?-0SE22Q74ZX7:^+]NUN


;NL.A%O2!I4'?'LJ?FQ03\=?,3R(GSP#VF8Z=.5D8
MP\C=QTRC`-D\GD\JD&;'MROX]YWCW^H[[V<)D^.2#:+-QF'?&^2=[!N=EKU
M9GW?_TD06A3BU$L;QN@:L7)*6#;$R*G)I='P&/(N8

VL5CMC_?-?.B`$*;(
MM[
X\%#JYGD?(X`)W_HSG@_6O7R
8K'^518M[VHO+GK8U$8;
[S#1TI*?RN*
M


M&J1-3!R.62E;6(FBE.ZJ

M
C2SB=]$#/
IWA$H@S3N/%4CPJ:`7T/43$4FC?*'CU.W;NM7K))-^_8QGALZ
MM@TR%`O1`&`(3:*?3SL(

MIA']D6;6$/61SZ-1_
AQ%`7)LHHOU6NYV*T2_1@1!F$$'`_E*`-Y%/N9@\/M
M(X(
9BS:HR#

M_.BL]1/*K-O_:)K%CVJU`O7B%MN#^JEZ7)6G$3@PCY
*'/=W6,<!#MY1FR\+`



MR2S$?W;EW1)UFVI=;




M'X'

M;EUD;D2^U+%NB(HI3.C3_B^U5+$?[M&T9?54PVW;EC6.U^(A83$G`
@E)?3+
M%1T^?A+9-

70Z

*D/IU2IYXR]MKO]K$K_[W%;@N]'LZ!^23(;+=!/@A
M2OTH\@/'=^T^N.

^0CD/D0HC3
D!_F


MTPO4KE_MX



MU12%4I#))1

M5&^JS5OWSW+SK5B5W2P-(BR2OI.YH1.A(`-Y`/:08.C83*6K*7!H5K8=?.MN
M:0T)6$


MC]



\\QYQ-?X[5;4UN2^HV=#_^
M;4T6_E6+JB`7B6%GZG@H#O/$#H

M=[+KW9_0
??TX8BWJL;_#5C)E]T16KG!'@






\DBDB@8Q52V5Y'9)










M!C_J%1ZL[L4^]?T@=WP[`!%*H]3V_#3N`R=!ZLG77OCB:2^T#//\;;FBQ15L




M;QN7
%N-/-[+?T,RUBM@V11?'1_'D5X1:=UDC%&HR7'MB%ZICA$9NE@BHI
ME_4^





9XQ*)\NX@5HGG=*(VJFABVDR[X^JKM;;]?]5F^?G9K7`@]F'



M%O@9QJ.

N9KG+2+J=/ID[E0:66H+;F

MC1,O#FZ'#G.9:[M6L:))8G!BWX9I0^M?#[F[M$$WYX$BZ(59#!!\4I@N5F



W6

M=/


5$V/YA$?E0:S;#DZ/
M7FVGI(;M.,H,C]<X]KTD3GT2^C(*0XB2'OC!%&O&Z^TD*QI-V-5?;3V`
V





URV+M8[_E$\-GWZ;%G^^O/\WV6%-_/M%OVYWLYP2+RT
MMHS-$'(]SPO#L($+$LD:S0
&G2GB2W*#\T

MMB0U5




*4PR.`X(\DD%1`I+AUB`*O$3MFB%]*Y9UK#TYU+2

86W6B&X2-`5:1I/JB.:9



M



MF'DXAC&E`28]H-@/I.J;[:.8)M@\K$`#7_QP[`X+X!P`=0^@,X)(+SH9W]
M'QHB::G5Y
/3[1M


=YX6AT9128\.2W`
T6.^A1:I!2/)9GO^
QK



[)I;_-:K-5^B[0FAVK]O[F




$&(HB#$





K^=


`+DQ([.7I$/;A?TFJRW@






*:LT]N?H#0S2.G43/

OK9

MEC(T1)D8

MM

40PR/PKSM)Z5X)RE7D`Q8IW5)
V150C#1E

M6NF(JOGPIN&S6WE\8Y[^*7[D




Q)&
0RP3X

M




M`I@E06_.Y#:BXZ:-BR+Z1&L_NDHDZ

Z6-/C9N$?#CNN#W._ZRG1&


\G2884=4
MZIG;T49LYYLUDNZL:_



M






)@-UWDU+Y;;
M$R@1I2Q)/1K#F$4IBGWF#[4#T)/;CK=IWY7`W(*WJ^AZ#60D`%MO&TM1U]UF
M

L9SK(PSCQ/'%I-$IC'+%AWAP$GMJBIYZ-:58Z'U:@!P?NS#`



M

M!*;KG6`F
T*B=DK[0!_K^J:ZVI9=2J7#MY7OX-ASD]2)8X23*
\0'MN$89#&


MNS
Q6MU.()OM


ZJG4QQGEW=U

M*RC3+
M


M-XZ3)`H#/_5Q`AU$D`\'!&F40Q.93L'LS#GN%#'H(!N24Y40Z&4UR^R;S6?+
M(MY
!K


MYY,DRARD._&#DS0F##I\V:LRT`;R2+Z#TZ\`-0-B_)J*'P&VA8FC9R-AH:?
M+F@&^R`F#9[-#@FM(!IIGWB+2M7&F





X\[-S+#_6ZN2O!
M?;ECLG1'!8GC!E\Y5
P`@[V?V6SB:VX.:-!81$
D/TB-E1I`-F)O%=0-X#

ML?U07[/Q#LLOI&K7VZ8][

MNS;UFFL=;N2`[



M4B\49O1SLBC(J:IT`&;1SW/D::BJD9C\)%IKQE=)!39(L+`NOV:3-'=%5:](
MF
-V1J<FWM<






(=8_4L%++1N\GEFII5PUHM1J]
M5L7Z4[GO-J!^;%I:[^
\BUT*AT))889I-G$H



M3]?KYE#OJ_KF8M?4S6'-3X1HQ]V%21#@G`X*










M2UJZ;CJPE\6/LEU%+LXA1#!#V$O\/
C``W&,_K1JBYOG8PH7CJ
F-82)N2










G8EUM8&I.?9%!@[BU+PR5+#`[0(&!S:\
M:JP^D$:NIETEB9

MRQ_L[V?V#AKE4;QRSZ%DBU=KUSNH@K5

'-T+D3.##C6VGDS9KM0[MCSR+RZDGZ_[G87U#6:O
M\2JD=M(TC@



W=B//P7Z`2)#G43H8SW/B8[760@.&IRG*^K
+JIJO)[_K%IM_^8VM

&6XG(0EYD


MS&1TQ
8D


179.=[H7
$.SI\Q^:^.
G]?&



M8'8B_.(D




V+L
`)<70',]B
M:C@+Q7)R.'3:GV($`TAP==@#A



\S)+D1T
M2'@-.<_PB

E0I*4N&Y$4N([






M7O7[E04#?9X6L%1@P(G&Y*
C.S)G'K)JA3U%7ZKV;_1`;:]O[XK=W^F/JETA


TIA0)5LQ$[]EZY'MZ3JJ]#^!YP
MC.!KAU*FG#;#KGAE/3G+:D6V&;9%2FX10EZIOHURN8!W*P_C:6'3K):ZZB
MR-D2=&\HAFZ4^:'G.7%$Z`B`.!#WAM(X\*7.@Y#_=MLS)-W]+!R1K!YI496
M4=EE2W)1(XH*R73

SEYJC@B

MJ;H]Y]GVG:QA-4=CEM
81BC
DS`D((
A&X=)

0C4*\P0]9Q





M]1H-(Y
04ARVX_(+O5$

T$CVY&L$Z(T-=+L0QY
J\O)E
MBF%Q`3L#TVH29H9Q$0D3H^2`B!GFTP$9
VU1;6WRR31;7^++JWKQRV(8:M-O




:$L]G$.4)P02K(\8











M7A9Z[[[UBZ]=\/JQ2MLYRLG)E'XQEG&\9=HYP13NL9XH-=QD4;4/L&97@V

$Z(%*[FX8H5IL^V)JEN4T
MWP#!5C8?!%@[LKM@DG-'M@^

M`9(F208@IBD+`0:
YN
-6Q&+0X4

MD_$'MEZMFW)?O7]YN;@JOZY8M;POYK^6?+.`A8C`B&:A3V`&:92&8^D_@H@2


MHD/XW]7JTT-3_%'



#Z[!I_.+`^FPB0^NII[R14(O+9E4]5N7#
MA_+A?^M%.:

AXP
M$GDLD6\I^#C!N]$09(E_RU%(R`^&`M&6(?58I
#RVPA'*H;)121EZH2WM
36
M8S.
@G;-E4*`24(@R0!)QS/Z

M7


.M;J'

OI%667MYVTRJ:1]CP@**PND\I
MLCWD3ES[Y/,EZK%)TY5$5)7B8^)KVVNN+%U.U^+\C3$RO3HETU3/MP67[L'

M'1$V


MG@W7*$KCF;UB0$'Y/V]^
-APX8U6=
GI:$=_B_S&DG.KK3SW
J)LT;.N:K=-



M^U2.





)?S2W_3[PG#L5[
M^+YE6+L**D:C:KW3.(


M]YM(_

$M!AMAV\1X!-%N43_S.ZEN-_$9A6*$O*NN_

M!CFFK0I0%5X:-I)_2`.D%8(#*`Y?#/2_D6PKX0=8I!WS1K!D(^9[%^]#9S
X)E98UAR5+GR1-\3K6KA$')`I3D$:4TA`'(,A\?P2*53M0#



P:
$](9$W1*-OE-D+X=JSE`64Y(33#D
4Y

DQ!2@*Z





M=5\$R;Y'XY@?Y31&/O5)$J&4D`#3_M$X3'*62%VZ:`N#9;5_G3=)RK8UYL44
MVP72)5-]48%VX^U

7$^GR?D)+ES0@?TPMN!ZO58+QQ18BDVC^BO
M':\XHKJ6C*NGF-@2Q5'^3$13?N*O0GPI+Q?W]7/);^OM5&(6X#S
82OF64(3



M#]
@B!
4091!-

7NAW:;:\


MT2@6[:BKB*DD9^/__H&4*
N.+0
@`$+N^[)KQ[9X[KF7YUR`ER16!1=#!Z4J

M:@MQ7TD


MG$A2/:Q/$XEDTIGD4PX\7UU^6+)_ZDCYYVQ/2VJ+W#B5D&ZW8U.F_^ASK!E+



U7X.YN





M6PFDY747;7+1[






5^$K@!;B`MU`M#
`O

/AR;F0`F^WK_K`
OWJX/[2=D3Q]Y+&\080



&'@[]4D4MH'XH$^\
79RZ@%N5%<4R()@(1`O*<L+R`?<14EPI);&#]CT^YOV^MS.

4OUHFZYH\5DV$-LHH

=1FV.FQG,)-@R7!(,PFL
MX7J6(;SL)+[^71R'+/3$+




M.
7N;9CT)6&%]7*]W#4__;S\UGV$23DD;X(G443;T+6OD%=H=$XT!-W4=4W+
ME-NZIS\X3)N\G]]UGS'CB!?:CPDE@)$*(1W




*IC*$L@6:V8!-/M$8R&'KR9&1!FN_GW;'7`..54





HN.[9N@






M?9ISP2%6&!42$JQ*CE0!*D)JP!BO*P*8S9VKOH\=^![4`6ZPY_\'RXF9T4R9


MK+WMUP0G@61GWNH^6JYC)=9
Q1/








Y/B/C$1.8B++'C+B=[&P)H?_MIML!9KO=9OGI

AD0JH+/*!Y@H0I4LUW;3?[[TY016*R4_PC;6%4^=G^2
MM6?T?_58_U

M0G))AKY5U+3
@FE]5^8EM)E<^UBQD4A*52J%*7(D6(,,UA`6JBB++!

[9?1
Y',6QM5#&HM==(D\09O<0L]_V(<4
MQC/4F4FB#^[3$T





MD/T0P@AE#IJX\6-%

M7Q




)O`B6[_QM(%*SE2V
;.']X''6Y!Y5UJ*Q%Q98Q4SD)2):3D!CSY$T_



MNQ[SX[3@_28L@&4=0-B29=I^Q&.*:?FPY0D;YW'@_C/]AUN36@$Z/@_]!S
MC*'!2!V&:S(?]9_





M2

0+N)*6T(:XAS$RHRC@X''=G+



M!-Z.K0CK:Q7O;S^MEE?UJIWO9@0I(KDL!1&

M]HBR'I+U50HKHDRO483BR.D*A1D]WJY/G







M:






M44KB_?7+JR3'E@20`

3`MF6AQ'(8FOH:?=AH-C7


MP2HD?B!R1F



M-;W40K41K93D[HQ
ZF9_)`JIW:W4[*!5U

__?Y=LXD:LX^S7
M39IE

3Y5T^S+;9C(3IMQWN4M=XEFAS6S;H\4E1;[EH4!ZETGQ




[K80`%4ZNJC4(Q7HDWZ
&RA/_+JL`/
M#@Z`J/3@GRK??@EJIP`N](+L,K=4SCS09/KO0?3=34
NP^7.)$N'`=K@8\











5=<`GF`#OXLP(,2?=\[U?*\GBD.#01G))6?<]2XR-;H6;[=1=M

?



M?WUS%HD(*_]VA
)`0)OFEIVZM







AEI<()M_RS)8])2_UG0318SQSJ55THA8\



VYIG$8%M
:_O]DH'0`O/&@O.#SV(?R

CREH:@+]WQ@O^2I^3'%K5^R;CY_




MOWV^Q9_9==&!#M^RHB_=]+?)YX?\WP^`_Q_E=U-PQ^_!PV_XG@/\:?+Y=OKP



VIL7_.7(:




M
8

H

@]J6*Z28;+-FL?=;



@T&E\D7]YK%IV8#@*
]&=9Y=
MQ5D&HJ.G.QKNZ98A\NP$1&


!A32$/A30
MQPZT7




'$0
R[

A.'E.4=I7IZEHF%

&C,==4)$V,6VC1WD8N1[+G0@KQHO
M88@LM6;E;6T8%M@EJ)\MF9+3A_[($I-``M$QSWO!NQG=X*<

M-U*]HTQ181[F3_%BMXHGR_NX/#US%VVVK]--M

M5F8X2G*Z-WR`U%317&R






D5O1'=.%5T(5\H5YRBYERTT#FF
M;*''H8_2A4:JU//%?%/\M/C(M(`^\D(681L09V06K:_-^VY4BU3=-KK.6?4


EH\X?NGE#B;M2


=:1N&.CP]8:UMD(%#K`T
M#?J/O3TQYCM2
X(AW]6#5-LX43P*?.)LV\W^6H_`(2)_R')+%'DVAI;`L+%K
M^6K-$SH;
_PPG#PXVN8V'WT
GR](!B%7K3KIRJN1([B7^/I`J[13/9*#M?K\

M$6Y$!V4)/*.'VF


M3)N##_D3%G^+5I.7HC!I$.#%(BE^CE;%GV2ST!+%48MBHA7D3RS!4-`!(0
MZ057O59[.021_\?G

!`#A1
1O=/?YES$S\-\
MBT







TQ@F6&=R0MT4\2Y6.T;!MT[%*#6ZBDY^S
MY[UMAGIG@;)E#;N:B-V#.$S2+
%VHG&*]*XHGFW^$]$_ZV'5;E];P*3R?*?.


M


M5YWIVGL74=_6N':E7\4C];R[3I*1?QG(

M(AID'
;+BIL%+




W=P$&5ENGX
S$
M%@`0H+7/`[XNM=IXIJ.T^B&\%%I#'!=%=6FVRDIHM2ZKE@S(M9YB4\YX('
M
0YC
B31'L]\H
C'CZ2PJX&I]J5-V0H`]
65K=L=+3U:

A'@]408]!654-3CK6U]0X5?1<H;U7MG,!4JY&.R!&FNQW044FL#7U

^G'
&*%!0H]+3B+*@_F^

M^;C;;XO%?HXQDTD$HT'*/


M-+MHVBT#'XLE6I8?Y5^L5^@OP2S`/BKVB
E_U1Z8'*0SU/2+=E.!_'

M6?OGP=U//3FAOYX!F+?85'JHE5AN'FJB#4BYO[[9[.6;6TE;G4Q(B_S/Q?JP


M=\I]^.1EGR\

M8SBPQ88SLS_)V/LD)X\(CQC+

+YFQ8

M(_USB%0-HA-=ND+HBC#9X#H19;(22FW_M=/0IGKSL*\7O_VS6!^:KQMP'.`T

S.`AF<73\


6G6?0Q51=AHK+J2/@

PWB^6F
%B_J!6-NRV!VV7\_T
MC;$PRK.



#[/H9ET;8UASXNRT_E9N=[%QOVA/MWM:[


M:E'MYR+)\H2*

MQ

S0
BQE16LS


*DXIQCS-

^$D81DF)$YH2


^C-$_]


MAR[='/?\L\RXT;?^RG[]U'R%HK3']^Y-J387GF@KPN;


M$BKB)`G2&


X



?AV)=K:IR^7Y;]S\C32]H/\N;)SG/

MOAO(IL



DEE[&O(H"EE.?%I3%.8^9')%.^


M26


[4UGH
=/]]8#]4*?EUI-U2DJF+S*#FIACZG<:7LJ0UN(O5-??]K2V\0($LC<IQ9

)XXG`D1_[2921N+E/K[
7RI^JIFI&1APK2.\;

MCMKRFP2I=Y:;JMX^E(N#M-BGE%6YZPWF(B$DS@122`BX9$HCSJ#W&-^FN7



M)KJA2@VN'`Z`&6G'35;.U:/S0%$_@/@FJ#0*YHB!8


526W]I0+(


@KH$IQFVG<G9O#4
MSB4[PW0.Q!2OCV+^4;*IDMH0FF:=@BOI&9F.)0$M[]Y0#3'$1U/=#DWF5
O
MBZ)(6LEYF.5QE


-1






M+/!GUSF\^[BN'KO._,+^:^EP8)SH


MU)M;??ULZLVNM^0&;?[_L=;^*LMU#IA?6.&[9^M.8%'PKN'7T^ADH&^+5L5A

MKQ_P)M&.)0$@`

MV.NAIL6*[V:*NYH?2.FA2*OUI^5S
]G[]NF)2\SUVSPO0`I)`@*8!`F!*($P


;I87Y96L
_L-^8R
MJ0-[C=E4K^?_1

B2A#0+A$8DZ5[3\-Z@$;

MEC:=`W(YDM:%MIDW.L3@NY!_U6T`1]*RVM5Z_5*'$=@4ICOP$%[6ZW+5=^_V

M.SOM03=\POMY?NPHMLV;PF6UY+AD]6Z_NROVBSRFV




[[3/87-A9

:'!4]H7
MM9V];$7U.EF]NO(&:=NG!Z2/D;J0%SU7S@#ZQ'2E(MZ&SIYB^%T\C&HV@2-Q





ML]E!W?!-HJNQ





ULF
4!HJJ:9
MPFH7X))D-AW`.\QN6M038#A]



Z553.
M$)YQD!U@/?


M%\*&$EB.Q`DUV6L-WJ(8?I'GT&@BQ(TI1EA`0Q)HA&_2IQ[$.AZE[%'VTO
M&LB]Z*Z*E%Q$

4T@#*(4JBR`=9A(;%
M8.1+/72KMH+A(#*NSVOCB6(@481/+)B81TXNHB`9B2FO(G+A;@R#4='8LM$
M)6J=KB73Z%3N5MNBB6/+[?.'IC)O]U#?[[\7V_SIQZ9^+HI=OWCB1XCZ$:8^
MB&










J5NKMXJN=8

MF&5IDB4(8(I03`D;5HTC(GQ3H6$IXV=3+N&DSZ01?$4.J5:AE3VG]JAVXO59
M

LR
M[0K%FM7;3]S#OB]W!7GF?WDJMJT@W^L-QY-_UX=M^?A85K?5^M`4\G-68BD-
M0Q\2A!D+HX@D01X
(N4!%N8'TW*8/B$/.[I6?N^QWG+:Z#1H9J4^MCITE-(K

XA#MD-

OJU6Y@P?PXBB*0A'S]

V







=2L+\/)*YK)I/2L
GGT$QK]?L

MA)6

`9DF4H!#$:.@43'R?

=
!-9X



2ZAN

M80M'PJ01U6KSKFRK\_65@



G'7
M/O_^\'U9]5K]T::G7JC$EN6VTR9/0TA1&@7



_AC1`(`1Y3O(D
*2EQ&G/-*^P<UNTXQ'PG=#5?<(N5KYG*X'%\

!W&))V=&
MXBVB=
$XSN6E%S&F/F/-T)
9@.]]PX(<C)3/15H=UG4<6
X'LY;T@:


D;0WU;7-HQ4K_C!8^X-\P2]@TXZV]/28P
MLT87Q@QNGDK:7_HQ/QW;@47:(12&H0AS9(X(#3RATF%+(`Q-9WU5Y')Z11&

M&ON(Y@F!4123(!SR)(R`0.BYB9E%=']OVO6ZO/$&3Q/6O$%1&^
K-3C$91Y[


C4KCO

?U[
MGFVJ$04=XTUU&T5H[_.Y:%Y97_'S8;O\Y^)'_SI[^[0


MBKPTDU@#?1J=N(JW
J]8PUT/N:CCKT`PE[`18QDMZ+I'-7K4.L\W&F$3(IU/
M]9[_Y'*Y:8]+#S7I+K.*=5JMNWGP#W7^=[$Z[
N?Q:Y](.)SL2F6Q?UC]W0$


&8UUG
[?M)




ML&A0HS







5C6TW8*S?WPZ_S9E\30;EU4Z'I@/




/N7&S3O6]6
M6WK





:#K







M'P.MQKPVI'X@5NGXVOJ_F8T'C;!6-^\#2EO5;J3J`UA+!6XB\@/KWM2S8G..

AMF:=&TY=^EBUU!

MW:);AWY@']NTN9;)2\;^7ML.Z6O

2
MGY2GUVEZ=U;S<&9&5;GX9,K5:0#F-77^,O\XF:]`E1?I8SVMV'ABCG]Y)24K
M!Z.\/I?ZW0J06R_K^!]RQX3'81<12Q0@20ABZ6$0BWDPS413?)9MAE6#$[R
MPH9)OWX`'T[L-[-M^_






KCZ.;?A0'X4^MS9Z/96_&M]G13ZN=S/2D8T[+
I/


D$#K*)1$0ADQ)/A@H[CV#1
M

*0H$U8



2Q$)Q!&2





M(B8C#FV*9?BG!




M)`]%3'4D8A6#QN3L\$]2]:MX
M7Y)U


M`#]RW47`\%0:\?7;\QJBSXUT:D-.Z(,Q!P*%B((A$*%G#%(PV0ZV'Z`QQ`
M=A:#^A3X3@QK!J\QZGS1+@$

U[0V02H@'&L(BYI3$#X



M%!*(AT$
)`AH#HB.`@I.8*R!KWI?2M)[F):^6KNS7BR\O;SZR8)!II@0@D5
M4``J=``+X8Q@)'KP:/.)0WN37&9OR=+V%*2.UG8


).
:*AW(`IFF:4\KL_Q\=!U1CF@L@B[CC[
MD?INZB9
\Z;AAD7RO]N\_:8R0V9G__3:_%::J\GH/+O:=--KFVX3+GG$@;1I
NJ
M2&W98T(HUH$&7`JD%)'0IH=1*!@)4&2_%WG6O#OMMK<K]QW89.+=X[/ZBJ9





YS'
WN.NT_?F+XLTYWOZL/3E\[O+=^1$33`2C2%1*(R
M@`@:\2



@J?G7$.P(`!(#BR&8<
I8ZA7

VLI[=]9M8J<W?;EK79ZA/9QLQO7]<?AS/7X-4W8\5`\VK[+&8A.M




MV_9Y\;BS6WWSYR4*AHHC+22














&FR@L5%VR2N16.K^.V-5<






M2_UN'=Y^=?:2V57:5%WOG+&!1X*6
$F59[&L?$]4=)@
]H6*')0V?WZ3#/I&


:D8$=4%4XX3`
$U1&-4
YS/])UD_68W1]W/
MYP\5





!JV@*:?][`NQ)]WRN`]C'LA3F3^^EJ!\WQ

NC)@



(!9++MU99KAVF]T[L?)LJSS_'TZEC!=+AEA22E-
M5-YJ+X``J.1(<B4@87[QQ`-'J.=^[/Y8/_=`[=8*K="8X!T5Q1:SGW%2X\

$

(@&'5)1.R
M+^H










EC=)



MP/M1
R




MI



.8U!4\OY@
MAVTPAHT@!=-%5*)?L5PKY1O$XK3QV4)2FGQDRQDX$,BL;!S`!B13#0H%?%.

O#9<1SZ4DMIN&[?B.AZ?4IGML?7:Q8):6F9R]CQ2TP[2HU#M6
M
:Z

!#CE0-OT/T:IKTXFA$6%N1KX'D8P
M4!&^`:5KN$/78P\+)GGR72!2S0CGW+HR%]!.=@2S



M2V)@3'[4VFI.ZM&$U_AD0;2
C!NG#'$Z1BG*)-H[=-');`L^H*):0^%YEX*Y



KDNGO?%\!+'X#DZC0C)_T-I/4WH
M[7D'+.]%?9^VMR;4*Z+W`U\E?R/%4:H:!*$+VT4-980:@09:!RKUFPMWZD

D6<<CPM\M


76;+K0P3H$(
MQJ2^$R


)X)!*YB+Y:-3/K
M9:XN\/KGD3M=^#Y=_KX8DS8
05Y/]*:?TIA_*]V=5RNSS9IQ1^II'GZP8))9

SMD(H)
M/_Y.X_




0\``Y0S!6U@$L&(*OEA
H6


G(;]PUR<$V]N1OHU=C2VW)










AW1??_P

[+3]I%)\:%^($KI[BF1$'*-?=$

8`V(
8`!9RR3!TN/3

M6;NC?B9(B)R2R'








M]8Q^A['6

MH^SNTTU/9=?'=\4I.9&4(*@%EI`;ABPML9.9?=6//:F38LSD4VNMU);





KDA.G-CN9G
/Q`WSD&Q!!MN5\LOU6KS/97#2A5\DB_V












MMG_:&3Y!L%I%-.75(.E;.(U3(P)W



PI1]02Q#FTZJ:
MK)]6WULM)V\?#NF^7\M4]Q(IR)!75



]8OF%6R=.WM%LS':C.[FW1N

1![SD^
M2)/





8?

M:@E=-/FNAT4];H&]X5DX[.5VLKI9;7&8;N]
;ZO5'X\1O':1
.^-#B;50N$`


B$+%
&XK\


)%N5X%OA@5.#89*





@J3+5




%U[_


/


MC+<$J*6)A@=3W#NA#`%8H5HL
MA;-K8(XPGVU`+@T/_&6MLGWOU10<]*:I9I:=UO3XR@S'IE(&(,,2*IES4R
MA)C<^
X6W9&7!.LA-<H`$CTR0R'GZ/!]0H!0

M*]UQ(T?2[[(/

/[`/8/3X\!V]5C&[O87PE9RK*%5J4
'65[GWY)22F[#J52

]!_RG_&6[9

MG8#2V^K3^LMR.IF.=D:]NK\/%E
@W4E2L
5TA?%8


M+\B!^PCP+IR$#9
51&'+C=9`^F@T1XA72,H$[ER`'F*??O).P.Y^SJWW*Y

M+S6*]%CS.5OL;WYT;&%H8I9`22
CK;@=*@?D;$0HE4HW2`]^&%I%87L%]*

ML87V6!#BN;(8
ZBM%VR7^TD(M:9_1]JMWY5=P)[PM/5^6DT?U@__/5U]B[U$


YO22BF)C4$
MJGUAC$L_(_3!E+WAGT5XWM^7X]7=?3A9WT;5U_)CN-#NJDW

5
M)/1B\2L(XTV+W)








N52:2PVB*

M7/.?__P3ZL#_?V__^OG?[L:_@Y(\/#K]/I/X*TW6)NYM5R/IM.8OS`_F0M

I<:)W=!&2#/=$/L@QQT-K8)[K</H]5Z,9J]
M&2T__1A]?U\^?D7!WQNKWU:<!DL.$:T!8I00Z@*1ER]0&7!#0F
;N@T[Q3/

+'/Z
M36.T3Z





MM5SV=43.^Y4%

MSJQ``!E#
)
P\(_BM
8*2YA:A.GTS







MN.
`2$M%
*GW4M0I?T-!

;WY


M\$[86-N\1H!)FAH=.L?)TS5F\H7T+%/D&U+I#A'A&&-8.6XD6OM3@Q7+




M^L


M`]K\+!7SI*?5.AR%WP%LV[OYC^J`[Z?5?!&V5ZN+P=[MEC%[744A$
;!A$:*

[
M/5R51#H'PARLX$:+*@C(VYGTY:NA2OTT)!"DX45OSFB%/)01N[SV6+#F7
MY4KZ-20R2$=H7H)7]&@Y'9_`*)OOZ6``H9H((GVW!DIX-XXCA9L1E@I-+Y


(8@)#SWW@OD7*`(W;6D


:H6RXR3
MY`#207/-.01N5U[T-%2;^:67(M/!
-+8`X]MK'$(F92.UPLT%-Q06E6G9.\(
4
M2F,!,L)#2!C@EGWVQ=G6-Q2[]ANZ/O<


M.AD?I77CN((S:8WT1'H5[TMHC:]58



@A
MJ1&/?;KL3*DWB66)ML;Q?=-?=U`AL4J=WQ4:T(?MB3.Q36/3#D4N?J3'G^



#KZF;@_5EM(QE.A]BJO%H
C7#X3:E[HN=ND'XXC;WA_+'YD?)-O9^@D)(2#@W$CMBE+/2
M<^GKG6-M62IOW?;K52_@7MJ(/H.KGHXO`*-66T,YMA@3AJ#%=;JC,<(FIYE?
M1_F_/JSD5&RO-2;'$JV!



V[R;=R


MJBN


9^]UT-?VZ(=#[T2KBW%CDZ=1IHXP=!9)YPR6
M%F'ED=]MSN)U*UR4)YY]F@3NAS].`]^C]Z.=Z^7L-G[]-%Y-@:6Z3EV=A



:#D6




M+XO




M@!)
1EA61W4RL\-*$)R=T?+]?-\GD^6-WMX?[/V8B&?


+W]N-LUYX&Q+O3.N1'$



S?*V_.1/'RWJN/D]5J

MR)13#'$


MWR-J$BC'@8)
^KO1$@G'FRV`&]IZ1?6]

M3@$)`FD1;I3-H%WVW98![F^=)=S.FQ,K\9UFUK;_O(H78):(KJM*I$2Z'M

MVTT7D1YE1Q:2.3=MJ]7]C\O)XOA-VN\:18D\)DAI3Q%#F!AI032#(AJRTU$/
M7;SGRF19,$^/OM/57V98+:X^W[*)Q3%/M(OJK1UTFT#SXI7Q8%('(W3RR\


RD-?3%;KCXN
M'ZK#F1@/MHW2<2LD]I)([TV0I$GE&A2-
;CVBE
DZY0GO2U#=!+4AS&2YHZ
M9;ZP7Q;K
E<=/7\YU#0&;!T61@KF:!!<PEV-QOCA<BM5#1`%TEA:G1$


V-J.AZ:?C\9
4$GUA1/L/2STK




M

M-Y_:`[].Z1\MIQIQ)I-J1$.P(D$*S;P=#B.ZS=U%Z&^/[HI#FZ&'A





M(ZT3:=/R9253$)QA!B-DFH5




YZ$%IYD08.)/AF
M'C+IL^/Q&!3A0`?L

\[]_WB89AM4F8\KMH30D9SXA`@/+


R+5D@@=-`G!8VD(
MTM@T4W(21N!]OIB0SR=1%N89--H-8'VSJ+[\NGH







M\_FDO6C`ZZ91L#0/SY.2!

*\H$PKAV/^%K1^3H?/A
MH;H__4+?4X_H



,*=%O9X(LAR2)++?[
MM\GC?)NV_FD3\4?_[N:3S\L;FKQ?5GZZC8MMM7FQHM_K

MQI]F.__[H&.^Z%LB-M1*3*A


]$[0^SW?&TF08/QG73!
WHHQ!

M7_4X.JNZK4ET3Y6GO9ENDWCP_KA\EBFG2P

M6`\J4

M&+VU5&L*1BBO)8'ZWE
S4TFS


)1#3H9DTXK
7%S_9FC^6HM1C6_6OD+[^6STFDU73G;9W<[=M$SW](!(8Q
M$81C8A*LF(,F3P@X2K,-OA%[Q^.<I=(O)T5N@O.@N6JFMTMGF.R2H7A%7I-
MU`QQEE9X1*7Q*FD50)^`H41G:_PC=ID/0`Z=S8-/U;2Z_[U^\].AT=;;7_\B
MC6V?\I;QE

U;7;NR2)M






MLV(

M0EV6!K


1X19Z@`8YM5EC-.1E0IK3`YND+9?Z1#
MBS*RI[PY
XPQ*IE1W'`DZS6V65P%L)#K21E\K&@I5:0SI/V3Y+F6\


MC8$C;1E!L

@B-;_%)Z=2X:S

BI:9V$CIA!+/


4MW




%*

M1PCV;D2!Y_(HC?:9(-=G#5?.NU13[TC8I@&I1DH@\#
YCOHKN$T%CFZC7#

)4
R007

M6W/;.++^1V=QOSSBNIO:[
25Y
S6/J$T-F.K1A&SDIR

8#*:R(D6
E

MPI9[!@_.70)JA77G5B_+T@5--+=$IRMAXZ@5)-!4WIWQ2.8&8&_(N.43I'-X


+
6NL%(9X:;@BH)*-0

:SO%GE=MY3(T!^')D\LM&C





D@37ZT(*HJS)Y31
^92-3\O
MZ]0AJ
NIBSZR4IB+O10:8#E<0;!R
UL
R(D
/1[86

MF/M50NA



ZVF




)W8_:J9Y;H?AV

X




4$0A1CC

FLTL9)`







M+SO)A$0@=]5JA&ONHS:%+70R+-O./;QLGG06@#!/7&.I4Q?`26HI=**3I+

`*A11;I:%MKB14ALA<JS!KZ1S1;?$<IU





=7G0)5CBL.9`



M&&(D4-!HX3%`VE.A72TUU!-RB[O04]DMG$/









MT_E;9W+'Q65QF^:!SV^




M2O@+[H2


#`8GP2C-B!+.<%[K%3R_$7X:B86C87_O


V05BM


MP@R;0/FA;C[USB#LBPX?B]MY
EO+3;JYY201?FX:E(M1#P;06*8P33N-J!X_

=%%H:*05&%I!L:G#'J$$

M&H.ZV8[M,7L4*+NBS;!B+2V$N5VUO$XT1E.V./ZLF-&$9T)*@'`K2!L*\P

MEI2NLUE^VI37?WZZBZL/]QOUIO9\N9PTOYY':/[`ZB5A@&-8*4.@U='?U$



4`!$9@2#BJ$!/6Y]7#&Y`1V1I+G
MM92&P7SX+]D6F]E\


[P.8/SRQ!NQVPZY!
M8W\1LBI=E=
JI5M'M3U/OTQ)*9==NI)Y2MV`80NRR
R(^




-



M:

[NBLZF*

M:A&_N11%J=
%91@1Q#EML+1(`&H%VA`JA-3`I9Y\C-`':AM0/;$\`5N;@YA7
MY)YN2'IR3

M6_GWIJ7%[LY0GAV+RR?


M\]6WC]ETO=B4/C@;B#D\('D)954:&\4](IX2W%%F6`BM97,(W?%J1;=
#2
M!%O$YU_+:MMEE=:WQ?RA[#YYT@XY^ON@C9
.`NP


M]
V\#'!
MLW$:XGUP

*)N]1*8!9XU$O*QF4M&(/&YPV'5KJ$CCV%H

:




&\1
MP-9RSX5T!KB([!VE#FF:VNIJ1
6B1K
)*(6(@_.$!@WDCH





M$*[+7@_;SC/;EZ^'P%?#0R3:&4>@8%IY))W%;G?6B!!CR8

ZDG\?II]?
RRU8DN(8WG#`A[B;D!P$(O

IGFXOW%R&VE?G+
M?CS0
6$Q9(`Y:K6PKN(;]
EE42X/ZPSJW72-XR%D-$K;H$V;(A-*?)(89$
M_&PA1ONU[I3O[UAF`
-T@)VW56F
!IW;\_?B*8K\L5RES]FV_$E;5NRY^0.0


MHIZ$-F;H_[K(B\6+*SPFXB5?=;D*SCPQ&$6-$@AS`1RE1JH(M8JWG.+4$.Y5




M@;!5QE]O



K=3\B62KIV*QRO^[%=[\










`\AFLX-M+RD[157*\




MM
9AXCJPGLX_*!BB:?0)&
H'[7H@Q)A%QO'9!&KB/:PF
#1=&Z
*]C
M671N4=5];`#4`PB
H@P9:




M/EKU/Y-OFYHQ23KWLBD#180;[8PAAG(KC22\LHL5X@U2?%[PZ1K5Z=\''8





M



MX0&!:6\!]T0)9!QA4&A6.?N:$Y:J849X[M7I?I+.TLO!LLRF_W@HGO^9SY^S

MCE^


&^1
P+UGL58UL.

=@J&7483YC2&#LO





KY0*O$[B



IQPIR%S7!*XZOF:S]S;U
B1
M
O%@Y



U$.0

M*NWBYN\/+ZZW''2Z-!TLYU8H(Q1&2BF



M


T-/AG__6_OCW^_D6U([00M$&57


MGZL%[R_SN#MGTZOE-$JRO/F4+];

RG6EI[C


\


MW?J#]S0JW/S9Z_&O653F%^6G_
_%PZON1VEJ29\0K
?*
A(E`RR3S!&!&_
-

MSQ;%=9%/ON23OU?EK@?$#V\@.`+C*NR1\J+N@S





8
M0\)+[&R#E^
Z]3F(-W!L[I&2XX`_+EE?



W^#9@*
M!B7SF$(963U8C^RB?+2=[!U:I?

'


1*/


M8;9JO
V)VUXQD)CO@9000Q4DD.!3

M$TQ19(BAFFH=1]J

M9[



(P
!K(#G?I%&RPD%U?`3IOJ[MBB5[



MF6S+!&P-X

3]K%BHFUF^]NKEL]L/55;N7'!;ZP2(3-1%-*/281
M

Z6]?)3






MYWA?:B3J=(1X#



\0Y`

MJ[6+1RQ(
&R

?VI!\Z@_A


MUMS&C:S_T2[NEZI]P76/JYS(%3N[=9Y0C#BRN:$Y60[I1.?7'X#DT+J1'(*8





J
M)\FQ9L%)PX5U3`
%N/4IX^E^EB1:I)G








MZC




M'O!M


?YJL4HC
_0'EDM=94%H9%UTR!D#3&!N
MH=M/,KJUZ-[2DF['ACS#&*EG'2;S`\[4_EX0:T#7P=%#78FCLPP@81UVC]`


T0OM)R%EWV#<<N!A]








BS_?Z#_44

M!#NH'6KG!@&[(.)K_/Y_*3Z5P3;#^#Z0BO%XE
;Q1H$H*13T%D&)HH]`-='M





LYC=S6Y3GH5G_E+[Y^
!5G^M

_R-O6B



MI02!BRC

[=!E*
?4O@2%X
MN4]_MGB:JO`


MR^O.I1
M`X0HSH@Q;*0B!&'B]'[!&


!?Z8I^O%@![FGN9;M5A7OU2W
M=<3DO#B$DVT#BVZ))UQ92#P#0B.,7#M?P51V,M<?\\]--ZO&\'6/(X$/4.3


MWZ=BS+-ZF:HA[I\`V


MOP_
!_$]U[\UU7_7$43W[7LT1W?]UZE]T
P!%-UM%GUMS@F%!(%VWA#3;*/N




1(P(DQ&(3CSGZWO[:`6\48J?M
M[5&+H`17TLNH)RW05#GV'Y^T+$KJ$UVF5@/;E7P#B(BQ-E4J4P!;UN9HNJ
M:3Y6G[?/Y_^:':]I=Z1=@-0#KCD`3%*DB,719F_GR9Y@A+*Q23]K))=.5P'














`P%HW&O;&5D

-PD`VH6J5#H`_+^MML6DWU
0D8I9IXY_E^47EC

]N'HU

*[1=QW(DJ/_22UF*J[N]E\=J*P14YW

M(D$0HI14I9(X!
5[[@%P+W`7&?`VBGGLB*66*4
I/EQ8&)W*S.X^R-^$F?EU
MD74\F89?N9%!V,?(&JEUNE!E9,*$,:1@=(S)SQA^ADH;%*#4WI[D-
Y``E
M)XNRPY[`E6VR5Q#RMJ[OMC_^W`XT_&EP9C8_8D.@3:!P[*[^)=(]_/O6_7[5
M8
OSXHI:B

M]?MZLWG8^EU'
&S;7'N_K&*&$V2=@TP;KKQ@&!T
#L]@JB\[P4SDDAOKV'HX


\YUH#P&\4;#_XP
W.=UY#E0;GE9


?44W[8)##PI0LN7@NO



?9NM[EZSIKH.KX#2<14&!%HHO;<QL.00



GM\OH?[I_K(G





66\U]%X1

M)]DP+
**V4
LI?&U7CS5;^JVN*Q?G@R^.F
.(1*6QMCXVJMX#;F3!0OH4B]&


M!IO-F)BK.`K-I^0CK

[W^DL?/;C


82E/#+
M53W_M#!/006+VQ\?5K/%.BR104U_S.:+R&-=WX=G/LR^M]EQULJHX.D1H2E
M%F%OM5;8B@8#*5AJW,)EA$.G$FD\@(ML2K&2[9OE8OGS*GEZ&6H?6`$67`E

'6KFF`-V)Q;54Y
R^Q:S98:$^UB6.WFQU_UYG-
!#@T
M/VO=RSJ
KPSFFAGD)`V22DXQL








M3BN+0:(*B(`A0Y@PK8$%A_FA&;G\.+=LK

M2V0



1+&-S/46H&N**$Q$\7&!;C(3G9[

JRV2
(\7!AF-ITBXPY0B0LA2;E2)
MR]-,1,J(9YF;]J]U]/Q^M.?4OWRL\MCAL.UK8!0DWE$O96,0.@*24SLFY9E
MYL0`](I&6]0O6-LEUN+E\Y4P$`!'E0&`6$6#8*#Q^)R3_HKJ3V=CQ7`8BX55



G\Y$C
$8EDE?WD$?^+O[


M4Q+N(F$
'
M5QY!PV`L%P`@9]Q[?H#2*\=2K:*$0.5+(=$(L!:)FCE-F
/74RHA5HY;+(QE
MU&+L#E]/@W.02HKK/=]-A*Z$XOMG;[V6R(
%
Y0+A3GDPFD8/
;F
M]#9E
/



B@ED\W299FRNI3]P2NA
K_
9]]


MR8$37'1&IU`^F`M1:?44E/.

M&:5PFWUNH1'22M(`B`U)-H0F&&

MC0S`TU2^3##\IJ0%U!/6

Z2-M]Q:X0UI)%16)R:K3JAB^5L%
D'8PFJC%51#E
7D_8Q00IX[!E#



M[BDV(7

M

_8PF
R$6H5


M#PHKY;R4;\SJ]7\_S1[F]['FM5K_9WWWJ5Z/1?EA/UE)*!#2UD#D.(


DP`!*9
M.\%
L0+
'0?T

MW#S?-)T*2C[R=
6!IY@YH0T@GFDF-6.-7-J)*VAJ/(*.?[N@&XIKB34\9BIO

0


MZ7]\06%P]Y@Z(UU#&%G39.OHR$+_?UD&288D^P)`G-$CSYG\6ZOGT*6HA?


MC-/(
HN#88RP@(@B`1N)$

)BFTD22$\-
M5

M(RI

MCB2W*MAN2!_FBM;^JJ):!W*@E5


F%N













MQ
TH8*URIK68/?+9N?1G&#TZ*'=&QGF:=2H%6_=:DE*#X'WTN(R%&IOG0*&
M2-A*)IS(C3&88:'!0JM/!JK36%*;PZG'7F\0!/&0(((Y`%X!P5
;V@;R51V

Z(^Y'G9.F[&
ETR1.`H-UY`J?SC


MIX



ZBF53`*0
BH8@@8

M!#7`

C8

:M
M1#[ND1JU*%EZ3O4A!^'*CQG!2P%?8H-IA/%5U.!B]4*:;O[M:QD$P9AA#HUE


MSO#






M/:.KG
%TO
_?/P78:2C368MX7Y/`'




(
M*:^]5!H8TP[60'-&^9X'X\&@B)981?;;^#^W]96S?.R?'ZLS2T&\8C*2GA`O
1$ZY1N4S:P(5#,F]*/GU\EYWOZ[_
MN*D^5IM_5(M]]E+?;@*G).5I8)RFQS`:(ZEI*Q@2)O?5V2P?.A9GUS@E]@.

WN;Y6R76\!A/






M@3K
A`88

QM%%J.B?K8UOYVL?X<!UK=#[RGA;_G



Z!$.HN5`@G$K-

Z^YJ%EF#W9?O:^]G`W!*X3A&#KG63$/(*6R&:1#
M+O3R5B;
T5JJAP6RA*VD;V^6Z^KF1EW\ZW9Y_Y:X(YO7GA:!02$54MAB+#%U



WH+


MTQ.TYR

JG(
I.EZ1%AGL`F[OR]6

M']YMZIO

P.




M&I5*6(

*$N
M!//T4W;0'&%#SUP*.21
$R

9)T/G&?NR-=@\O]N4;Z]=!

3:*.MXB```X(=7
7$@V%B7J


41V_7#%O6F'3S+C3&9.27Z





`*?O_



_%.OXPV*V
MU+
HC.7J_M%OLN6'K+2SYR
JJVGS0+`%2CDO`7(0:`R%U/N).!65_NWHJCZD


_L:_V;]

MD:_+Q1^;K9?WL2BK:]1UN9E7J4=G^4-58#[^]'K[/G8
O*S7`)2--JD%PF$.
M!8C'%._J:5.$+D@&^Q



MF=@7;;J\!6XGA6N^!;94





MQO5+N))Q@[
1(*(KC(S`H/(*_I17Y$-R-4T04R7K^VS]XHKNF++?];W-8R5@




.

U]/%+.

M]KQ+3;IIDN2Z94_!(^DHU@*S2&)5E0[RJL8BXG


C9+(
IL7)JE9O=ZP\]!:`

M4B0G9IQ@+HZ)D3)9!A/BY.5





*`0DU:LM$I-0?_II5&-G

M#4GYJD503$5(
2



MB





MT0ZKAO6Y4CEFS@-HHGT2


1]6
$5K=]R$Z77

`Z84]HQPCNQA@M:HG^?@VEC2


MI#RH*K+L$:BJUOU

8!*0H2JYPP8

IZ9-

23UGH?7/H

MTD.PZ]TL?SB::_R?'P6B(?=`



ME

MRAQ@LRBH^6(KP/CS



H=_EC43[M-N)#F%&#]=VRIQ!/X98)


^


KM(?O@Q

M9KOO/LW^RE:_+O*B7*R?ZY3O*G_XOI?*Z[Q^_C5;?RGBWWR+GYS+^3_@*`(Q




M


\_;'(9P?'R@Z)




R&$9_?R
MOB




MJIDTPE&RNTVB#BA\_ES?MRUP;`+Z^;N_:1PJV**_P)4@3CAD#!312N;(4EMC


MW4PJ(!05A`JA(*T1L


EM'$G_E_T!N[B/B'W!

M0#+#XHXL5%LJX7NMN:S#E
LJ


G0R.D1+1?1^!*0'$-(!X:30QP
M2D'+(MXU=NI4!9_3V1WAM?G=
ON



*Z


R&;0!13$?V)P)&_`7!:IFVWU4+_
M6


0B'NH]7;
M$Q+X+O]XP!(*[!#34&C+HVMK2&.(:$ALJK++

M*D^):`F6W4E)$D-O3$#^691W7Z/)K[X7B]%=X7X4BW&Y+#Y$1^!@D+6?&02/

DYY


M'K^[XKDZ3[.0DV
;Q0O+O)9N.G


[S0]5\F-YV!B!H*;35[%IS]^WIA\9)Y_
M0`R@EAKLN8M&`!
0H^9@VGJO4_




*!22FJQ
0&F`5TW1';XS8`.X__^WDJ@4^9^UN'=I+.O.JC@X:G*2<6`$XD01RBT0

M5S^O8?0]'CTXJPW0SDD&M'0$


I






01
M)S'VBECEH1340RII$VO@3
+D7


ME*BCU_EVM+O^NH^]GOY/

&L40PA&6S3J-\








.*PJY0I8W)/)2I?JI.2JA'!#6

G1!



MU+IVN_&:N#J2&JK)$!Z7
/
I+BXD8]_[QMNF1_.)6\?N^6`14\I9:Z7FGD)$
M&&ZL

QC?=6P;_X


Z
M-5R2H5W1IC)IF:RI/0Z7]7C%Q
\7']:+\=?1LM`_XS_NB\7#\J+W7_Y8E%^^
ME+
-J4:0YJD8._O(ZO;T6=NT


XDJ9[5!\M*4A`K:<585&

MT7EXM`

MEX
_VFN;M'U`R6X9\FGTP_VHA*-(`=497PE($HZ@41X**:.W&?^YHX&A/#F/









M=KL*$=]DY:&=Q;*I1%A%C#&=*6@B9'SB/
4I/-$1\XDB^G99_YAIL6;4^K










+
3YFUZX8[+;1[870ZRCU.D0?R]EC




X:]T5(:$N3)
%9+:\RVR





3%(1131!+4?$





K6S5L&+3\6E




M5&
D'

REHX%XII3@IEYWB?;918'Z
MQY+K!'N)5EH=J)SBNFXG'TH%\7AD-7!9Q-&#KPTX[$![VJJ@6SJ!X/C@-F
Q09$H[0*E2,=@4.U#N'M


M8@:T@W-;:NR63&I$'!FAX?@RF7Q=92M]]0W+$1X-%)]LER3706E9;7\1@CWU
MX('6:H3G9P[\ETE[F=2&4&X0

8:N=H]$8;;$1=90#


[A^JI(-;S+7C9Y.9JYN^GTI$&$#
MIU'I$#GP6I43VVIT0!N;+;&U3X(I/NE\=T41`7?_FFT*)9G8A_.8N_YG21%
M+4B!,8&954I(I!#9(D!S*=G_\SU-+Y\-HGRC`Z3;[_WX^%NY6%6-6HYIOCX4
M=RP%3%Z'27EBN'6`_1

8

KH$2


MB&`!*XX./2&XXAK[TJA;^@__&-U@G6`-S9^N[CXZ^S\N'E?EE/K9PM'LO)




MI:S3
@:[/9@OF
D^
#KDP'?[.#=

MW6LYRKY!/?3P=+LX-TR?S^5B-



4#SV

&NJT





M6;K
6O+]STUC#0&/&00'(N)(4D0(\P1K3UT
IU52Y_;EN^DR-5#UJW-F[(4]



#$S



^N

M.]&O9^9]8NX2KH`#@HB61C`T)78S@'H1]\/@CQMQ#X:(Z@Q]_N0R&\0)`K
M#@!=P.`6K!;`Q=^/E@&P?K3T='3T],;#UA`$)O7+(Z&@V&Q\/1Z




M.

1]`.6/#G
1+WA.APX1X;Z4.*7
M(.BND)2UM4;52M%=(RFKDT9--:E&GRJ+^.LPX3L4CPZ'HRW5R%JRF1H)WXNH
M\?$(4%?`S9%S@T/XO/8!!@&AFPO^=SO5?$H+4LXS(4+'CT+'X?MM=)2B
5R(



Q8EADR



M-H4+L5S9'H
*8W
2
5(E$8D
)Q'2=^^;AKPZ_N9(-E)U7!4L^AN9REZ]!91R



G
M`7&_+HGO0<K.OX4HV&P-GD*D!L3W1B#FY?_'O_\X&G[X+R=ZSQ[4.@0*:<-W
M0+@H7P]W8\[3%NY2-M3'9C@B$'L(J.9E#R79H0^5(_0
P&]]GF'87B563/T











3]GN4

NOV\5


6*
6#A?NZ\G
M2N`ZH*HYE'E-V
1[-NO!;Q9`T
M#HB2O\?N'L,YI!1Z_(_XGN[_=RFD=!<LF;E^*VB_\Q#)S=M1B\2#Y)+O\MW


M3:TSED;R]1!7


MPY\U.(H/5/#$ST?1'O@7`5
M4X]H96ZM='B2_:P%B$P'%\TM'LU7JK&%C4

4$T(F^^GR/)K@I)[Y2-E[[&WSB%1AU00C
M]7`HE=+G




M=CM:09JNZ%C1%35#UM

`J).C&?6_4\0_#6(]
M#8#_$P(:0.IOTDFM


/3P$31U57

IW./F7[#&M];]IJ^P@6C
']4ZQ
M;FN


B%Z*)Y!/[H-

&!P[CC`Q2$




MR$-^*

MQ*GNH0O1HU\[`L]N?49?LZ$['-%7L@'65SM.:$/X/DNI&O(+N#U%7$Q4X2

T12/




M3)S'D;^?(/]-^9

MXR(

I6H+;70D&@CH
QB

MVS1#ZB`XZZD_N+Q*6(37EV`CRQ?Y\,3I-G=*]#O.\[5#O%[+RKB[A64J
M'KM
C

M$=8\W@L#/[^`W8W5VGGU.G.BAJLS.J7J8E_(#L4/]BF!;/I[U.FR\N=HL2QM




3ZA?AB085=
M^VX^6RA%8&


+4
HK\P_L
MBS
7T.

MNI6E!%0#@8T0I=I.EX0&C?94*7;?NUT0^@2H=Q=2=PD8+*X4U!7:MMA;BT[H


@UE(@O



M#[GPR1-[

ZRQK:[W
M^@(E/!/D3Y_`6MR3$-^84

M!\/_G@)QA)Y5-_HTD]AGTI6\]D5\MD+L1U)6NF:2W8\BHE[@`3R+*P:Q*Z_N
MYSRGB
Q#Z
OGXH0_R]G3EMZ^#1(YH\757G`
H_]'&SU$_!.WW6#OCL(U0)4;
M+\W97MX%+V!K
D
:;^A)CRK4F]G`8=VPK[ZM

MI1L0!#R:EANP



$_U

:T/\:38OVK\XF1=5

0N?3EQ7['02'X6A!)/051]8:$5IW<S+<'1_ET9
<VYXNK5DR3;$+]!;0)%^BS3\7ESE&\;3!YS$;43JT4F
M5W*P



4Q.1G62X9C?@G26Z1BH3K0=)!00GPI6:-;C;L

MX?0W4YFZBJK/NDB*D*J?O/M5C:`FEQ0A`#%LPQ_5AG6XT/8UTA/%@[V$3R.I


ME
5.

M]VAOPQY'S0GTLVLHK$9LM6
:I540ZWB.B;Y%G.$G;).#!%%3:5CA/*GO&9CM



M0VN0$4V$^UY9KY`'N80-*C8F021LHQ+]&

P%YKDP$PM]QC

HU



.Y

DZT

9Q5W';?D0WB
`NE/O6O@5N@N,1X9V`76J=*%
M7&I&H-17JUZ$:(G?G)3@U?N73\7VTYQE&_)\-Y`BR0:C'N=UUFMD-NQ7-+

S1]=X'\P84GH0


#:(/MV)
MUR;V(9%-K9IS9TJ.(Q@'Z8GA
R:.FF&CNI2'D$[H20QS/7:JGN/V)G=^QD/0


_UO2IL=L*R*=Y^]7F-^@:S:U%JH7;%&F'M1
M'NHF1T
V[&\$AYHIM/)$K@S+@PPS_




M```!````I($#:P0`9&%R+3(P
3
Q


M```!````I($.6@4`9&%R+3(P
3
Q

M`00E#@``!#D!``!02P$'@,4`````#@AEI$9'@0CD
9`0!1S0T`%``8````
M```!````I('VWP8`9&%R+3(P
3
Q

M`00E#@``!#D!``!02P$'@,4`````#@AEI$/IR1
L(?``![A@$`$``8````

3
Q
C(X+GAS9%54!0`#LV(.4W5XP`!!4.
=```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!0``3&0@`````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company leases ten processing plants and storage locations
 land surrounding certain processing plants
December&#160;28
 2013
20
3
17
2
15
2
13
1
11
25
103
10
9
Darling through its wholly-owned subsidiary Griffin
 leases two real properties located in Butler
 Kentucky and real properties located in each of Jackson
 Mississippi and Henderson
 Kentucky from Martom Properties
 LLC
 an entity owned in part by Martin W. Griffin
 the Company's Executive Vice President &#8211; Chief Operations Officer
 North America.&#160;See Note 23 for further information on the Company's related party lease transactions.
 $
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2011
The Company's capital lease assets are included in property
 plant and equipment and the capital lease obligations are included in the Company's current and long-term debt obligations on the consolidated balance sheet.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
              
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























 2013

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2006

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

193
548
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

629
032
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

558
000

000

117
000
        
        

500
000

700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
        

000
000

000
000
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        

066
544


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        

286
222


        
        

634
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

634

733

834
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Initial Cliff
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Percent Vesting On Anniversary Date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Share-based Compensation
 Gross
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
        

600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000

700
000

100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Total Intrinsic Value
        

000

300
000

400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period
 Total Fair Value
        

200
000

100
000

700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value
        

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Intrinsic Value
        

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

652
        

780
        
        

000

000

000

575

000

000

041

878

575
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

575

041

503
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

894

000

250

761

720

725
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

376
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Available for Grant Per Employee
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Restricted Stock
 Repurchase Price Per Share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

780

204
        

828
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Compensation Share-based Arrangements
 Liability
 Current and Noncurrent
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Share-based Compensation
 Net of Forfeitures
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

331
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Forfeitures in Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

667
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Repurchase Price Per Share
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Annual Vesting After Initial Cliff
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Initial Cliff
 Percent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Available for Grant per each employee.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


 2013

          



 2012

          



 2009



          



 2013



          



        
        
        
        
        


Reserves for insurance
 environmental and litigation contingencies

500
000

000
000
        
        


Insurance Settlements Receivable
 Noncurrent

800
000

300
000
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Number of Defendants
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Litigation Settlement
 Amount
        
        
        

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) of amount due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        

723
550

701
429

797
249


        
        
        
        


        

261
101

232
604

268
221


Selling
 general and administrative expenses

825

713

135


        

787

371

909


        

271
        
        


        

553
984

469
688

483
265


        

566

741

984


        
        
        
        


        

108)

054)

163)


        

107
        
        


Other income/(expense)
 net

547)

760

955)


        

548)

294)

118)


        

660

662)

572)


        

678

785

294


        

711

015

876


        

967

770

418


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 28
December 29
57
60
7
5
65
65
065




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On January 6
 2014 (the CA Closing Date)
 Darling
 Darling International Canada Inc. (Darling Canada) and Darling International NL Holdings B.V. (Darling NL) entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement) with the lenders from time to time party thereto
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent
 and the other agents from time to time party thereto.  For additional information on the Company&#8217;s Amended Credit Agreement
January 2
 2014
500
000
 Notes)
 which were offered in a private offering in connection with the January 7
 2014 acquisition of the VION Ingredients business division of VION Holding
 N.V. as further described below.  The 5.375% Notes were issued pursuant to a 5.375% Notes Indenture
January 2
 (the Original Indenture). For additional information on the Company's 5.375% Notes
On January 7
 2014
 the Company acquired the VION Ingredients business division (&#8220;VION Ingredients&#8221;) of VION Holding
 N.V.
 a Dutch limited liability company (&#8220;VION&#8221;) by purchasing all of the shares of VION Ingredients International (Holding) B.V.
 and VION Ingredients Germany GmbH
 of Best Hides GmbH (collectively
 the VION Companies)
 pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated October 5
 2013
 as amended
 between Darling and VION (the &#8220;VION Acquisition&#8221;).  The VION Ingredients business is now conducted under the name Darling Ingredients International.  Darling Ingredients International is a worldwide leader in the development and production of specialty ingredients from animal by-products for applications in animal feed
 pet food
 fuel
 bioenergy
 fertilizer
 brands: Rendac (fuel)
 Sonac (proteins
 fats
 edible fats and blood products)
 Ecoson (bioenergy)
 Rousselot (gelatin)
 products covers all animal origin raw material types and thereby offers a comprehensive
 single source solution for suppliers. Darling Ingredients International&#8217;s business has leading positions across Europe with operations in the Netherlands
 Belgium
 Germany
 Poland and Italy under the Rendac and Sonac brand names. Value-added products include edible fats
 blood products and plasma meals
 bone products
 protein meals and fats. Rousselot is a global leading market provider of gelatin for the food
 pharmaceutical and technical industries with operations in Europe
 the United States
 South America and China. CTH is a market leader in natural casings for the sausage industry with operations in Europe
 aggregate principal amount of the Company&#8217;s 5.375% Notes
 that closed on January 2
In connection with the closing of the VION Acquisition
 in January 2014
 the Company made awards of Performance Units and common stock under the Company&#8217;s 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan to certain of the Company&#8217;s executives selected by the Compensation Committee of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors.  For North American-based executives
 each award was in the form of &#8220;Performance Units&#8221; for a specified number of shares of common stock of the Company.  For European-based executives
 of the total award)
975
 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.  Performance Units will vest in three equal installments on the first
 second and third anniversaries of the closing of the VION Acquisition based on attainment of specified levels of adjusted EBITDA for the Company and/or Darling Ingredients International for fiscal years 2014
 2015 and 2016
 respectively.  If the target level of adjusted EBITDA for the fiscal year for both the Company and/or Darling Ingredients International is not achieved
 the installment for the related vesting date will be forfeited.  Generally
 an award recipient must remain employed with the Company and its subsidiaries through each vesting date to become vested in the award on that vesting date
 subject to the performance requirements described above. If an award recipient terminates employment before a vesting date for any reason other than death or disability
 any unvested portion of the award will be forfeited.  In case of termination of employment due to death or disability
December&#160;28
December&#160;28
2
338
Property
 plant and equipment
1
428
Intangible assets
1
205
1
451
224
6
647
724
2
316
742
2
864
6
647
The following table presents selected pro forma information
 for comparative purposes assuming the VION Acquisition and Rothsay Acquisition had occurred on December 30
 2012 (unaudited) (in thousands
December&#160;28
4
105
357
158
334




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company follows FASB authoritative guidance for reporting and presentation of comprehensive income or loss and its components.&#160; Other comprehensive income (loss) is derived from adjustments that reflect pension adjustments
 natural gas derivative adjustments
 corn option adjustments
 foreign currency translation adjustments and interest rate swap derivative adjustments. The components of other comprehensive income (loss) and the related tax impacts for the years ended December&#160;28
 2013
 December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
Year Ended December 31
(19
7
(11
2
(1
1
(16
6
(10
(1
1
(16
6
(9
Year Ended December 29
(6
2
(4
4
(1
2
(1
(1
1
Year Ended December 28
18
(6
11
5
(2
3
24
(8
15
(5
2
(3
7
(2
4
1
1
(14
(14
11
(9
1
December 28
December 29
December 31
(1
5
(1
5
(1
(1
(2
3
(5
(4
(2
(5
(4
(2
2
1
1
(3
(2
(1
(3
(2
December&#160;28
Fiscal Year Ended December 28
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss) December 29
 2012
(31
(31
(14
4
11
2
(3
3
(14
1
15
1
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss) December 28
 2013
(14
1
(16
(29
423




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 28
December 29
286
340
250
250
10
886
250
19
866
250
December&#160;28
 2013
 the Company had outstanding debt under a term loan facility and revolving facility denominated in Canadian dollars of CAD$
In addition
December&#160;28
 2013
 the Company had capital lease obligations denominated in Canadian dollars.  The current capital lease obligation and long-term capital lease obligation in Canadian dollars was approximately CAD$
On September 27
 2013
 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) restating its then existing credit agreement dated December&#160;17
 2010 (as amended by the First Amendment dated March 25
 2011) with JPMorgan Chase Bank
 of the term loan facility is available to be borrowed in Canadian dollars by Darling Canada
 a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.  The revolving loan facility is available to be borrowed by the Company in U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars
 of the revolving loan facility is available to be borrowed in Canadian dollars by Darling Canada.  The Company and Darling Canada used the proceeds of the term loan facility and a portion of the revolving loan facility to pay a portion of the consideration of Darling Canada&#8217;s acquisition of Rothsay
 to pay related fees and expenses and to refinance certain existing indebtedness and will use the revolving loan facility to provide for working capital needs
December&#160;28
 2013
 of the term facility which
 when repaid
 cannot be reborrowed.  The term loan facility is repayable in quarterly installments as follows: for the first eight quarters
 of the original principal amount of the term loan  facility
 for the ninth through sixteenth quarters
 of the original principal amount of the term loan facility
September 27
 2018
September 27
 per annum.  Base rate means a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the prime rate in effect
.  Canadian prime rate means the rate per annum to be the higher of (i) the rate of interest per annum most recently announced or established by JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;28
 2013
.  In addition
The Credit Agreement contains various customary representations and warranties by the Company
 which include customary use of materiality
 material adverse effect and knowledge qualifiers.  The Credit Agreement also contains (a) certain affirmative covenants that impose certain reporting and/or performance obligations on the Company and its restricted subsidiaries
 (b) certain negative covenants that generally prohibit
 subject to various exceptions
 the Company and its restricted subsidiaries from taking certain actions
 including
 without limitation
 incurring indebtedness
 making investments
 incurring liens
 paying dividends
 and engaging in mergers and consolidations
 sale leasebacks and sales of assets
 (c) financial covenants comprising a maximum total leverage ratio
 On December&#160;17
 2010
 Senior Notes due 2018 (the &#8220;8.5% Notes&#8221;) under an indenture with U.S. Bank National Association
 as trustee (the Notes Indenture).  Darling used the net proceeds from the sale of the 8.5% Notes to finance in part the cash portion of the purchase price paid in connection with Darling's acquisition of Griffin Industries
 annual cash interest on the 8.5% Notes on June 15 and December 15 of each year.  Other than for extraordinary events such as change of control and defined assets sales
The Company may at any time and from time to time purchase 8.5% Notes in the open market or otherwise.  The Company may redeem some or all of the 8.5% Notes at any time prior to December 15
 2014
 of the principal amount of the 8.5% Notes redeemed
On and after December&#160;15
 2014
 the Company may redeem all or
 from time to time
 days&#8217; notice
 at the following redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount)
 plus accrued and unpaid interest on the 8.5% Notes
 if any
 to the applicable redemption date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date)
In addition
 until December&#160;15
 2013
 the Company had the option to
 of the principal amount thereof
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 to the redemption date
The Company is permitted to redeem some or all of the 8.5% Notes at any time prior to December 15
 2014
 of the principal amount of the 8.5% Notes redeemed
The Notes Indenture contains covenants limiting Darling's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to
 among other things
 incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock
 pay dividends on or make other distributions or repurchase of Darling's capital stock or make other restricted payments
 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts from Darling's restricted subsidiaries to Darling or Darling's other restricted subsidiaries
 make loans or investments
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates
 create liens
 designate Darling's subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries
The Notes Indenture also provides for customary events of default
 including
 without limitation
 payment defaults
 covenant defaults
 cross acceleration defaults to certain other indebtedness in excess of specified amounts
 certain bankruptcy and insolvency events of default and judgment defaults in excess of specified amounts. If any such event of default occurs and is continuing under the indenture
 in principal amount of the total outstanding 8.5% Notes may declare the principal
 premium
 if any
On February 7
 2014
 the Company completed the redemption of the 8.5% Notes for $
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2012
December 28
December 29
250
250
340
1
000
415
286
32
30
680
384
The obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by Darling National LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (Darling National)
 Griffin Industries LLC
 a Kentucky limited liability company (Griffin)
 and its subsidiary
 Craig Protein Division
 Inc (Craig Protein)
 Darling AWS LLC
 Terra Holding Company
 Darling Global Holdings Inc.
 Darling Northstar LLC
 Terra Renewal Services
 Inc. and EV Acquisition
 Inc.
 each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
  and are secured
 subject to certain exceptions
 by a perfected first priority security interest in all tangible and intangible personal property of the Company and the guarantors
 of the equity interests of certain foreign subsidiaries.  The 8.5% Notes are guaranteed by each of the foregoing subsidiaries
 and effective as of September 27
 2013
 the 8.5% Notes are secured on an equal and ratable basis with the Company's and the guarantors' obligations under the Credit Agreement.  The 8.5% Notes and the guarantees thereof rank equally in right of payment to any existing and future senior debt of Darling and the guarantors
 including debt that is secured by the collateral for the Credit Agreement and the 8.5% Notes.  The 8.5% Notes and the guarantees thereof will be effectively junior to existing and future debt of Darling and the guarantors that is secured by assets that do not constitute collateral for the Credit Agreement and the 8.5% Notes
The Company's financial covenants are effective for fiscal quarter ending June 28
 2014
 which is the first full fiscal quarter after January 6
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;28
19
19
27
27
792
886
. During 2013
December&#160;28
 2013
 on the CA Closing Date
 Darling
 Darling Canada and Darling NL entered into the Amended Credit Agreement
September 27
 2013
 with the lenders from time to time party thereto
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent
 term loan A facility (all of which has been borrowed and is currently outstanding)
 of the revolving loan facility is available to be borrowed by Darling in U.S. dollars
 Canadian dollars
 euros and other currencies to be agreed and available to each applicable lender
 to be borrowed in Canadian dollars by Darling Canada and to be borrowed in U.S. Dollars
 euros and other currencies to be agreed and available to each applicable lender by Darling NL and certain other foreign subsidiaries of Darling who will be added as borrowers following the CA Closing Date.  On the CA Closing Date
 of the term loan B facility was borrowed in euros by Darling NL. Those borrowings under the term loan B facility are currently outstanding. The proceeds of the term loan B facility and a portion of the revolving loan facility were used to pay a portion of the consideration of the VION Acquisition by Darling of the Ingredients business of VION and the revolving loan facility will also be used for working capital needs
 per annum
 subject to certain step-downs based on the Company's total leverage ratio. The interest rate applicable to any borrowings under the term loan B facility will equal (a) for U.S. dollar term loans
 either the base rate plus 
 and (b) for euro term loans
 the euro interbank offered rate plus 
 in each case subject to a step-down based on Darling&#8217;s total leverage ratio. For term loan B loans
The Amended Credit Agreement contains various customary representations and warranties by Darling and its subsidiaries
 which include customary use of materiality
 material adverse effect and knowledge qualifiers. The Amended Credit Agreement also contains (a) certain affirmative covenants that impose certain reporting and/or performance obligations on Darling and its subsidiaries
 (b) certain negative covenants that generally prohibit
 subject to various exceptions
 Darling and its restricted subsidiaries from taking certain actions
 including
 without limitation
 incurring indebtedness
 making investments
 incurring liens
 paying dividends and engaging in mergers and consolidations
 sale and leasebacks and asset dispositions
 (c) financial covenants
 which include a maximum total leverage ratio
Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement
January 6
 (the Security Agreement)
 by and among Darling
 its domestic subsidiaries signatory thereto and any other domestic subsidiary who may become a party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
 the Senior Secured Facilities
 are secured
 subject to certain carveouts and exceptions
 by a first priority lien on substantially all of the assets of Darling and such domestic subsidiaries. The obligations of Darling Canada
 Darling NL and any other foreign borrower under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities will also be secured by a first priority lien on certain assets of certain of Darling&#8217;s foreign subsidiaries (including
 after the VION Acquisition
 certain of the subsidiaries acquired from VION) organized in Canada
 Belgium
 Germany
 the Netherlands and Brazil
Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement
January 6
 (the Guaranty Agreement)
 (a) the obligations of Darling under the Senior Secured Facilities are guaranteed by certain of Darling&#8217;s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and (b) the obligations of Darling Canada
 Darling NL and any other foreign borrower under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are guaranteed by Darling and certain of its domestic and foreign wholly-owned subsidiaries
December 18
 2013
 Darling Escrow Sub
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Darling entered into a purchase agreement (the &#8220;Original Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with the initial purchasers party thereto
January 2
 2014
 the 5.375% Notes
 which were offered in a private offering in connection with the VION Acquisition
 were issued pursuant to a 5.375% Notes Indenture
January 2
 (the Original Indenture)
 among Darling Escrow Sub
 the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined in the Original Indenture) party thereto from time to time and U.S. Bank National Association
 as trustee (the Trustee)
 with the gross proceeds from the offering of the 5.375% Notes and certain additional amounts deposited in an escrow account pending the satisfaction of certain conditions
 including the completion of the VION Acquisition
 which occurred on January 7
On January 8
 2014 (the Notes Closing Date)
 Darling Escrow Sub merged (the Notes Merger) with and into Darling (with Darling as the survivor of the Notes Merger)
 pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated January 8
 2014
In connection with the completion of the Notes Merger
 pursuant to the provisions of the Original Indenture and the Original Purchase Agreement
 Darling Escrow Sub
 Darling and certain of Darling&#8217;s subsidiaries: Craig Protein Division
 Inc.
 Darling AWS LLC
 Darling National LLC
 Darling Northstar LLC
 Darling Global Holdings Inc.
 EV Acquisition
 Inc.
 Griffin Industries LLC
 Terra Holding Company and Terra Renewal Services Inc. (such subsidiaries
 the Guarantors) entered into a supplemental indenture with the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture, and together with the Original Indenture
 the Indenture)
 pursuant to which
 upon effectiveness of the Notes Merger
 Darling assumed all the obligations of Darling Escrow Sub under the 5.375% Notes and the Indenture and the Guarantors guaranteed the 5.375% Notes and agreed to be bound by the terms of the Indenture applicable to subsidiary guarantors of the 5.375% Notes. In addition
 in accordance with the provisions of the Original Purchase Agreement
 upon the completion of the Notes Merger
 Darling and the Guarantors became parties to the Original Purchase Agreement
 by entering into a Joinder to the Purchase Agreement
 dated as of the Notes Closing Date (together with the Original Purchase Agreement
 the Purchase Agreement)
 with Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan
 for themselves and on behalf of BMO. Upon satisfaction of the escrow release conditions on the Closing Date
 the proceeds from the offering of the 5.375% Notes were released from the escrow account in accordance with Darling&#8217;s written instructions. Darling used a portion of the proceeds from the offering of the 5.375% Notes to pay the Initial Purchasers&#8217; commission related to the offering of the 5.375% Notes and certain fees and expenses (including bank fees and expenses) related to the financing of the VION Acquisition and for purposes of satisfying
Darling used the remaining proceeds to pay certain other fees and expenses related to the completion of the VION Acquisition and its related financings
 to repay a portion of the borrowings under its revolving credit facility used to fund a portion of the consideration for the VION Acquisition and for general corporate purposes
The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and agreements by Darling and the Guarantors. In addition
 Darling and the Guarantors have agreed to indemnify the Initial Purchasers against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the Securities Act)
January 15
. Darling will pay interest on the 5.375% Notes on January 15 and July 15 of each year
 commencing on July 15
The 5.375% Notes are currently guaranteed on an unsecured senior basis by the Guarantors
 which constitute all of Darling&#8217;s existing restricted subsidiaries that guarantee the Amended Credit Agreement (other than Darling&#8217;s foreign subsidiaries). Under the Indenture
 each restricted subsidiary of Darling (other than Darling&#8217;s foreign subsidiaries and certain of Darling&#8217;s subsidiaries that engage solely in the financing of receivables and are so designated by Darling) is required to guarantee the 5.375% Notes (a) if the Amended Credit Agreement is outstanding and such restricted subsidiary guarantees the Amended Credit Agreement and (b) if the Amended Credit Agreement is not outstanding
The 5.375% Notes will rank senior in right of payment to all existing and future debt of Darling that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 5.375% Notes. The 5.375% Notes will rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future liabilities of Darling that are not so subordinated. The 5.375% Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the existing and future secured debt of Darling and the Guarantors
 including debt under the Amended Credit Agreement
The guarantees by the Guarantors (the 5.375% Note Guarantees) will rank senior in right of payment to all existing and future debt of the Guarantors that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 5.375% Note Guarantees. The 5.375% Note Guarantees will rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future liabilities of the Guarantors that are not so subordinated. The 5.375% Note Guarantees will be effectively subordinated to all of the existing and future secured debt of the Guarantors including debt under the Amended Credit Agreement
Darling is not required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the 5.375% Notes. However
 under certain circumstances
Darling may redeem some or all of the 5.375% Notes at any time prior to January 15
 2017
 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 5.375% Notes redeemed
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date and an Applicable Premium (as defined below) as of the date of redemption
 subject to the rights of holders on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date. The &#8220;Applicable Premium&#8221; means
 with respect to any Senior Note at any redemption date
 the greater of: (i) 1.0% of the principal amount of such 5.375% Note; and (ii) the excess
 if any
 of (A) the present value as of such redemption date of (1) the redemption price of such 5.375% Note at January 15
 2017 (such redemption price being set forth in the table below)
 plus (2) all required interest payments due on such 5.375% Note through January 15
 2017 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date)
 computed using a discount rate equal to the applicable treasury rate as of such redemption date plus 50 basis points
On and after January 15
 2017
 Darling may redeem all or
 from time to time
 a part of the 5.375% Notes (including any additional Notes)
 at the following redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount)
 plus accrued and unpaid interest on the 5.375% Notes
 if any
 to
 but excluding
 the applicable redemption date (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date)
In addition
 prior to January 15
 2017
 of the principal amount thereof
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 to
 but excluding
. If a Change of Control (as defined in the Indenture) occurs
 unless Darling has exercised its right to redeem all the 5.375% Notes as described above under &#8220;Optional Redemption
&#8221; each holder will have the right to require Darling to repurchase all or any part (equal to $1
 of the principal amount of the 5.375% Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 to
 but excluding
. If Darling or its subsidiaries engage in certain Asset Dispositions (as defined in the Indenture)
 Darling generally must
 within specific periods of time
 either prepay
 repay or repurchase certain of its or its Restricted Subsidiaries&#8217; indebtedness or make an offer to purchase a principal amount of the 5.375% Notes and certain other debt equal to the excess net cash proceeds
 of the principal amount thereof
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
The Indenture contains covenants limiting Darling&#8217;s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to
The Indenture also provides for customary events of default
 including
 without limitation
 payment defaults
 covenant defaults
 cross acceleration defaults to certain other indebtedness in excess of specified amounts
 certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency and judgment defaults in excess of specified amounts. If any such event of default occurs and is continuing under the Indenture
 in principal amount of the total outstanding 5.375% Notes may declare the principal
 premium
 if any
Holders of the 5.375% Notes have the benefit of registration rights. In connection with the assumption of the 5.375% Notes by Darling and the guarantee of the 5.375% Notes by the Guarantors
 on the Closing Date
 Darling and the Guarantors became parties to
 and Darling assumed all of Darling Escrow Sub&#8217;s obligations under
 a registration rights agreement
 dated as of January 2
 2014 (the Original Registration Rights Agreement)
 among Darling Escrow Sub
 and Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan
 for themselves and on behalf of BMO
 by entering into a Joinder to the Registration Rights Agreement
Original Registration Rights Agreement, the &#8220;Registration Rights Agreement)
 with Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan
 for themselves and on behalf of BMO. Under the Registration Rights Agreement
 Darling and the Guarantors have agreed to consummate a registered exchange offer for the 5.375% Notes under the Securities Act within 270 days after the Closing Date. Darling and the Guarantors have agreed to file and keep effective for a certain time period under the Securities Act a shelf registration statement for the resale of the 5.375% Notes if an exchange offer cannot be effected and under certain other circumstances. Darling will be required to pay additional interest on the 5.375% Notes if it fails to timely comply with its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement until such time as it complies.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

329)


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax

017


Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Current Period
 Net of Tax
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

906


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

423)



          

        


        
        


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax

502)


Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Current Period
 Net of Tax
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

502)


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

502)



          

        


        
        


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax

650


Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Current Period
 Net of Tax

382)


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

268


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

448



          

        


        
        


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

509)


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax

869


Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Current Period
 Net of Tax

271


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

140


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax

369)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Balance at December 29
344
53
397
(15
(15
328
53
381
326
326
(6
(6
Balance at December 28
664
53
717
(15
(15
648
53
701
Certain of the Company's rendering facilities are highly dependent on one or few suppliers.&#160;&#160;It is reasonably possible that certain of those suppliers could cease their operations or choose a competitor&#8217;s services
 which could have a significant impact on these facilities.
 
 the fair values of the Company&#8217;s reporting units containing goodwill exceeded the related carrying value pursuant to a quantitative assessment completed as of the balance sheet date of each fiscal year.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2014





          



 2013



          



 2014













          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2013



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Rights
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Acquisition
 Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Expected Business Combination
 Number of Continents in which Entity Operates
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Expected Business Combination
 Number of Brands Entity Operates
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Net of Cash Acquired

075
000

000
000

754
000
        
        

600
000
000
        
        
        
        


        

154
000

969
000

668
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000


        
        
        
        
        

338
185
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

428
590
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

205
381
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

451
570
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

269
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

647
995
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

760
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

316
947
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

272
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

864
016
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

647
995
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

105
673
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

182
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

334
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Shares Issued in Period
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Number of Brands Entity Operates
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Number of Continents in which Entity Operates
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 for the period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of a period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
PROPERTY
A summary of property
December 28
December 29
67
49
163
129
526
414
136
97
18
18
135
71
1
047
780
(381
(326
666
453
927




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
92
92
92
92
259
61
321
251
7
3
12
Royalty
601
318
(38
(27
(63
(43
(2
(1
Royalty
(105
(73
Total Intangible assets
588
337
Gross intangible routes
 permits
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2011
 was approximately $
 $
 respectively.  Amortization expense for the next five fiscal years is estimated to be $
 $
 $
 $




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company announced on January&#160;21
 with Valero and was formed to design
 engineer
 construct and operate a renewable diesel plant (the DGD Facility)
9
 barrels per day of renewable diesel fuel and certain other co-products
 and is located adjacent to Valero's refinery in Norco
On May&#160;31
 2011
 the DGD Joint Venture and Diamond Green Diesel LLC
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the DGD Joint Venture (&#8220;Opco&#8221;)
 entered into (i) a facility agreement (the &#8220;Facility Agreement&#8221;) with Diamond Alternative Energy
 LLC
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Valero (the&#160;&#8220;Lender&#8221;)
 and (ii) a loan agreement (the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with the Lender
221
300
 (the&#160;&#8220;JV Loan&#8221;) to support the design
 engineering and construction of the DGD Facility
 which is now in production.  The Facility Agreement and the Loan Agreement prohibit the Lender from assigning all or any portion of the Facility Agreement or the Loan Agreement to unaffiliated third parties.  Opco has also pledged substantially all of its assets to the Lender
 and the DGD Joint Venture has pledged all of Opco's equity interests to the Lender
Based on the sponsor support agreements executed in connection with the Facility Agreement and the Loan Agreement relating to the DGD Joint Venture with Valero
As of December 31
December 31
December 31
488
230
213
15
(5
December&#160;28
 2013
 under the equity method of accounting
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2012
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        

283


        

914)


        

369


        

669


        
        


        

401)


        

551


        

914)


        

637



          

        


        
        


        

150


        
        


        

150


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

150


        
        


        

150



          

        


        
        


        

133


        

914)


        

219


        

669


        
        


        

401)


        

401


        

914)


        

487




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a
h)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a
h)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2013

          















 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2011

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2011



          



 2013

          



 2013



          



 2011



          



 2013



          



 2011



          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013


 International [Member]

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013


 Total [Member]

          



 2005






 2013






 2012






 2011






        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000

900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Pay Period Maximum Contribution Per Employee
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Maximum Annual Contribution Per Employee
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Minimum
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Maximum
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution Per Pay Period
 First Amount Of Participants Deferrals
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Contributions by Plan Participants
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Maximum Annual Contribution Per Employee
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Contribution Amount

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000

200
000

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Capitalization
 Long-term Debt and Equity
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Estimated Future Employer Contributions in Next Fiscal Year

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Contributions To Individual Plan
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Number Of Multiemployer Plans
 Withdrawal Obligation Could Be Material
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions

149
000

200
000

100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
[1]
[2]

000
[1]
[2]

000
[1]
[2]


Number of Multiemployer Plans
 Certified Red Zone
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Number of Multiemployer Plans
 Certified Yellow Zone
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Withdrawal Obligation

000

200
000
        

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 IRS Extended Amortization Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              


              

 Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Plan under collective bargaining agreements that require minimum funding contributions. Certain of these agreements have expired and are being renegotiated with others having expiration dates through April 30








        
          

        
          
            

 Contributions by Plan Participants
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Employer Contribution Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Employer Matching Contribution Per Pay Period
 First Amount Of Participants Deferrals
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Pay Period Maximum Contribution Per Employee
 Percent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Contributions To Individual Plan
 Percent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 IRS Extended Amortization Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Certified Red Zone
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Certified Yellow Zone
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Withdrawal Obligation Could Be Material
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Investment in Unconsolidated Subsidiary Selected Financial Information (Details) (Diamond Green Diesel Holdings LLC Joint Venture [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        

435
        


        

228
        


        

552
        


        

320

324)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including noncontrolling interest
 reported by an equity method investment of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowances
 and discounts reported by an equity method investment of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense

100
000

100
000

000
000


        

002
000

002
000
        


        

732
000

421
000
        


        

070
000)

021
000)
        


Total Intangible assets
 less accumulated amortization

664
000

402
000
        


Future Amortization Expense
 Year One

400
000
        
        


Future Amortization Expense
 Year Two

700
000
        
        


Future Amortization Expense
 Year Three

400
000
        
        


Future Amortization Expense
 Year Four

000
000
        
        


Future Amortization Expense
 Year Five

200
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

002
000

002
000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

326
000

951
000
        


        

231
000)

681
000)
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

763
000

550
000
        


        

145
000)

209
000)
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

218
000

654
000
        


        

352
000)

525
000)
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

698
000

000
        


        

000)

000)
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        

000)

000)
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

749
        

786
        

593
        

422

915

732

674

108

723
550
        

701
429
        

797
249
        


        

493
        

651
        

418
        

405

802

172

225

571

967
        

770
        

418
        


        

244
133
        
        
        
        
        
        

552
416
        
        
        

244
133
        

552
416
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

787
        

371
        

909
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

307
        

413
        

153
        


        

116
630
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

116
630
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

683
078
        

687
004
        

769
765
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

397
        
        
        
        
        


        

797
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

797
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

691
153
        
        
        
        
        


        

490
833
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

490
833
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

075
        

425
        

484
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

457
609
        

406
061
        

501
280
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

482
        

511
        

791
        


        

884
010
        
        
        
        
        
        

107
052
        
        
        

884
010
        

107
052
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

482
        

964
        

412
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

612
        

873
        

888
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

941
        

368
        

969
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

214
        

126
        

259
        


        

161
        
        
        
        
        
        

566
        
        
        

161
        

566
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

486
        

711
        

647
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

166
        

537
        

247
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

621)
        

813)
        

469)
        


        

192
962
        
        
        
        
        
        

798
        
        
        

192
962
        

798
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

819
        

696
        

850
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

529
        

003
        

018
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

108)
        

054)
        

163)
        

      
        

      



              

 $8.3 million in transaction costs in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 and $14.2 million in the fourth quarter relating to the Terra Transaction



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
December&#160;31
 2011


        
The Company considers all short-term highly liquid instruments
 with an original maturity of three months or less
 to be cash equivalents.


        
The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from customers&#8217; non-payment of trade accounts receivable owed to the Company.&#160;&#160;These trade receivables arise in the ordinary course of business from sales of raw material
 finished product or services to the Company&#8217;s customers.&#160;&#160;The estimate of allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon the Company&#8217;s bad debt experience
 prevailing market conditions
 and aging of trade accounts receivable
 among other factors.&#160;&#160;If the financial condition of the Company&#8217;s customers deteriorates
 resulting in the customers&#8217; inability to pay the Company&#8217;s receivables as they come due
 additional allowances for doubtful accounts may be required.


        
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.&#160;&#160;Cost is primarily determined using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method.


        
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost.&#160;&#160;Depreciation is computed by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of assets:&#160;&#160;1) Buildings and improvements
 years;&#160;2) Machinery and equipment
 years; 3) Vehicles
 years; and 4) Aircraft
Intangible assets with indefinite lives
 and therefore
 not subject to amortization
 consist of trade names acquired in the acquisition of Griffin Industries Inc. on December 17
 2010 (which was subsequently converted to a limited liability company) and its subsidiaries (Griffin).&#160;&#160;Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of:&#160;&#160;1) collection routes which are made up of groups of suppliers of raw materials in similar geographic areas from which the Company derives collection fees and a dependable source of raw materials for processing into finished products;&#160;&#160;2) permits that represent licensing of operating plants that have been acquired
 giving those plants the ability to operate; 3) non-compete agreements that represent contractual arrangements with former competitors whose businesses were acquired;&#160;&#160;4) trade names; and 5) royalty
 years for trade names.&#160;&#160;Royalty
 consulting and leasehold&#160;agreements are amortized over the term of the agreement.


        
The Company reviews the carrying value of long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
 or related asset group
 may not be recoverable from estimated future undiscounted cash flows.&#160;&#160;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group.&#160;&#160;If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount for which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.&#160;


        
Goodwill and indefinite lived assets are tested for impairment annually as of the balance sheet date or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.&#160;&#160;The Company follows a two-step process for testing impairment.&#160;&#160;First
 the fair value of each reporting unit is compared to its carrying value to determine whether an indication of impairment exists.&#160;&#160;If impairment is indicated
 then the fair value of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill is determined by allocating the unit&#8217;s fair value of its assets and liabilities (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination.&#160;&#160;The amount of impairment for goodwill is measured as the excess of its carrying value over its implied fair value.


        
        


        
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method.&#160;&#160;Under the asset and liability method
The Company periodically assesses whether it is more likely than not that it will be able to realize its deferred income tax assets.&#160;&#160;In making this determination
 the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence and makes certain assumptions.&#160;&#160;The Company considers
 among other things
 its deferred tax liabilities
 the overall business environment
 its historical earnings and losses
 current industry trends and its outlook for taxable income in future years.&#160;&#160;


        
        


        
The Company recognizes compensation expense in an amount equal to the fair value of the share-based payments (e.g.
 stock options and non-vested and restricted stock) granted to employees and non-employee directors or by incurring liabilities to an employee or other supplier (a) in amounts based
 at least in part
 on the price of the entity&#8217;s shares or other equity instruments
 or (b) that require or may require settlement by issuing the entity&#8217;s equity shares or other equity instruments.


        
If it is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect on the financial statements of a condition
 situation
 or set of circumstances that exist at the date of the financial statements will change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events
 and the effect of the change would be material to the financial statements
 the Company will disclose the nature of the uncertainty and include an indication that it is at least reasonably possible that a change in the estimate will occur in the near term.&#160;&#160;If the estimate involves certain loss contingencies
 the disclosure will also include an estimate of the probable loss or range of loss or state that an estimate cannot be made.


        
The Company makes limited use of derivative instruments to manage cash flow risks related to interest expense
 natural gas usage
 diesel fuel usage
 inventory
 forecasted sales and foreign currency exchange rates.&#160;&#160;The Company does not use derivative instruments for trading purposes.&#160;&#160;Interest rate swaps are entered into with the intent of managing overall borrowing costs by reducing the potential impact of increases in interest rates on floating-rate long-term debt.&#160;&#160;Natural gas swaps and options are entered into with the intent of managing the overall cost of natural gas usage by reducing the potential impact of seasonal weather demands on natural gas that increases natural gas prices.&#160;&#160;Heating oil swaps and options are entered into with the intent of managing the overall cost of diesel fuel usage by reducing the potential impact of seasonal weather demands on diesel fuel that increases diesel fuel prices.&#160;&#160;Inventory swaps and options are entered into with the intent of managing seasonally high concentrations of MBM
 PM
 BFT
 PG
Entities are required to report all derivative instruments in the statement of financial position at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e.
 gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and
 if so
 on the reason for holding the instrument. If certain conditions are met
 entities may elect to designate a derivative instrument as a hedge of exposures to changes in fair value
 cash flows or foreign currencies.&#160;&#160;If the hedged exposure is a cash flow exposure
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported initially as a component of other comprehensive income (outside of earnings) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. Any amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness as well as the ineffective portion of the gain or loss is reported in earnings immediately. If the derivative instrument is not designated as a hedge
 the gain or loss is recognized in earnings in the period of change.  Hedge accounting treatment ceases if or when the hedge transaction is no longer probable of occurring or the hedge relationship correlation no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.


        
        


        
Foreign currency translation is included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and reflects the adjustments resulting from translating the foreign currency denominated financial statements of foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars. The functional currency of the Company's foreign subsidiaries is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates
 which is generally the local currency of the country.  Accordingly
 assets and liabilities of the foreign subsidiaries are translated to U.S. dollars at fiscal year end exchange rates. Income and expense items are translated at daily or average monthly exchange rates. Changes in exchange rates that affect cash flows and the related receivables or payables are recognized as transaction gains and losses in determining net income. 


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) whether the obligation is measured on a discounted basis
 (3) the event
 situation
 or set of circumstances that generally triggers recognition of loss contingencies arising from the entity's environmental remediation-related obligations
 and (4) the timing of recognition of any recoveries.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Derivative Instruments in Statement of Financial Position
 Fair Value [Table Text Block]
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December 28
December 29
2
2
27
27
30
December 28
December 29
 2012


Schedule of Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) in Statement of Financial Performance [Table Text Block]
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
7
5
(1
7
5
(1
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2012
Gains and (losses) reclassified from accumulated OCI into income (effective portion) for interest rate swaps and natural gas swaps is included in interest expense and cost of sales
 respectively
Gains and (losses) recognized in income on derivatives (ineffective portion) for interest rate swaps and natural gas swaps is included in other income/(expense)
 net in the Company&#8217;s consolidated statements of operations.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 28
December 29
December 31
174
206
272
(10
163
206
272
December 28
December 29
December 31
8
54
58
7
10
13
15
65
72
40
10
26
3
(1
38
10
30
54
76
102
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2011
December 28
December 29
December 31
57
72
95
State income taxes
5
7
11
(4
(5
(9
Other
1
1
1
54
76
102
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December 28
December 29
10
10
9
8
4
12
Intangible assets amortization
7
1
4
1
1
9
7
45
44
44
43
Intangible assets amortization
(63
(22
Property
(67
(53
(31
(3
(1
(166
(77
(121
(34
17
12
(138
(46
(121
(34
At December 28
 2013 and December 29
 2012
 the Company had net deferred tax liabilities of approximately $
 respectively.  The increase in the deferred tax liability is principally due to differences between the book and tax basis in the DGD Joint Venture related primarily to accelerated tax depreciation and deferred tax liabilities resulting from the carryover basis in the Terra Transaction
December&#160;28
 2013
 the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately $
.&#160;&#160;The availability of the net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income is subject to certain limitations.&#160;&#160;As a result of the change in ownership which occurred pursuant to the May 2002 recapitalization
 of net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax purposes
 which begin to expire in 2014.   Also at December 28
 2013
 the Company had U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards of approximately $
 state tax credit carryforwards of approximately $
December&#160;28
 2013
December&#160;28
 2013
.  During the year
 primarily as a result of tax positions taken in the current year.  All of the unrecognized tax benefit would favorably impact the Company's effective tax rate if recognized.  The Company does not reasonably expect any material change to the Company's unrecognized tax positions in the next twelve months.  The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties
 as appropriate
In fiscal 2013
 of taxes
 which was accrued prior to the first quarter of 2013. The statute of limitations for the Company's federal return is open for the 2011
 2012 and 2013 tax years.  The Company is also currently being examined by several state tax agencies.  Although the final outcome of these examinations is not yet determinable
 the Company does not anticipate that any of the state examinations will have a significant impact on the Company's results of operations or financial position.  The statute of limitations for the Company's state returns is open for varying periods and jurisdictions
Prior to fiscal 2013
 the Company did not have significant operations outside of the U.S. During fiscal 2013
 the Company began operations in Canada through the acquisiton of Rothsay.  No deferred income taxes have been provided on the unremitted earnings attributable to foreign operations because as of the end of fiscal 2013 there are no positive unremitted earnings.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
December&#160;28
Fair Value Measurements at December 28
30
30
30
30
275
275
275
275
Derivative assets consist of the Company's natural gas swap contracts
 heating oil swap contracts and corn oil option and futures
 which represents the difference between the observable market rates of commonly quoted intervals for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and the fixed swap and option rate considering the instruments term
Derivative liabilities consist of the Company's natural gas swap contracts
 heating oil swap contracts and corn option and futures
 which represent the difference between the observable market rates of commonly quoted intervals for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and the fixed swap rate considering the instrument&#8217;s term
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments and as such have been excluded from the table above.  The carrying amount for the Company's other debt is not deemed to be significantly different than the fair value and all other instruments have been recorded at fair value.&#160;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The components of other comprehensive income (loss) and the related tax impacts for the years ended December&#160;28
 2013
 December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
Year Ended December 31
(19
7
(11
2
(1
1
(16
6
(10
(1
1
(16
6
(9
Year Ended December 29
(6
2
(4
4
(1
2
(1
(1
1
Year Ended December 28
18
(6
11
5
(2
3
24
(8
15
(5
2
(3
7
(2
4
1
1
(14
(14
11
(9
1
906


        
December 28
December 29
December 31
(1
5
(1
5
(1
(1
(2
3
(5
(4
(2
(5
(4
(2
2
1
1
(3
(2
(1
(3
(2
706


        
December&#160;28
Fiscal Year Ended December 28
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss) December 29
 2012
(31
(31
(14
4
11
2
(3
3
(14
1
15
1
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss) December 28
 2013
(14
1
(16
(29
423




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions  designated as economic hedges of a net investment in foreign entity
 gain (loss) and prior service cost (credit) for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Balance at December 29
344
53
397
(15
(15
328
53
381
326
326
(6
(6
Balance at December 28
664
53
717
(15
(15
648
53
701
637




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        

493
        

651
        

418
        

405

802

172

225

571

967

770

418


Other comprehensive income (Loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

502)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

140

169)

146)


Total other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

906
        

916)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

873

345

502



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (Loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (Loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

141
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (Loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 $8.3 million in transaction costs in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 and $14.2 million in the fourth quarter relating to the Terra Transaction








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss)
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        

028


Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure

028


        
        


Long-term Debt
 Fair Value

000


Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure

003



          

        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        
        


Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure
        


        
        


Long-term Debt
 Fair Value
        


Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure
        



          

        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        

028


Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure

028


        
        


Long-term Debt
 Fair Value

000


Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure

003



          

        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        
        


Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure
        


        
        


Long-term Debt
 Fair Value
        


Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
October&#160;28
 2013
 due to over payment for working capital
 rendering plants in Manitoba
 Ontario and Nova Scotia and a biodiesel operation in Quebec
 Canada.  The Rothsay Acquisition not only adds significant scale by expanding the Company's geographic footprint into Canada
December&#160;28
 2013
 which includes certain acquisition costs allocated to the business
As a result of the Rothsay Acquisition
October&#160;28
 2013
 the Company began including the operations of Rothsay into the Company's consolidated financial statements.&#160;&#160;The following table presents selected pro forma information
 for comparative purposes
 assuming the Rothsay Acquisition had occurred on January&#160;1
 2012 for the periods presented (unaudited) (in thousands
December 28
December 29
1
920
1
928
194
229
129
145
The selected unaudited pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the consolidated results of operations for future periods or the results of operations that would have been realized had the Rothsay Acquisition actually occurred on January&#160;1
October&#160;28
13
5
139
240
261
(12
(5
(15
(10
(4
Purchase price
612
 years
 years
 years.  As a result of the complexity and timing of the Rothsay Acquisition
 the Company is still assessing the assets acquired and accrued liabilities assumed thus
. &#160;Additionally
 was capitalized as deferred loan costs
The Company notes the acquisitions discussed below are not considered related businesses
August&#160;26
 2013
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Darling
 Darling AWS LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 acquired all of the shares of Terra Holding Company
 a Delaware corporation
 and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Terra Renewal Services
 Inc.
 an Arkansas corporation (TRS)
 and EV Acquisition
 Inc.
August&#160;26
 2013
 in cash for assets and assumed liabilities consisting of property
 plant and equipment of $
 intangible assets of $
 goodwill of $
 on the closing date.&#160;&#160;The goodwill from the Terra Transaction was assigned to the Rendering segment and is not deductible for tax purposes
On June&#160;8
 2012
completed its acquisition of substantially all of the assets of RVO BioPur
.  Headquartered in Waterbury
 Connecticut
 BioPur provides used cooking oil collection and grease trap services to restaurants and food service establishments in the New England area of the Company's existing East coast operations.  The identifiable intangibles have a weighted average life of 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Acquisitions - Pro Forma (Details) (Rothsay [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      











          

        
        


Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Nonrecurring Adjustment [Line Items]
        
        


        

920
960

928
840


        

834

963


        

218

836


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 for the period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of a period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period
 before Tax

773

768)

280)


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized (Gain) Loss Arising During Period
 Tax

904)

623

474


        

869

145)

806)


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Gain (Loss) Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 before Tax

202

756

724


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Gain (Loss) Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Tax

018)

844)

056)


        

184

912

668


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Prior Service Cost Arising During Period
 before Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Benefit Plan Improvement
 Tax Effect
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Amortization
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Prior Service Cost Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 before Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Amortization
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Prior Service Cost Recognized in Net Periodic Pension Cost
 Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Amortization
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Prior Service Cost Recognized in Net Periodic Pension Cost
 Net of Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent

117

909)

569


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent

977)
        

423


Pension liability adjustments
 net of tax

140)

169

146


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 before Tax

600
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 Tax

900)
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent

686
        

194)


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent

780)
        

278


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent

906
        

916)


Foreign currency translation adjustments
 net of tax

502)
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income
 before Tax
        

267
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income
 Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income
 Net of Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 before Tax
        
        

229)


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 Net of Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges
 before Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges
 Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income
 before Tax
        
        

163


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income
 Tax
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income
 Net of Tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income
 before Tax
        

486)
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income
 Tax
        

129
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income
 Net of Tax
        

357)
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 before Tax

350
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 Tax

852)
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period
 Net of Tax

498
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges
 before Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent

864
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges
 Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent
        
        
        


        

141
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Pension liability adjustments
 net of tax

140)

169

146)


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 before Tax

502)
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment
 Tax
        
        
        


Foreign currency translation adjustments
 net of tax

502)
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

141
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss)
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss)
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss)
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
d)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

835

224


        

888
        


Long-term debt
 net of current portion

947

142



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

676
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

030
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

000

000



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

129
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    






    

Dec. 28


Sep. 28


Jun. 29


Mar. 30


Dec. 29


Sep. 29


Jun. 30


Mar. 31

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

097

278


Reserve for self insurance
 litigation
 environmental and tax matters

603

209


        

971

052


        

671

539




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Litigation
 Environmental and Tax Matters
 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 28
December 29
57
60
7
5
65
65
065




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 28
December 29
11
31
Reserve for self insurance
 litigation
27
28
1
2
40
61
539




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20
24)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













